Main
content
We are TradingView Inc. ("TradingView," "we" or "us"). We respect your privacy and work hard to protect the confidentiality of information that you give us. We will only share your personal data with third parties in the event that it’s needed for the provision of services and data you have requested (explained in detail in this privacy policy).
About us
TradingView is the data controller responsible for your personal data and is the sole owner of the TradingView.com website ("Website"), TradingView mobile and desktop applications, TradingView services (each, a "Service") and all of the information collected on it. TradingView collects information from users in several ways (explained in detail in this privacy policy).
This privacy policy applies to personal data that we collect from you when you visit this Website, create an account, use our applications or services ("you" or "your" being interpreted accordingly). It provides information on what personal data we collect, why we collect personal data, how it is used, the lawful basis on which your personal data is processed, how it is stored, and how we share information.
As used in this privacy policy, "personal data" means any information that relates to you from which you can be identified.
By using our Service or submitting your personal data, you are agreeing to accept the terms of this privacy policy, so please read it carefully. If you disagree with this privacy policy at any point or time, you should stop using our Services and delete your user account.
Updates
We may update this privacy policy at our discretion from time to time by posting a new version on our Website. You should check our Website occasionally to ensure any changes made are suitable for you. If required by applicable law, you will be informed of any significant changes made to the privacy policy.
The current version of this privacy policy was modified on April 19, 2024.
Personal data that we collect
There is no need to create an account when searching and viewing information from certain markets, such as symbols, quotes, financial data, as well as ideas and publicly available data of TradingView users.
Data we receive from you:
User accounts.
If you decide to create an account, you will need to provide us with some personal data so we can provide you with access to our additional services that users benefit from. You may also elect to provide us with additional information about you, as described below.
During registration you will be required to provide us with either:
your username, email address;
your account information with one of the following social Internet services: Facebook, X (formerly Twitter), Google, Yahoo!, LinkedIn, Apple; and
if you want to buy a subscription, we will need your first name, last name and postal address.
In some cases, you may need to provide and verify your phone number. You can also add additional information about yourself in the profile settings, however, this is not mandatory.
The following information will be publicly displayed:
username, the image you have elected to provide as your user avatar, signature, "About me", X (formerly Twitter) handle, YouTube channel link, YouTube username, Facebook profile, Instagram profile and website, date joined, subscription level.
The following information will not be publicly displayed:
your first and last name, phone number and email.
If you register to be a user of Essential/Plus/Premium/Expert/Ultimate Accounts (a "Paid User"), our third party payment processor will also process information about your payment card and bank account information or payment account information that we require for the purpose of recording and processing your account registration. For further details, please refer to the point below titled "
Payment information
", under the section headed, "When we share your personal information."
Contact data.
We also process any personal data you choose to give when corresponding with us by phone, email, or otherwise visiting and interacting with this Website or any other services we operate.
By providing your phone number, you agree to receive text messages from us. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency varies. We will not share your contact phone number with any other parties unless explicitly specified by this policy.
Partners data.
We also process personal data you choose to give at registration and connection to the Partner Program (for more information please see
Partner Program Rules
).
Cookies and other technologies.
We use browser cookies (small text files placed on your device) to administer our Site, gather and analyze statistical information, ensure security, to fight spam, and for advertising purposes. Cookies allow us to provide you with a better user experience when you browse our Website and also helps to improve its features. More detailed information on the use of cookies can be found in our
Cookies Policy
.
We also use web beacons (tiny graphics with a unique identifier) for analytics and advertising purposes and to develop, test, and improve our services further, as described in our
Cookies Policy
.
Log files.
Like most websites, we use web server log files. Records in our log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses (see the "
Device information
" section below for further details), browser types, internet service providers, referring pages, exit pages, platform types, and date/time stamps. We use web server log files to administer the site, provide broad traffic information for site planning purposes, and to ensure that our terms of service agreement is being adhered to. Note that IP addresses are not tied to personal data in our web server log files.
Device information.
We collect the following information about the devices you use to interact with our services: IP address of the device (from which we can also infer the country you are connecting from), device type, operating system, application and browser version. We collect this information to prevent spam and abuse of our services. IP addresses may be considered personal data in certain jurisdictions, and will be treated in accordance with this privacy policy.
Analytics.
When you are using our Website, mobile and desktop applications, or widgets we provide to another site, we may collect analytics information automatically. This information may include your general device information, device identifiers (for example, Google Advertising ID, if you are using an Android device, or Advertising Identifier (IDFA), if you are using an iOS device), network information, website, and application interaction events. We collect pseudonymous data only and this analytic information does not include any personal identifiable information from your profile. We use this information to analyze and improve the work of our services and applications, and to develop, test, and improve our service further. For this purpose we may use internal analytic as well as third party service providers. For further details about our use of third party service providers, please refer to the Analytics providers section below.
Data we receive from third parties.
When you sign in to your account using your internet service credentials (Facebook, X (formerly Twitter), Google, Yahoo!, LinkedIn, Apple), such service sends us your username and the email address associated with the credentials you've used. We neither control nor take any responsibility for the way third parties provide information about you and/or process your personal data.
How personal information is used
We use personal data in various ways that are necessary to provide the services you intend to use, certain legitimate interests, and as a necessity in order to comply with applicable law, as further described below.
We do not generally rely on your consent to allow us to process your personal data if there is another lawful ground available. If we do rely on your consent, we will make this clear to you at that time.
Profile.
A profile is a set of information for each individual user that details his/her viewing preferences. User settings (chart settings, toolbars, buttons, etc.) are kept solely for the purpose of customizing the user's experience when using the Website, applications or user accounts. We do not share private profile settings with any third parties.
Note that when you create an account, other users or visitors may access your public profile and see any information you have made publicly available about yourself.
User account and profile operations.
We use your contact details, such as username, email address, or phone number, in the following ways:
to authenticate your user account, ensure its security along with the security of our services, and to prevent spam, fraud, and abuse;
to acknowledge, confirm, and deal with your user account;
to send all new users a welcome activation email to verify their email address;
(For Paid Users) to provide you with subscription services and contact you regarding your use of such services. This is necessary for us to implement your requests; and
Paid Users will also receive a notification email from our payment processor if there are any issues regarding billing their cards for auto-renew subscriptions. Users cannot opt out of these messages, though they can delete their account.
User account deleting.
You may refuse to use our Website and/or application and may ask us to delete your account in the
Profile settings
. Your account will be deleted after 30 days. During this time, you can stop the deletion process at any time.
Please note that if you have requested your account to be deleted, we will delete the subsequent personal data you have supplied us. Some data, such as published ideas/scripts and messages sent to other users, will be saved as they have already integrated into our system. This data must be stored to maintain the integrity of the platform.
For legitimate business processes and for compliance with legal obligations, including tax laws, audits, and security, we must retain certain data for an extended period. This data includes, but is not limited to, transaction logs, financial records, addresses, and employment details. The duration of retention for each type of data will comply with specific legal requirements, extending up to 10 years.
Note that search engines, as well as third parties, can keep copies of your publicly available information once your account has been deleted. It should also be noted that published ideas will remain on the site and messages sent to other users cannot be deleted.
Marketing.
We may send you marketing emails about our products or services that are similar to the products or services you are subscribed to, including information about events and other promotions we feel may interest you. This is unless you have indicated to us that you do not wish to receive communications in this manner. We will send you other promotional information by email only with your consent, which was given at the time you provided us with your personal data. Users can opt out of receiving marketing communications at any time by clicking "unsubscribe" in one of the emails (for more information on your rights, please see the "
User rights
" section below).
Social notifications.
We can notify you via email about new users who have followed you, liked an idea, new ideas of users that you follow, and so on. You can refuse to receive such notifications at any time by adjusting your
Profile settings
.
Service-related announcements.
On rare occasions, it may be necessary to send out service-related announcements. For instance, if our service is interrupted for a prolonged period or a major functionality upgrade is released, we might send all users an email message.
Customer service.
When you open a support ticket, we use your contact details as well as information about your device, server logs, a description of the problem, along with any other supporting materials (videos, screenshots, etc.) to help resolve the issue(s).
API.
If you are using our API (Application Programming Interface) services (such as the Advanced Charts, Trading Platform, REST API), then we may process your personal data in order to be able to provide and support those services.
Legitimate interests.
We will process your personal data as necessary for certain legitimate business interests, which include the following:
where we are asked to respond to any of your inquiries, comments, or grievances;
to administer our services in order to better understand how visitors interact with the Website and application, and ensure that they are presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer/device;
to develop and improve our mobile applications;
to share personal data among our affiliated businesses for administrative purposes, provide subscription services, and in relation to our sales and marketing activities, except where we require your consent, as described above;
to send you information about our products or services that are similar to the products or services you subscribed to (unless you have refused or opted out of receiving these emails at the time you provided us with your email address or you have indicated to us that you do not wish to receive communications in this manner). Our legitimate interest is to ensure our marketing is relevant to you, so we may process your data to send you information on our products or services that is specifically tailored to your interests;
we may anonymize, pseudonymize, aggregate and de-identify the data that we collect and use this data for our own internal business purposes, including sharing it with our business partners, our affiliated businesses, agents and other third parties for commercial, statistical and market research purposes. For example, to allow those parties to analyse patterns among groups of people and conducting research on demographics, interests, and behavior;
for internal business/technical operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes, and as part of our efforts to keep our Website, network, and information systems secure; and
to (a) comply with legal obligations, (b) respond to requests from competent authorities; (c) enforce our Terms of Use or House Rules; (d) protect our operations or those of any of our affiliated businesses; (e) protect our rights, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliated businesses, you or others; and (f) enforce or defend legal rights, or prevent damage. This means we can store and disclose your information to law enforcement authorities, state, or government agencies if we establish that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law. This includes responses to court orders or subpoenas, as well as other judicial or regulatory processes.
As used in this privacy policy, “legitimate interests” means the interests of TradingView and our affiliated businesses in conducting and managing our business. When we process your personal data for our legitimate interests, we make sure to consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights under data protection laws. Our legitimate interests do not automatically override your interests. We do not use personal data for activities where our interests override the impact they may have on our users, unless we have their explicit consent or those activities are otherwise required or permitted by law. You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data that is based on our legitimate interests at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation (for more information on your rights, please see the "
User rights
" section below).
When would we share personal information
We share your personal data with third parties in the following situations:
Service providers.
TradingView, like many businesses, occasionally engages with selected third parties who act on our behalf to support our operations, such as (i) card processing or payment services (see the point below headed "
Payment information
"), (ii) IT suppliers and contractors (i.e. data hosting providers or delivery partners) as necessary to provide IT support and enable us to provide subscription services and other goods/services available on this Website or to users, (iii) web and mobile analytics providers, (iv) providers of digital advertising services, and (v) providers of marketing and sales software solutions. Pursuant to our instructions, these parties may access, process or store your personal data in the course of performing their duties to us and solely in order to perform the services we have hired them to provide.
Payment information.
Paid Users must provide payment information (name, postal address, payment card information or payment account information). This information is used for billing purposes only and is processed by our payment processors. When you are making a payment, we do not have access to your payment card information. Should we have any issues with processing an order, the email address you have provided will be used to contact you. For more information on what type of information is collected by our payment processors, please view their privacy policies:
Braintree Privacy Statement
Coinbase Commerce Privacy Policy
Razorpay Privacy Policy
Apple Privacy Policy
Google Privacy Policy
Triple-A Terms and Conditions
dLocal Privacy Policy
Third-party content providers.
When you buy market data from ICE or other stock exchanges, we give them your contact details (name, phone number, address and email) and you sign the agreement. This data is also processed by ICE or other stock exchanges in order to provide you with access to the exchanges.
TradingView affiliated businesses.
In order to provide the services you request from us, our affiliated businesses may access and process the information which we collect from you for the purposes described above, including offering products and services to you. Our affiliated businesses will only use your data for the purposes for which we originally collected said data.
Analytics providers.
We may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our services and mobile/desktop applications. We use this information to analyze and improve the work of our services and mobile applications.
We may use Google Analytics as a web analytics service on the Website, mobile apps and in conjunction with the widgets we provide. For more information on Google Analytics privacy practices, you can check
here
.
Analytics services for mobile and desktop applications that we may use:
Firebase — a development and analytics platform provided by Google. For more information on what type of information is collected, please visit the
Firebase web page
.
Flurry Analytics — provides us with tools and resources for understanding our mobile application users' behavior. For more information on the handling of user data on Flurry Analytics, please see their
Privacy Policy
.
Visual Studio App Center — owned by Microsoft. Their applicable data protection provisions can be reviewed under the
Microsoft Privacy Statement
.
AppsFlyer — analytics services to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising campaigns, as well as certain events and actions in the application. For more information on how AppsFlyer works and what data it collects, please see
AppsFlyer Services Privacy Policy
.
Sentry — is an error tracking and performance monitoring platform that helps us diagnose, fix, and optimize the performance of our platform. For more information on what data collected by Sentry, please see
Sentry Privacy Policy
.
Business transfers.
If we sell our business or our company assets are acquired by a third party, personal data held by us about our general account users, subscription account users or customers may be one of the transferred assets.
Administrative and legal reasons.
If we need to disclose your personal data (i) to comply with a legal obligation and/or judicial or regulatory proceedings, a court order or other legal process, (ii) to enforce our Terms of Use, House Rules or other applicable contract terms that you are subject to, or (iii) to protect us or our contractors against loss or damage. This may include, but is not limited to, exchanging information with the police, courts or law enforcement organisations.
Advertising.
We display advertising on the Website and may use remarketing and tracking features. Remarketing features allow us to display advertising in a more targeted manner in order to present advertisements of interest to users, based on their activity on other websites. Tracking features allow us to collect information about impressions, ad clicks and certain actions that users complete through our Website. This data also helps us evaluate the performance of ad campaigns. Note that we collect pseudonymous data only. We may use the following services for advertising, remarketing, and tracking purposes:
Google Ad Manager and Google Ads — they help us serve and measure the success of ads on our site. For more information about how Google uses data, please refer to their
Privacy & Terms
document as well as
Google's Privacy Policy
. You can opt out of this by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page
or by turning off the personalization of Google ads via their
Ad Settings page
.
Meta pixel — allows us to measure, optimise, and build audiences for our advertising campaigns. You can learn more about Meta's data policy
here
. You can manage your personal settings for advertisements on Facebook at
Your Ad Preferences
. In case you don't have a Facebook account, you can use
Your Online Choices
website or
DAA's WebChoices Tool
to manage your ad experience.
X (formerly Twitter) Conversion Tracking (X Pixel) — helps us to measure our return on ad expenditure. For more information about X (formerly Twitter) data processing, please see their
Privacy policy
. You can adjust the settings in your personal X (formerly Twitter) profile and opt to receive advertising. In case you don't have a X (formerly Twitter) account, you can use
Your Online Choices
website or
DAA's WebChoices Tool
to manage your ad experience.
Note that we do not share any personal information with our advertisers. They can only access general statistics that include the amount of impressions their ads have generated as well as clicks.
Google reCAPTCHA.
We use reCAPTCHA to check whether data has been entered by a person or by an automated program. We use this service to protect our services from spam, fraud and abuse. reCAPTCHA analyses the behavior of the visitor using various characteristics and evaluates various information for analysis purposes (e.g. IP address, visit duration, or the user's mouse clicks). This analysis begins automatically, as soon as the website visitor accesses the website, and runs in the background. Visitors are not informed that an analysis is being performed. The data recorded during analysis is forwarded to Google. More information on Google reCAPTCHA and the
Google Privacy Policy
can be found under the following links: Google's Privacy Policy and
What is reCAPTCHA?
.
YouTube API services.
We use the YouTube API to share your chosen video ideas to your YouTube account. When you use this service, you will need to sign in with your Google account and grant us permission to access your YouTube account. We will only use this access to upload videos that you choose to share with us. We will not store, modify, delete, or view any other data from your YouTube account. We will also not share your Google account information with any third parties. You can revoke our access to your YouTube account at any time by visiting
Google security settings page
. By using this service you are agreeing to be bound by the
YouTube Terms of Service
.
Public information on our site
Public profile.
When you create your profile on our Service, other users or visitors may access your public profile and see any information you have made available about yourself. When browsing for trading ideas, they will only be able to view your market information (i.e. published ideas and scripts, markets allocation, top mentioned Symbols, etc.), social information (i.e. followers and following lists along with the ideas that you follow and comment on), contact information (i.e. your About section, avatar, links to your social media accounts, website, etc.), your community status (i.e. Moderator or Pro badges, statistical information such as reputation points, views, likes, followers, registration date, as well your last visit date). Your email address, however, will not be visible (unless you choose to make it visible).
Public content.
Our Service allows those with a registered user account to share their charts with indicators and comments, their ideas, scripts, and other content with the rest of the internet via our publish features.
By using public publishing features, you grant us an irrevocable, perpetual, and royalty-free license to publish and disclose the content, as well as the username of the author, which makes you identifiable.
You can also publish your content as "private". This means that it will not be displayed in your profile or your lists of ideas, scripts, etc., nor will it be indexed by search engines. However, users who have a direct link to your content will be able to view it. Note that you will control over who/which users have access to a link.
When you comment on any content, we also publish certain information about your comment: including date, time and application (such as "TradingView for iOS" if you commented on it from one of our applications).
Chats and private messages.
When you communicate with other users in public and private chats, we store and process your messages and any related information. We check links to make sure there is no malicious software or content as well as to detect spam and prohibited images/text. When you use private messages to communicate, please keep in mind that the recipients have a copy of your correspondence as well. This will continue to be the case even if you delete such correspondence from your account. Recipients can copy, store and/or reshare these messages. Be constantly vigilant of this.
Security of personal data
We use technical and organizational safeguards to protect your personal data and require third parties with whom we work to do the same.
We use Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption technology in order to protect certain information that you submit to us. This technology protects you from having your information intercepted by anyone while it is being transmitted to TradingView or payment processor. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the "lock" icon in the browser window is displayed, confirming that a secure and encrypted connection has been established with the Website. We work hard to ensure that our Service is secure and that we meet industry standards. We also use other safeguards, such as firewalls, authentication systems (i.e. passwords, and personal identification numbers), and access control mechanisms to control unauthorized access to systems and data. If you have chosen to create an account, you are responsible for doing everything you reasonably can to keep your access details secret. You must not share these details with anyone else.
We also do our best to protect user information offline. All of our users' personal information is restricted to our offices. Only employees who need to see the information to perform their jobs are allowed to access it.
The servers that store personal data are located in a secure environment in a locked facility.
We are constantly improving the ways we secure, store, and process the data we collect, including the addition of physical security measures that help us counter unauthorized access to our systems. However, no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children and sensitive personal data
This Website is not directed towards children who are under the age of 18. We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children below the age of 18 years, or sensitive personal data ("racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation," etc.). Please consult
Art. 9 GDPR
for more information. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us immediately so that we can either obtain special consent or delete the information.
Third-party sites
Links to other sites.
At our discretion we may add links (web links) to other websites from our Website. These websites can be run by third parties with separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility nor are we liable for any content, activities or privacy policies of these linked sites. We suggest you read the privacy policy of each and every site that you visit.
Our hosted charting solutions.
Some business partners use our charting solutions on their own websites. Such sites may display messages such as "Powered by TradingView" or similar. We do not control the privacy policies of these sites, regardless of whether or not these messages are displayed. Again, we suggest you read the privacy policy of each and every site that you visit.
EEA and UK users' specific rights
Individuals subject to European and United Kingdom ("UK") data protection laws may have data subject rights in relation to the personal data we hold on them (described in detail below). This may, in and of itself, be subject to limitations and/or restrictions.
If you are located in the EEA or UK, please contact us to exercise your rights.
Accessing data.
If prompted, we will confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data and if so, we will provide you with a copy of that personal data along with any other pertinent details. If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee, but this can be discussed and depends on the situation.
Restricting the processing of personal data.
You may ask us to restrict or 'block' the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances, for example, if you contest the accuracy of the data or object to us processing it. We will notify you before we lift any restriction on processing. If we share your personal data with others, we will notify them of the restriction wherever possible. If prompted, and if it is possible and lawful to do so, we will also notify you with whom we have shared or will share your personal data so you can contact them directly.
Objections.
You may:
ask us to stop processing your personal data at any time, and we will do so. If we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your personal data, then it should not be a problem unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing;
object to our processing of your data for the purposes of direct marketing at any time. This can be done by clicking the "unsubscribe" button in our marketing emails; and
refuse to receive service notifications via email (for example, when a user you are subscribed to publishes a chart, idea, etc.). This can be adjusted in the
User Settings
.
Withdrawal of consent.
If we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness with which we process your data before receiving notice of your wish to withdraw your consent. We emphasize that we do not generally rely on your consent to allow us to process your personal data if there is another lawful ground available. If we do rely on your consent, we will make this clear to you at that time.
Viewing and correcting data.
You have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified or completed if it is incomplete. In order to do so, each user can view, manage and/or update his/her personal data in the
Profile Settings
.
If we share your personal data with others, we will notify them of any corrections made whenever possible. If prompted, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also notify you with whom we have shared your personal data so you can contact them directly if need be.
Deleting data.
You have the right to refuse to use our Services and may ask us to delete or remove your personal data in certain circumstances. If we share your data with others, we will notify them of the edits wherever possible. If prompted, and wherever possible and lawful to do so, we will also notify you with whom we have shared your personal data so you can contact them directly if need be.
Please see the "User account deleting" section for more details.
Data retention.
We will keep your personal data (1) until you decide to delete your account (upon request), or (2) as required by law or as necessary for legitimate business purposes (i.e. for tax, legal, accounting, fraud, or abuse prevention, and/or other purposes). This data can be stored even after an account is deleted.
Upon expiration of the applicable retention period, we will securely destroy your personal data in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you. In this case, such data is no longer considered personal.
If you consent to receive marketing communications, we will keep your data until you unsubscribe, which is possible via the 'unsubscribe' button at the end of our marketing emails. Additional methods to unsubscribe may be added in the future.
Data portability.
You have the right to obtain your personal data from us, which that you consented to give us or that was provided to us as necessary in connection with our contract with you. We will give you your personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format. You may reuse it elsewhere if you so wish.
Lodge a complaint with the data protection authority.
If you have concerns about our privacy practices, including the way we handle or have your personal data, you can report it to any competent data protection authority of an European Union member state that is authorised to hear such concerns (you may find European Union Data Protection Authorities' contact information
here
) or to the
Information Commissioner's Office
(ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us. Note that we may need to ask you for further information to verify your identity before we can respond to any request.
International data transfers
TradingView Inc. is based in the United States and United Kingdom. The information collected through Services will be stored on servers located in the United States, European Union, and other destinations (including outside the EEA), to our service providers and affiliated businesses for the purposes described above. This is necessary to enable you to navigate and use our Services. The data may be transmitted to our service providers and affiliates supporting our business operations (described above).
Note that the countries concerned may not provide the same legal standards for protection of your personal data that you have in the EEA. If we transfer your personal data to countries outside of your country, we will take the necessary steps to ensure your information receives an adequate level of security protection where it is processed and that your rights continue to be protected.
If you would like to receive more information on the safeguards that we implement, please contact us.
Specific rights for users in California
If you are an eligible California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") provides you with specific rights with respect to our collection and use of your personal information. You have the following rights under the CCPA:
Right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. The list of categories of personal information collected and disclosed about consumers are enlisted in the section 'Personal data that we collect' and the list of categories of third parties to whom the personal information may be disclosed are enlisted in the section 'When would we share personal information'. Please contact us to exercise a data portability request. Separately, we do not sell your personal information.
Right to request delete personal information we have collected from you. Please see the "User account deleting" section for more details.
Right not to be discriminated against regarding pricing and services as you exercise any of your rights under the CCPA. We do not offer consumers financial incentives, price differentials, or services in exchange for selling a consumer's personal information.
Contact information
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding personal data processing, please contact us using
this form
or via post at:
TradingView.com, Inc.
470 Olde Worthington Rd., Suite 200
Westerville, OH 43082
If you are an individual in the EEA, you can also contact our representative, Jasper Ernst, at C/ Aragón 643 (Mail Boxes), PO Box 194, 08026 Barcelona, Spain, who has been appointed by TradingView as a representative in the EEA, pursuant to Article 27 of the European Union General Data Protection Regulation on matters related to the processing of personal data that take place in the EEA.
If you are an individual in the UK, you can also contact us at:
TradingView Ltd.
Floor 25. The Shard,
32 London Bridge St,
London SE1 9SG.
日本の個人の場合には、以下の連絡先でもご連絡を受け付けています。
〒105-0003 東京都港区西新橋3-25-31 愛宕山PREX8階
CXRエンジニアリング株式会社内
トレーディングビュー
日本における担当者 成田博之
03-4400-4157
Show more
Show more
Show more
Show more
Show more
Show more
Show more
Show more
Show more
Show more
Show more
Show more
Show more
Show more
Show more
Show more
Show more
Show more
Show more
1
Manage
Accept all
Show more
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/braintree-privacy-policy:
<< Back To Home Page
PayPal Data Protection Addendum For Card Processing Products
1. Definitions
2. PayPal as a Controller
3. Processing of Customer Data in Connection with the Payment Services
4. Merchant Notice to Customers
5. Mutual Assistance
6. Cross Border Data Transfers
Attachment 1
PayPal Data Protection Addendum For Card Processing Products
Last updated on February 5, 2025
This PayPal Data Protection Addendum for Card Processing Products (this "Addendum") applies to any product, service, or other offering where a member of the PayPal Group ("PayPal") provides card processing, gateway and/or fraud protection services (the "Payment Services") to you. This Addendum does not apply to PayPal wallet services such as pay with PayPal, Venmo, or PayPal’s pay later offers. This Addendum forms part of the applicable agreement between you ("you" or "Merchant") and PayPal that governs PayPal’s provision of the Payment Services to you (the "Agreement") and is incorporated by reference therein. In the event there is any conflict between the terms of this Addendum and the Agreement, the terms of this Addendum will control. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Addendum have the meaning set out in the Agreement.
This Addendum is effective as of the later of (i) the effective date specified in the Agreement or (ii) the effective date stated in the notice posted or provided to you in connection with this Addendum. We may amend this Addendum from time to time. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it on our website, unless otherwise noted. If our changes reduce your rights or increase your responsibilities, we will post a notice on the "
Policy Updates
" page of our website within the timeframe required by the Agreement. If you do not agree with any change to this Addendum, you may discontinue your use of the Payment Services.
1. Definitions
The following terms have the following meanings when used in Part A of this Addendum:
"Controller"
means an entity that determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, or, if such term (or terms addressing similar data protection and privacy roles) is defined in Data Protection Law, "Controller" shall have the meaning as defined in the applicable Data Protection Law including a "Business" as defined in the CCPA.
"Customer"
means your customers who use the Payment Services and for the purposes of Part A of this Addendum, are data subjects.
"Customer Data"
means any Personal Data that (i) the Customer provides to you and you may pass on to PayPal through the use by you of the Payment Services or that (ii) PayPal may collect from the Customer directly.
"Data Protection Laws"
means any applicable data protection laws, regulations, directives and regulatory requirements applicable to PayPal’s provision of the Payment Services, including any amendments thereto and any associated regulations or instruments (e.g., the California Consumer Privacy Act 2018, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100 et seq as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("CCPA"), the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR), the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (Canada), the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap.486) (Hong Kong), the Brazilian General Data Protection Law, Federal Law no. 13,709/2018 and the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (Singapore)).
"PayPal Group"
means PayPal, Inc. and all company entities which PayPal, or its successor(s), directly or indirectly from time to time owns or controls.
"Personal Data"
means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (a "data subject"); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
"Process"
or
"Processed"
or
"Processing"
means any operation or set of operations performed upon Personal Data, including collection, recording, retention, sharing, organization, storage, access, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure, dissemination, making available, alignment, combination, blocking, deleting, erasure, or destruction.
2. PayPal as a Controller
PayPal shall comply with the requirements of the Data Protection Laws applicable to Controllers in respect of the Processing of Customer Data under this Addendum (including without limitation, by implementing and maintaining at all times all appropriate security measures in relation to the Processing of Customer Data) and shall not knowingly do anything or permit anything to be done with respect to the Customer Data that likely would lead to a breach by Merchant of the Data Protection Laws. PayPal shall only transfer Customer Data to third parties, sub-processors or members of the PayPal Group who shall sign written agreements which contain terms for the protection of Customer Data, which are no less protective than the terms set out in this Addendum.
3. Processing of Customer Data in Connection with the Payment Services
The parties acknowledge and agree that Merchant and PayPal are each independent Controllers in respect of all Customer Data Processed in connection with the Payment Services. As such, PayPal independently determines the purpose and the means of the Processing of such Customer Data and is not a joint Controller with Merchant with respect to such Customer Data. The parties acknowledge and agree that PayPal is permitted to use, reproduce and Process Customer Data and payment transaction data for the following limited purposes:
as reasonably necessary to provide and improve the Payment Services to Merchant and Merchant’s Customers, including fraud protection tools;
to monitor, prevent, and detect fraudulent payment transactions and to prevent harm to Merchant, PayPal, and to third parties,
to comply with legal or regulatory obligations applicable to the Processing and retention of payment data to which PayPal is subject, including applicable anti-money laundering and identity verification obligations;
to analyze, develop, and improve PayPal’s products and services;
internal usage, including but not limited to, data analytics and metrics;
to compile and disclose Customer Data and payment transaction data in the aggregate where Merchant’s individual or Customer Data is not identifiable, including calculating Merchant’s averages by region or industry;
complying with applicable legal requirements and assisting law enforcement agencies by responding to requests for the disclosure of information in accordance with laws; and
any other purpose that it notifies Merchant so long as such purpose is in accordance with Data Protection Laws.
4. Merchant Notice to Customers
Merchant shall (i) notify Customers in their privacy policy that PayPal is an independent Controller for the purpose of Processing Customer Data and (ii) include a link to the PayPal privacy statement available at
braintreepayments.com
in Merchant’s privacy policy.
5. Mutual Assistance
The parties agree to co-operate with each other to the extent reasonably necessary to enable the other party to adequately discharge their responsibility as an independent Controller under Data Protection Laws. The parties agree that to the extent Merchant receives a subject access request or any exercise by a Customer of its rights under Data Protection Laws, Merchant shall respond to such Customer’s access request directly. Merchant also shall inform the Customer that they may exercise their data subject rights in connection with the Payment Services with PayPal according to the instructions described in the Privacy Statement available at
www.paypal.com
. In addition, if in connection with any security incident, PayPal determines in its sole discretion that it must notify affected Customers and PayPal does not have the necessary contact information about an affected Customer to make such communication, then Merchant shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide PayPal with information about Customers that Merchant may possess for the limited purpose of PayPal’s compliance with applicable notification obligations regarding affected Customers under Data Protection Laws.
6. Cross Border Data Transfers
We each agree that PayPal may transfer Customer Data Processed under the Addendum outside the country where it was collected as necessary to provide the Payment Services. If PayPal transfers Customer Data protected under this Addendum to a jurisdiction for which the applicable regulatory authority for the country in which the data was collected has not issued an adequacy decision (an "Adequacy Decision”), PayPal will ensure that appropriate safeguards have been implemented for the transfer of Customer Data in accordance with the applicable Data Protection Laws. For example, and for purposes of compliance with the GDPR, PayPal relies on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent supervisory authorities and other data transfer mechanisms for transfers of Customer Data within the PayPal Group.
To the extent you transfer Customer Data to a PayPal Group member located in a country that has not received an Adequacy Decisions in respect of your Customers located in the European Union, Switzerland, the Europeans Economic Area, and/or their member states or the United Kingdom, the parties each agree that (i) to the extent applicable, your signing of the Agreement will be deemed to be signature and acceptance of the European Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries pursuant to the GDPR ("EU Transfer Clauses”) and, in case of any transfers of personal data from United Kingdom, it will be deemed to be signature and acceptance of the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU Commission Standard Contractual Clauses issued on 2 February 2022 by the UK Information Commissioner under section 119A(1) Data Protection Act 2018 (the “UK Addendum”), by Merchant, as the data exporter and in the role of controller, (ii) to the extent applicable, the PayPal Group member’s signature of the Agreement will be deemed to be signature and acceptance of the EU Transfer Clauses and, in case of any transfers of personal data from United Kingdom, the UK Addendum by such PayPal Group member, as the data importer and in the role of controller; and (iii) the Parties shall be subject to the Module 1 provisions of the EU Transfer Clauses. In the event the European Commission or the UK Secretary of State (or other applicable UK authorized body) revises and thereafter publishes, respectively, new EU Transfer Clauses or other UK contractual mechanism to be used instead of the UK Addendum to legitimize personal data transfer outside the United Kingdom (“UK Clauses”), the Parties agree that, respectively, such new EU Transfer Clauses or UK Clauses will supersede the present EU Transfer Clauses or UK Addendum, as applicable, and that they will take all such actions required to effect the execution of the new EU Transfer Clauses or UK Clauses, as applicable. The EU Transfer Clauses (Module 1) and, in case of any transfers of personal data from United Kingdom, the UK Addendum will each be incorporated into the Agreement by reference and will be considered duly executed between the Parties upon entering into force of this Agreement subject to the following details:
A) EU Transfer Clauses
in case of any transfers of personal data from Switzerland, subject exclusively to the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection and other data protection laws of Switzerland (“Swiss Data Protection Laws”), general and specific references in the EU Transfer Clauses to: (a) Regulation (EU) 2016/679 or EU or Member State Law, shall have the same meaning as the equivalent reference in the Swiss Data Protection Laws; and (b) “Member State” or “EU Member State” or “EU” shall be read as references to Switzerland;
in accordance with Clause 13 (Supervision), the competent Supervisory Authority shall be the (i) the National Commission for Data Protection (CNDP) in Luxembourg, or (ii) where the data exporter is established in Switzerland or falls within the territorial scope of application of the Swiss Data Protection Laws, Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner insofar as the relevant data transfer is governed by Swiss Data Protection Laws;
option 1 of Clause 17 (Governing law) shall apply and the laws of Luxembourg shall govern the EU Transfer Clauses;
in accordance with Clause 18 (Choice of forum and jurisdiction), the courts of Luxembourg will resolve any dispute arising out of the EU Transfer Clauses; and
the Parties agree that the details required under the EU Transfer Clauses Appendix are as set forth in Attachment 1.
B) UK Addendum
Part 1 - Tables:
Table 1 “Parties” shall be: (a) the Merchant as data exporter and (b) PayPal as data importer, both with registered address, official registration number and key contacts (full name, job title, contact details) as provided in the Agreement and signature and start date as set out in these EU Transfer Clauses;
under Table 2 “Selected SCCs, Modules and Selected Clauses”, the UK Addendum is appended to the EU Transfer Clauses issued on 4 June 2021 including the Appendix Information;
Table 3 “Appendix Information” will be the information as set out in the Appendix of the EU Transfer Clauses, which is incorporated under Attachment 1; and
with reference to Table 4 “Ending of this addendum when Approved Addendum Changes,” the ability to end the UK Addendum shall be applied to either Party provided the Agreement is terminated at the same time, or upon agreement by both Parties.
Part 2 - Mandatory Clauses of the Approved Addendum, being the template Addendum B.1.0 issued by the ICO and laid before Parliament in accordance with s119A of the Data Protection Act 2018 on 2 February 2022, as it is revised under Section ‎‎18 of those Mandatory Clauses.
It is understood that the EU Transfer Clauses and the UK Addendum as set out above shall only apply to transfers of Personal Data that, in the absence of the application of the same would cause either party to breach applicable Data Protection Laws.
Attachment 1
Appendix to the EU Transfer Clauses
A) The following is applicable, to the extent required, under the EU Transfer Clauses
Annex 1.A. List of Parties
Data Exporter
Name and Address: The data exporter is the Merchant, and the address is as provided in the Agreement
Contact person’s name, position and contact details: as provided in the Agreement
Activities relevant to the data transferred under the Standard Contractual Clause: as provided in the Agreement
Signature and date: please see the "Cross Border Transfers” section of this Addendum
Role (controller/processor): controller
Data Importer
Name and Address: The data importer is the member of the PayPal Group providing the services pursuant to the Agreement and the address is as provided in the Agreement
Contact person’s name, position and contact details: as provided in the Agreement
Activities relevant to the data transferred under the Standard Contractual Clause: as provided in the Agreement Signature and date: please see the "Cross Border Transfers” section of this Addendum
Role (controller/processor): controller
Annex 1.B. Description of Transfer
Data subjects Whose Personal Data is Transferred
The personal data transferred concern the following categories of data subjects:
The data exporter’s customers, employees and other business contacts.
Categories of data
The personal data transferred may include the following categories of data:
Name, amount to be charged, date/time, bank account details, payment card details, CVC code, post code, country code, address, email address, fax, phone, website, expiry data, shipping details, tax status, unique customer identifier, IP Address, location, and any other data received by PayPal under the Agreement.
Sensitive data (if appropriate) and Applied Restrictions or Safeguards
The personal data transferred concern the following categories of sensitive data:
Not applicable, unless Merchant configures the service to capture such data. Applies restrictions and safeguards:
Not applicable, unless Merchant configures the service to capture such data.
Nature of the Processing
As set forth in the Agreement.
Purposes of the transfer(s)
The transfer is made for the following purposes:
Performance of the services provided by data importer to data exporter in accordance with the Agreement.
To identify fraudulent activity and risk that is, or may, affect the data importer, the data exporter or other customers of the data importer.
To comply with laws applicable to the data importer.
As set forth in the Data Protection Addendum.
The Period for which the Personal Data will be Retained, or, if that is not Possible, the Criteria Used to Determine that Period
The data importer only retains the personal data for as long as is necessary with regards the relevant purpose(s) it was collected for (please see purposes above). To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, the data importer considers the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal data, the purposes for which the personal data is processed and whether such purposes can be achieved through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
For transfers to (Sub-) Processors, also Specify Subject Matter, Nature and Duration of the Processing
The data importer may share personal data with third-party service providers that perform services and functions at the data importer’s direction and on its behalf. These third-party service providers may, for example, provide an element of the services provided under the Agreement such as customer verification, transaction processing or customer support, or provide a service to the data importer that supports the services provided under the agreement such as storage. When determining the duration of the processing undertaken by the third-party service providers, the data importer applies the criteria provided above in this Annex1.B.
Annex 1.C. Supervisory Authority
In accordance with Clause 13(a) of the EU Transfer Clauses, the supervisory authority with responsibility for ensuring compliance by the data exporter with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 as regards the data transfer, as indicated shall act as competent supervisory authority.
Annex II. Technical and Organisations Measures Including Technical and Organisational Measures to Ensure the Security of the Data
1. Pseudonymization, Encryption and the Protection of Data During Transmission.
PayPal’s policies ensure compliance with this principle and require the use of technical controls to prevent the risk of disclosure of personal data. PayPal employs encryption in transit and at rest for all personal data. We also employ industry standard pseudonymization techniques, such as tokenization to protect personal data where applicable. PayPal has comprehensive policies that provide key obligations and processes to protect data when it is transferred within the enterprise and externally with third parties.
2. Change Management and Business Continuity.
PayPal’s robust change management process protects the ongoing availability and resiliency of data and systems throughout their lifecycle by ensuring that changes are planned, approved, executed, and reviewed appropriately. The Company’s business continuity management process provides a framework for building organizational resilience with the capability of an effective response that safeguards the interests of its key stakeholders.
3. Disaster Recovery.
PayPal’s robust disaster recovery program has processes for recovering information or technology systems in the event of any significant disruption, focusing on the IT systems that support critical business processes and customer activities. PayPal’s technology infrastructure is housed in multiple secure data centers, with primary and secondary capability, each equipped with network and security infrastructure, dedicated application and database servers and storage.
4. Regular Testing, Assessment and Evaluating Effectiveness of Technical and Organizational measures.
PayPal regularly plans, executes and reports on the results of the Company’s testing program to assess and evaluate the effectiveness of its technological and organizational measures. The program is managed through our enterprise risk and compliance team who work with relevant stakeholders to obtain and evaluate information required for testing, reporting and remediating as necessary.
5. User Identification and Authorization.
PayPal’s access management processes require users to log into the corporate network using a unique corporate network account ID and password for user identification and authentication before accessing any other in-scope applications. Automated policies regarding password composition, length, change, reuse, and lockout are applied. Role-based access and approvals, which are certified quarterly, are implemented across all in-scope systems to enforce least privileged principle.
6. Physical Security of Locations Where Personal Data is Processed.
PayPal global safety and security policies and processes set forth the requirements necessary to facilitate sounds safety and security processes, including physical security, in accordance with applicable laws, regulations and partner requirements. Special emphasis is placed on security systems and safeguards when constructing special or sensitive areas such as mail rooms, equipment storage, shipping and receiving areas, computer/server rooms, communications vaults or classified document/information storage areas in accordance with the Company’s information security handling standard.
7. Events Logging and Configuration.
PayPal has outlined and defined event logging and monitoring types and attributes. The Company collects and aggregates several types of logs to the centralized security monitoring system. Standard configuration management control is in place to ensure logs are collected from the systems, and then forwarded to our centralized security monitoring system. PayPal policies and supporting processes set forth that system configuration and hardening baselines must be implemented across all systems.
8. IT Governance and Management; Certification and Assurance of Processes and Products.
PayPal promotes a strong security philosophy across the Company. Our Chief Information Security Officer oversees information security across our global enterprise. As part of our Enterprise Risk and Compliance Management Program, our Technology Oversight and Information Security Program is designed to support the Company in managing technology and information security risks and identifying, protecting, detecting, responding to and recovering from information security threats. PayPal certifies and assures its processes and products through a variety of enterprise programs, including (i) audits and assessments of PayPal’s technical industry standard obligations including but not limited to, ISO 27001, Payment Card Industry’s (PCI) applicable standards (DSS, PIN, P2PE, etc.) and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) SOC-1 and SOC-2, (ii) Risk Control Identification Process (RCIP) which ensures early engagement and a standard approach to the measurement, management, and monitoring of risk associated with the development and release of product solutions, (iii) privacy impact assessments which are integrated into the early stages of the product and software development processes, and (iv) a comprehensive third party management program, which provides assurance through continuous management of risks throughout the lifecycle of an engagement with a third party.
9. Data Minimization.
Our policies require, through technical controls, that data elements collected and generated are those which are adequate, relevant, and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed. PayPal’s privacy impact assessment processes ensure compliance with these policies.
10. Data Quality and Retention.
PayPal’s access and quality policy ensures that all personal data is correct, complete, and up to date, enabling individual users to access the system to correct and modify their particulars (e.g., address, contact details etc.), and, where a request for correction is received from a data subject, to provide a service which delivers their right to correction. Our data governance program monitors data quality, issues and remediations, as necessary. We require that all data be classified according to its business value with assigned retention periods, which is based upon PayPal’s legal, regulatory, and business recordkeeping requirements. Upon expiration of the retention period, data and information is disposed, deleted, or destroyed.
11. Accountability.
PayPal has developed a set of information security, technology, data governance, third party management and privacy policies and principles that are aligned to industry standards and designed to engage stakeholder collaboration and partnership in awareness and compliance with such policies and controls across the organization to ensure participation and accountability from the top down across the organization. Each program defines accountabilities for cross-functional data related decisions, processes and controls. As a data controller, PayPal is responsible for and demonstrates compliance with the relevant articles carrying an accountability obligation in the GDPR and other applicable data protection laws through the implementation of a privacy program policy and an underlying layered organizational and technical control structure to ensure enterprise-wide compliance with privacy law, regulation, policy, and procedures. These include being able to demonstrate compliance with the data protection laws through: 1) a strong culture of compliance, 2) an enterprise risk and compliance governance structure which includes management committees, oversight roles, privacy reporting, 3) business function accountability for compliance with the privacy program including establishment, documentation and maintenance of business processes and controls, 4) a global privacy department within the Enterprise Compliance Organization to oversee business compliance with the privacy program and define policies, standards, procedures, and tools which are operationalized by business functions, 5) communications to the enterprise by the global privacy function to promote awareness and understanding of privacy, 6) Enterprise Risk and Compliance Management Framework to ensure the use of consistent processes including privacy impact assessments, privacy monitoring and testing, privacy issue management, privacy training, annual privacy plan, and 7) reporting and analysis to management committees which oversee the Privacy Program.
12. Data Subject Rights.
PayPal has a program in place to ensure data subject rights are fulfilled, including access, correction and erasure. Data erasure requests are fulfilled unless PayPal has a legal, regulatory obligation or other legitimate business reason to retain it. PayPal’s policies ensures that erasure occurs throughout the customer lifecycle.
13. Processors.
PayPal has a comprehensive third-party management program, which provides assurance through continuous management of risks throughout the lifecycle of an engagement with a third party. We have contractual controls in place to require our processors and their subprocessors to put in place comprehensive data security and privacy standards throughout the processing chain. All subprocessors must require our advance approval before being engaged.
Sub-policy 1
https://commerce.coinbase.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Thousands of global merchants trust Coinbase Commerce:
Why merchants choose Coinbase Commerce
Coinbase Commerce is the most seamless way to start accepting crypto payments.

Easy onboarding:
Accept your first payment in minutes with simplified onboarding or out-of-the-box integrations with platforms like WooCommerce, Primer, and Jumpseller.

Volatility-free conversions:
Coinbase Commerce automatically converts your client’s chosen currency to USDC.

Instant settlement:
Receive funds directly in your wallet while ensuring instant, error-free payments.

Reduced operational costs:
no chargebacks to manage and a low 1% transaction fee.
Why your customers will love it
Coinbase Commerce allows your customers to connect their wallet and pay in their preferred currency. Simple as that.

Hundreds of currencies, multiple wallets
.
Customers can pay with their preferred wallet and currency across Base, Ethereum, and Polygon.

Pre-configured payment.
Commerce shares payment information directly with their wallet, removing any need for manual data entry.

Instant payment confirmation.
Real-time transaction validation for immediate customer assurance.
Built on our Onchain Payment Protocol
An
open source universal standard
we've developed to unify and simplify crypto payments. Enables a consistent experience for all users, irrespective of their platform or wallet choice. Integrate easily into your app.
Integrate crypto payments with a few lines of code
Commerce API and documentation make it easy to get started.
Read the docs
Join our Developer Discord
Integrated with
Contact us
Are you an enterprise business looking to learn more or talk with our team? Please submit an interest form to get in touch.
Contact sales
No representation or warranty is made, express or implied, with respect to the future performance of any digital asset, financial instrument or other market or economic measure. Recipients should consult their advisors before making any investment decision. Coinbase, Inc. is not registered or licensed in any capacity with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission. View our
privacy policy
for additional information.
We use cookies and similar technologies on our websites to enhance and tailor your experience, analyze our traffic, and for security and marketing. Select "Accept All" to allow Coinbase and its trusted affiliates and partners to use cookies and similar technologies or click
Manage Settings
to individually select which cookies you allow. You can withdraw your consent at any time. For more information see our
Cookie Policy
.
Close
Accept all
Sub-policy 2
https://razorpay.com/privacy/:
We're hiring!
Payments
ONLINE PAYMENTS
Razorpay Payment Suite
Accept Payments Online
Payment Aggregator
Accepting payments made easy for businesses
Payment Gateway
Payments on your Website & App
Payment Links
Create & send links to collect money
Payment Pages
Get paid with personalized pages
Payment Buttons
Create, Copy and Collect in 5 mins
QR Codes
Multi-feature QR for your business
Instant Settlement
Customer payments settled faster
Magic Checkout
NEW
Improve Order Conversions & Reduce RTOs
Smart Collect
Automate NEFT, RTGS, IMPS payments
Subscriptions
Collect recurring subscription payments
International Payments
Accept payments from across the globe
Accept Payments Offline
Razorpay POS
NEW
Accept Payments In-Store
With Power Add Ons
Payments on WhatsApp
NEW
Accept payments within WhatsApp chat
Optimizer
NEW
Manage multiple payment gateways
Partner Apps
App Store
Find right app for your business
Payment aggregation services provided by Razorpay Software Private Limited (RSPL) - An RBI Authorised Online Payment Aggregator
Payment aggregation services provided by Razorpay Software Private Limited (RSPL) - An RBI Authorised Online Payment Aggregator
Payment Aggregator
Payment Gateway
Payment Links
Payment Buttons
OFFLINE PAYMENTS
Razorpay POS
Explore Payment Suite
Banking+
RAZORPAY X - BANKING SUITE
Razorpay Banking Suite
BUSINESS BANKING PLUS
RazorpayX
Business Banking Supercharged for disruptors
Source to Pay
NEW
Integrated procurement to payables solution
Payouts
24x7, Instant & Automated Payouts
Payout Links
Send money without recipient account details
View Live Demo
See RazorpayX in action, no signup required!
Current Account
Supercharged for businesses
Escrow+ Account
NEW
Escrow account for digital-first businesses
Forex/FDI Transfers
NEW
Expert-led service to bring foreign currency
Bank Account Verification
New
Instantly verify Bank Account, UPI ID or IFSC
Tax Payments
Pay your business taxes in under 30 seconds
Lending Tech Stack
Fully compliant, 10-second disbursals
Corporate Cards
NEW
Streamline your business expenses
DIGITAL LENDING
Razorpay Capital
Get money for your business needs
START YOUR BUSINESS
Company Registration
Simplify your business incorporation journey
Business Banking+ is operated under RZPX Private Limited where the banking services are provided by scheduled commercial banks.
Digital Lending is operated under Razorpay Tech Solutions Private Limited, a Lending Service Provider to Regulated Entities authorised by RBI.
Business Banking+ is operated under RZPX Private Limited where the banking services are provided by scheduled commercial banks.
Digital Lending is operated under Razorpay Tech Solutions Private Limited, a Lending Service Provider to Regulated Entities authorised by RBI.
Current Account
Source to Pay
Corporate Cards
Explore Banking Suite
Pricing
Payroll
Engage
Engage
Partners
Partners
Partner Program
Embedded Payments
New
Accounting Partners
Explore Payment Suite
Explore Banking Suite
Pricing
Resources
Log In
Resources
Resources
AWARENESS
Blog
Know about the nitty gritty of Payments, Banking & more!
Learn
Learn about Business Management, Freelance & more!
Events
Learn more about Startups, Products, Sales and Funding
White papers
From data-driven fintech insights to best practices around handling payments
Customer Stories
50,00,000+ businesses powering payments with Razorpay
DEVELOPERS
Developer Docs
Get started with SDKs here
Integrations
30+ platforms that Razorpay supports
API Reference
Official references for the Razorpay APIs
Onboarding APIs
Official references for the Razorpay APIs
SOLUTIONS
SaaS
Multi-channel, Multi-mode Payments Experience
E-commerce
Seamlessly accept, manage and disburse money!
Education
Facilitate learning & growth for your students & customers
BFSI
Solve unique challenges across lending, wealth management, and insurance sectors
Partners
Accept both domestic & international payments from your clients and cutomers!
Freelance
Accept both domestic & international payments from your clients and cutomers!
FREE TOOLS
GST Calculator
The easiest way for businesses to calculate their GST
Online TDS Payment
The easiest way for businesses to Online TDS Details
GST Number Search
The easiest way for businesses to view their GST Details
GST Search by PAN
The easiest way for businesses to view their PAN Details
ROI Calculator
New
Easily assess the returns on your investments in one minute
CAGR Calculator
New
Accurately Calculate the Compounded Growth for your Business or Investment
EBITDA Calculator
New
Instantly Calculate Your Business’s Performance
Explore Payment Suite
Explore Banking Suite
Pricing
Support
Log In
Pricing
Support
Support
RAISE A TICKET
Payments
Banking+
Payroll
POS
Digital Lending
OTHERS
Knowledgebase
Chargeback Guides
Settlement Guides
Explore Payment Suite
Explore Banking Suite
Pricing
Resources
Log In
India
IN
Malaysia
MY
Singapore
SG
Log In
Sign Up
Privacy Policy
Last updated on March 19th, 2024
Introduction to Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (the "
Privacy Policy
") applies to your use of the website of Razorpay hosted at
razorpay.com
, the Services (as defined under the Razorpay "Terms of Use") and Razorpay applications on mobile platforms (Android, Blackberry, Windows Phone, iOS etc.) (collectively ("RAZORPAY" or "WEBSITE")), but does not apply to any third party websites that may be linked to them, or any relationships you may have with the businesses listed on Razorpay.
The terms "
we
", "
our
" and "
us
" refer to
Razorpay
and the terms "
you
", "
your
" and "
User
" refer to you, as a user of
Razorpay
. The term "
Personal Information
" means information that you provide to us which personally identifies you to be contacted or identified, such as your name, phone number, email address, and any other data that is tied to such information. Our practices and procedures in relation to the collection and use of Personal Information have been set-out below in order to ensure safe usage of the Website for you.
We have implemented reasonable security practices and procedures that are commensurate with the information assets being protected and with the nature of our business. While we try our best to provide security that is better than the industry standards, because of the inherent vulnerabilities of the internet, we cannot ensure or warrant complete security of all information that is being transmitted to us by you. By visiting this Website, you agree and acknowledge to be bound by this Privacy Policy and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, process and share your Personal Information in the manner set out herein below. If you do not agree with these terms, do not use the Website.
It is clarified that the terms and conditions that are provided separately, form an integral part of your use of this Website and should be read in conjunction with this Privacy Policy.
Information we collect and how we use it
We collect, receive and store your Personal Information. If you provide your third-party account credentials ("
Third Party Account Information
") to us, you understand that some content and information in those accounts may be transmitted to your account with us if you authorise such transmissions and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to us shall be covered by this Privacy Policy. You may opt to not provide us with certain information, however that will restrict you from registering with us or availing some of our features and services.
We use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the collection of Personal Information is limited to that which is necessary to fulfill the purposes identified below. If we use or plan to use your information in a manner different than the purpose for which it is collected, then we will ask you for your consent prior to such use.
The Personal Information collected will be used only for the purpose of enabling you to use the services provided by us, to help promote a safe service, calibrate consumer interest in our products and services, inform you about online offers and updates, troubleshoot problems, customize User experience, detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity, collect money, enforce our terms and conditions, and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection of such information.
Account information of Merchants
If you create an account to take advantage of the full range of services offered on Razorpay, we ask for and record Personal Information such as your name, email address and mobile number. We may collect and store your Sensitive Personal Data or Information (such as any financial information including inter alia credit card, debit card details, bank account and know your customer ("
KYC
") documents as per RBI regulations and any other information as may be applicable) that the User may opt to save in the User account created with Razorpay]. We use your email address to send you updates, news, and newsletters (if you willingly subscribe to the newsletter during signup, or anytime after signup) and contact you on behalf of other Users (such other Users who send you friend requests, personal messages, or other social collaboration based events). [If you do not want to receive communications from us that are not relevant to you or your use of our services, please click on the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of such e-mails sent to you by us. We use your mobile numbers to send you transaction alerts and SMS alerts based on your preferences. If you do not wish to receive such SMSs from us, please notify us at
razorpay.com/support
to stop receiving SMSs from us. Razorpay assures that your Personal Information will not be made public or sold to any third party.
The User shall have an option to erase any information provided by the User including Personal Information. If a User opts for the said option of erasure, Razorpay shall delete all stored information of the User from its servers.
Customer Information
We also store customer information of customers such as address, mobile number, Third Party Wallet details, Card Details and email address making payments through Razorpay checkouts. However, only when customer chooses to share the information on the businesses powered with Razorpay applications we share the information to respective businesses. However, Razorpay is not liable in any way for any misuse of this information by the business or people related to the businesses to whom the information is shared by the customer.
Activity
We record information relating to your use of Razorpay, such as the searches you undertake, the pages you view, your browser type, IP address, location, requested URL, referring URL, and timestamp information. We use this type of information to administer Razorpay and provide the highest possible level of security and service to you. We also use this information in the aggregate to perform statistical analyses of User behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of Razorpay. However, you cannot be identified from this aggregate information.
We own all the intellectual property rights associated with the Website and its contents. No right, title or interest in any downloaded material is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. The Website is protected by copyright as a collective work and/ or compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all the content on this Website, pursuant to applicable law.
Our logos, product and service marks and/ or names, trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property, whether registered or not ("
Our IP
") are exclusively owned by us. Without our prior written permission, you agree to not display and/ or use Our IP in any manner. Nothing contained in this Website or the content, should be construed as granting, in any way to the User, any license or right or interest whatsoever, in and/ or to Our IP, without our express written permission.
Cookies
We send cookies to your computer in order to uniquely identify your browser and improve the quality of our service. The term "cookies" refers to small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer's hard drive while you are viewing the site. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). Persistent cookies can be removed by following your browser help file directions. If you choose to disable cookies, some areas of Razorpay may not work properly or at all. Razorpay uses third party tools, who may collect anonymous information about your visits to Razorpay using cookies, and interaction with Razorpay products and services. Such third parties may also use information about your visits to Razorpay products and services and other web sites to target advertisements for Razorpay's products and services. No Personal Information is collected or used in this process. These third parties do not know or have access to the name, phone number, address, email address, or any Personal Information about Razorpay's Users. Razorpay Users can opt-out of sharing this information with third parties by deactivating cookies, the process of which varies from browser to browser. Please refer to the help file of your browser to understand the process of deactivating cookies on your browser.
Enforcement
We may use the information we collect in connection with your use of Razorpay (including your Personal Information) in order to investigate, enforce, and apply our terms and conditions and Privacy Policy.
Transfer of information
We do not share your Personal Information with any third party apart from financial institutions such as banks, RBI or other regulatory agencies (as may be required) and to provide you with services that we offer through Razorpay, conduct quality assurance testing, facilitate creation of accounts, provide technical and customer support, or provide specific services, such as synchronization of your contacts with other software applications, in accordance with your instructions. These third parties are required not to use your Personal Information other than to provide the services requested by you.
We may share your Personal Information with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, the "
Affiliates
") that we may have now or in the future, in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires our company or our assets, that company will possess your Personal Information, and will assume the rights and obligations with respect to that information as described in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (b) enforce or apply our terms and conditions and Privacy Policy; (c) comply with legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order; or (d) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our Users, Affiliates, or the public. Please note that we are not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that we receive.
We may disclose information in the aggregate to third parties relating to User behavior in connection with actual or prospective business relationship with those third parties, such as advertisers and content distributors. For example, we may disclose the number of Users that have been exposed to, or clicked on, advertising banners.
Links
References on this Website to any names, marks, products or services of third parties or hyperlinks to third party websites or information are provided solely for your convenience and do not in any way constitute or imply our endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the third party, information, product or service. Except as set forth herein, we do not share your Personal Information with those third parties, and are not responsible for their privacy practices. We suggest you read the privacy policies on all such third party websites.
User access of Personal Information
As a registered Razorpay User, you can modify some of your Personal Information and your privacy preferences by accessing the "Account" section of this Website.
Security
Your account is password protected. We use industry standard measures to protect the Personal Information that is stored in our database. We follow industry standard best practices on Information Security, as also mentioned in our website. We limit the access to your Personal Information to those employees and contractors who need access to perform their job function, such as our customer service personnel. If you have any questions about the security on Razorpay, please contact us at
disclosures@razorpay.com
.
You hereby acknowledge that Razorpay is not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the internet, and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorized manner.
Terms and modifications to this Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically. These changes will be effective immediately on the Users of Razorpay. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Information, including to provide us with your most current e-mail address.
If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Information, you must notify us promptly that you wish to deactivate your account with us. Continued use of Razorpay after any change/ amendment to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
Applicable law
Your use of this Website will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India. The Users agree that any legal action or proceedings arising out of your use may be brought exclusively in the competent courts/ tribunals having jurisdiction in Bengaluru in India and irrevocably submit themselves to the jurisdiction of such courts/ tribunals.
Complaints and Grievance Redressal
If you contact us to provide feedback, register a complaint, or ask a question, we will record any Personal Information and other content that you provide in your communication so that we can effectively respond to your communication. Any complaints or concerns in relation to your Personal Information or content of this Website or any dispute or breach of confidentiality or any proprietary rights of User during use of the Website or any intellectual property of any User should be immediately informed to the Grievance cum Nodal Officer at the co-ordinates mentioned below in writing or by way of raising a grievance ticket through the hyperlink mentioned below:
DPO
Mr. SHASHANK KARINCHETI
Razorpay Software Private Limited
Address: No. 22, 1st Floor, SJR Cyber, Laskar - Hosur Road, Adugodi, Bangalore - 560030
Ph: 080-46669555
E-mail:
dpo@razorpay.com
Grievances portal:
https://razorpay.com/grievances/
Sub-policy 3
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
JavaScript is required to view this content.
Something went wrong.
The content for this page did not load correctly. Reload the page to try again.
Reload Page
Sub-policy 4
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 5
https://www.dlocal.com/legal/privacy-notice/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our
Privacy Policy
.
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept
Decline
Privacy Hub
UK and EEA
Privacy Notice
Last Update:
May 2024 -
Previous version
THIS IS THE PRIVACY NOTICE OF THE DLOCAL GROUP COMPANIES ESTABLISHED WITHIN THE EEA AND THE UK
Your privacy is very important to us. We are committed to the protection of your  personal data, and the purpose of this Privacy Notice is to inform you about the way we process your  personal data, including references to which data we process, how, why, and for how long, together with information about your rights as a Data Subject.
This Privacy Notice (together with our Terms and Conditions available
HERE
, and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any  personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. This Privacy Notice also sets out how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that personal data, as well as the procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
It is important that you read this Privacy Notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your personal data. This Privacy Notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
1. IMPORTANT INFORMATION
The dLocal group provides its services to the Customers via different entities. For more information, please click
HERE
.
Each of these dLocal Entities are separate data controllers but are collectively referred to in this Privacy Notice as “
dLocal
”, "
we
" or “
our
” or “
us
”.
Individuals from which we collect personal data (the “Data Subjects”)
In this Privacy Notice, “
you
” or “
your
” means an individual who is the subject of  personal data we process as a data controller, which would typically be: (i) the visitors of our website at
www.dlocal.com
(our “
Website
”); (ii) the representatives of merchants and other payment providers (our “
Customers
”) who interact with us and access our Merchant Dashboard to receive our payment processing services; (iii) representatives of third party service providers who interact with us to fulfil their contractual obligations with us.
In addition, we also process as a data controller personal data about buyers or beneficiaries of our Customers (“
End-Users
”) or business customers of our Customers (“
Sub-Merchants
”) for limited purposes (as indicated in section 3 of this Privacy Notice).
Otherwise, as far as End-User and Sub-Merchants’ personal data is concerned, we generally act as a data processor on behalf of our Customers.
For the purpose of this Privacy Notice, “
Data Protection Legislation”
means: In the EEA: (1) the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (the “
EU GDPR
”) and any other data protection legislation applicable within the EEA; (2) in the UK: (i) the UK Data Protection Act 2018; and (ii) the GDPR as amended and adopted by UK law by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “
UK GDPR
”). Legal terms related to data protection used in this Privacy Notice follow the definition provided by the mentioned legislations.
2. INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT (OR RECEIVE) ABOUT YOU
How is your personal data collected:
Direct interactions.
You may give us your Identity and Contact Data (as defined below) by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by available channels. This includes personal data you provide as a representative of a Customer or a prospective Customer when you:
apply for or enquire about our products or services;
interact with us in connection with our services or our relationship with the Customer you represent;
create a Customer user account on our payment processing service platform (“Merchant Dashboard”) to receive our services; or
subscribe to our service or publications.
Website and Merchant Dashboard usage.
When you browse on our website or our Merchant Dashboard, we process Technical Data (defined below). We use this data for our legitimate interests of making sure our website and Merchant Dashboard work properly. This includes debugging, DDOS mitigation, improvement of the user experience, and performing statistical analyses for optimizing the quality of our website and dashboard. Please see our Cookies Policy
HERE
for further details.
SmartFields, Mobile Checkout, Payment Links, Payout Links and Invoice Collection solutions.
When you purchase goods or services or receive payments from and to dLocal’s Customers which have chosen one of the solutions indicated above for payment collection and disbursement, it is most likely you will be providing your personal data directly to dLocal.
Due Diligence.
When you apply to become a Customer of dLocal or you operate as Sub-Merchant under a dLocal’s Customer, we require that you provide Personal Data as detailed in this paragraph but not limited to this description.  For regulatory reasons, we may request name, postal address, telephone number, and email address to fulfill our financial partner and regulatory requirements. We may also collect financial and personal information about you, such as your ownership interest in the company, your status of director or officer, your date of birth and government identifiers associated with you and your business (such as your social security number, tax number, or Employer Identification Number), bank account information. We may also perform biometric checks.
Third parties or publicly available sources.
We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources, when we perform background checks, fraud prevention checks, ID checks and other “Know Your Customer” we need to perform on our Customer’s representatives to comply with applicable financial services standards and requirements and to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, last name, username, ID document number;
Contact Data
includes, contact details billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers;
Technical Data
includes your internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, Google Analytics ID, internet browser and device type, time zone setting, location data and your use of our website, including which pages you visited, how you got to our Website, the time and length of your visit and your language preferences;
Profile Data
includes the username and password of our Customer’s representatives when they log in the Merchant Dashboard;
Marketing and Communications Data
includes
your name, position and business details and includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences; and
Financial Data
includes card data, bank account data, fiscal information
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will
not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate the Technical Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website or Merchant Dashboard’s feature.
We may collect Special Categories of personal data about you: this includes biometric data collected as part of the due diligence process for some of our Customers. Also, we collect biometric data to confirm the identity of Sub-Merchants. We may also collect information about criminal convictions and offences but only in the context of fraud or security checks when this is necessary to comply with applicable laws or with any applicable financial services standards or requirements.
3. HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
We may process your personal data for one or more lawful bases of processing (
“Lawful Basis”
) depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data (see below).
In accordance with this Privacy Notice dLocal may use your personal data in order to:
provide the services you request from us (
Lawful Basis: to comply with our legal obligations and performance of our contract with you);
verify your identity or conduct appropriate checks for credit worthiness or fraud (
Lawful Basis: to comply with our legal obligations and necessary for our legitimate interests
);
understand your needs in order to provide you with the products and services you require (
Lawful Basis: performance of our contract with you
);
administer and manage our services, including billing for the services provided and debt collection (
Lawful Basis: performance of our contract with you, to comply with our legal obligations and necessary for our legitimate interests
);
distribute information, newsletters, publications and other communication via various mediums to keep you informed (
Lawful Basis: your consent, performance of our contract with you and necessary for our legitimate interests
);
research and develop new product offerings and services (
Lawful Basis: performance of our contract with you and necessary for our legitimate interests
);
manage and conduct our business and the services we provide to our Customers (
Lawful Basis: performance of our contract with you and necessary for our legitimate interests
);
make sure our website works properly, including debugging, to be able to deliver you its content, for DDOS mitigation on our website, and improving our website and performing statistical analyses (
Lawful Basis: necessary for our legitimate interests
);
provide you with personal offers tailored to your needs and customising what we show you to your preferences, with your prior consent (
Lawful Basis: performance of our contract with you and necessary for our legitimate interests
);
effectively communicate with third parties (
Lawful Basis: your consent, performance of our contract with you and necessary for our legitimate interests
); and
as required or authorised by applicable law (
Lawful Basis: to comply with our legal obligations)
.
End-Users and Sub-Merchants
Our relationship with End-Users and Sub-Merchants is indirect and we largely only process Personal Data about them for providing the Services to our Customers and in accordance with our Customers’ instructions. In that context, Dlocal would be considered as a data processor acting on behalf of the Customer and relying on the authorisation given to it by the Customer to process End-User and Sub-Merchants Personal Data. Our processing in those circumstances is also governed by a contract with the Customer. Therefore, if you are an End-User or Sub-Merchant who has a relationship with one of our Customers, you should also refer to its privacy notice, as it is likely to be relevant to you and would contain information on how to contact them if you have queries about their use of your Personal Data or if you wish to exercise your data protection rights.
Notwithstanding our general role as a data processor for our Customers, there are certain instances where we process End-User and Sub-Merchant Personal Data as a data controller, which we do for the following limited purposes:
to conduct, as needed, fraud and other risk management and prevention, and to comply with any mandatory reporting related to such activities (
Lawful Basis: to comply with our legal obligations or necessary for our legitimate interests);
to comply with our statutory, regulatory and/or professional obligations, including any record-keeping obligations which we may have at law (
Lawful Basis: to comply with our legal obligations)
; and
to ensure the proper provision of the services for which you are either a recipient or beneficiary through our Customer and to exercise, or defend ourselves against, legal claims (
Lawful Basis: necessary for our legitimate interests, including as to the reputation of our business or as pertaining to legal claims)
.
In the context of those limited activities, we act as a data controller and therefore parts of this Privacy Notice would be relevant to you as an End-User or Sub-Merchant. Information on how to contact us for further information, or exercise your legal rights as a data subject, are set out at the end of this Privacy Notice.
Due to changes in the law or to our business, from time to time, we may need to, as a data controller, process your Personal Data for additional purposes beyond those set out above. In such case, we will either update this Privacy Notice or issue a dedicated privacy notice covering the specific occasion, depending on what is most appropriate to do in the circumstances.
4. WHEN WE MAY DISCLOSE THE PERSONAL DATA
Your information may, for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, be disclosed for processing to:
our employees, our affiliates and their employees. For instance, dLocal will share your information with other Dlocal affiliates for the purpose of the provision of our services or when such affiliates provide support services to dLocal;
our third-party consultants, (sub-)contractors, suppliers or other service providers who may access your personal information when providing services to us (including but not limited to IT support services). (This includes information technology experts who design and host our Website and Dashboard, and general service companies);
auditors or contractors or other advisers auditing, assisting with or advising on any of our business purposes;
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our Website and Merchant Dashboard;
our successors in title, our prospective sellers or buyers of our business or to our Affiliates when we have a merger or re-organisation;
government bodies and law enforcement agencies and in response to other legal and regulatory requests;
any third-party where such disclosure is required in order to enforce or apply our Website Terms or other relevant agreements; and
protect the rights, property, integrity or security of our company, our customers, or others (including, without limitation, you). This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where your details are provided to any other party in accordance with an express purpose, we will require them to be kept safe and secure your personal data and only use it for the intended purpose.
5. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
dLocal serves customers globally. Accordingly, your personal data may be shared with other Dlocal affiliates outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the UK, when this is necessary for the purposes mentioned in this Privacy Notice. These countries include the countries in which we have operations. It also includes the countries in which some of our service providers are located.
To protect your personal data when these are transferred to countries outside of the EEA or the UK, we have implemented appropriate safeguards. The transfer of personal data from the EEA or the UK to non-adequate countries is protected by adequate safeguards such as EU and UK approved Standard Contractual Clauses.
6. WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU DON’T PROVIDE THE REQUESTED PERSONAL DATA
If we are unable to collect personal data from or about you, or if the personal data provided is incomplete or inaccurate, dLocal may not be able to assist you, including providing the products or services you are seeking or provide support or assist you with your queries.
7. SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA
The Internet is not a secure medium. However, we have put in place a range of security procedures, as set out in this Privacy Notice.  Where you have been allocated a profile in the Merchant Dashboard, this area is protected by your username and password, which you should never divulge to anyone else.
Please be aware that communications over the Internet, such as emails/webmails, are not secure unless they have been encrypted. Your communications may route through a number of countries before being delivered. This is the nature of the World Wide Web/Internet. We cannot accept responsibility for any unauthorised access or loss of personal information that is beyond our control.
We will use reasonable endeavours to implement appropriate policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control (having regard to the type and amount of that data) from unauthorised access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorised modification, unlawful destruction or accidental loss.
We will ensure that your information will not be disclosed to government institutions or authorities except if required by law (e.g., when requested by regulatory bodies or law enforcement organisations in accordance with applicable legislation).
8. COOKIES
dLocal uses cookies to store and collect information about your use of our Website. Cookies are small text files stored by the browser on your equipment's hard drive. They send information stored on them back to our web server when you access our Website or Merchant Dashboard. These cookies enable us to put in place personal settings and load your personal preferences to improve your experience. You can find out more about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org, and more about the cookies we use on our “Cookies Policy” available on our Website
HERE.
9. YOUR RIGHTS
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that all information we collect, use, or disclose is accurate, complete and up to date. Please contact us if your details change or if you believe the information we have about you is not accurate or complete.
In some instances, you may also have the rights to:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new information you provide to us.
Request erasure of your Personal Data.
This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which do not override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your Personal Data
to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case.
How to exercise your rights.
Please click on this
LINK
and fill out the form to submit your request. This is the preferred channel to submit a request and exercise your rights. Requests submitted through other channels may require you to provide additional information to enable us dealing with the request.
What we may require from you.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity before starting to work on your request We may also contact you to ask for further information in relation to your request.
Time limit to respond.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month starting from the date your identity is deemed to be confirmed. Occasionally it may take us longer that a month if your request is particularly complex, or you have made several requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
No fee usually required.
All communication and all actions taken by dLocal regarding your rights described above are provided free of charge. dLocal reserves the right, in the case of clearly unfounded or unreasonable requests, to either take out a reasonable fee covering the administrative costs of providing the information or taking the requested action or refusing to fulfil the requested action.
10. HOW LONG WE KEEP PERSONAL DATA
We will only retain your personal data for as long as you have agreed to it or when is necessary to us to provide you with our services or fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
We will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify personal data that is no longer needed for any purpose that is permitted by Data Protection Legislations.
For instance, by law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including contact, identity, financial and transaction data). To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of Your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
11. Contact Details
We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this Privacy Notice. If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact us at by email:
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the applicable supervisory authority for data protection issues: the Information and Data Protection Commissioner of Malta (
https://idpc.org.mt
) for the EEA and the Information Commissioner’s Office of the UK (
https://ico.org.uk/
) (as applicable).
We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO or the IDPC (as applicable) so please contact us in the first instance.
12. CHANGES
We reserve the right to amend or edit this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect changes in dLocal’s business or practices, and we encourage you to review this Privacy Notice periodically. We may change the Privacy Notice at any time by posting the changed Privacy Notice on the dLocal website. If the changes are material, we will include a notice on the dLocal website homepage indicating that a change has been made.
Seeking international growth opportunities?
Discover how to succeed in emerging markets with our Payments Handbook.
Gain access today!
Essentials
Access country-specific handbooks to
accelerate your business expansion.
Start Exploring Now
Sub-policy 6
https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/index.html:
Terms
Privacy Center
Back
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
Back
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Back
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Terms
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 2024
About Yahoo
Yahoo, previously known as Verizon Media, is a technology and media company that provides a range of services. We serve our consumers, partners, advertisers and talent through our portfolio of digital platforms, products and services offered under our AOL, Yahoo and other
brands
.
We provide control tools to help you manage your experience with us. If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy. If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the
legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy
or
legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL)
still apply to your account. For Yahoo products or services that are accessed without signing in to an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as of May 25, 2018. If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply starting today.
Except as set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, when we refer to ‘Yahoo’, it means Yahoo Inc., the US-established company that supplies the Services to you (and acts as data controller of the personal data Yahoo collects when you use those Services).
Our Privacy Pledge
Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Yahoo, its affiliates and its house of global
brands
(“Yahoo,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Yahoo
brands
, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”). Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in
Details for Specific Products and Services
.
Your Controls
We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data, and search history at
Privacy Controls
. Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices. (
See, Details for Specific Products and Services
)
Information Collection and Use - General
Certain categories of information collected by Yahoo are necessary to use our Services, such as the information you must provide when registering for some Services.
We may collect and combine information when you interact with Yahoo Services information outlined below:
Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as:
When you create an account with a Yahoo Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.) Yahoo may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you.
When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).
Yahoo analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services.
When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Yahoo software such as plugins.
When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information.
Device Information.
We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services. This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as
IP address
,
cookie information
, mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data. We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use.
Location Information.
We collect location information from a variety of sources. You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our
Locations page
and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices.
Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.
We collect information when you access content,
advertising
, sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Yahoo data collection technologies (such as
web beacons
, development tools,
cookies and other technologies
, etc.) are present. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners.
This information also includes the content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; cursor and scroll movements on our Services; certain screen interactions and content you input on the Services; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions.
Information from Others.
We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as:
When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter).
From publicly-available sources.
From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings.
When we obtain information from third-parties or
other companies
, such as those that use our Services. This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us.
How We Use This Information
We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes:
Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services.
Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts
photos, attachments, and other communications
). You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Yahoo account by using
Privacy Controls
.
Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you.
Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites.
Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide
targeted advertising
based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information.
Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which
you can also control
.
Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Yahoo Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID.
Carry out or support
promotions
.
Conduct research and support innovation.
Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps,
third-parties
and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information.
Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your
location settings
.
Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or
other companies
, such as your activities on other sites and apps.
Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity.
We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us. For example, you can review or edit your
account information
, manage your
marketing preferences
, or
opt out of targeted ads
. If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you.
If you are located in the European Union or European Economic Area or in the UK (EU/EEA/UK), please see Section 10 “Our Legal Bases for Processing Information” for more information that applies to your use of our Services.
How We Share This Information
Yahoo shares information within its affiliated brands and companies. We also share information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with
third-party apps and widgets
). We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With Your Consent.
We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo when we have your consent.
Within Yahoo.
Information may also be shared within Yahoo, including with other Yahoo Services and affiliates. Yahoo affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.
With Partners.
We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are:
Trusted Partners.
We provide user information to or enable the collection of user information by trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures.
Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to Non-Personally Identifiable Information).
We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or
other companies
. For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do not share personally identifiable information (like phone number or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, ad agencies, or analytics partners.
When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
We allow
other companies
that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices. Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
For Legal and Other Purposes.
We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the
Terms
; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law.
This may include responding to lawful governmental requests. Learn more about how we
evaluate and respond to these requests
.
New Ownership.
If the ownership or control of all or part of Yahoo or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Details for Specific Products and Services
Additional privacy practices for certain Yahoo Services are included
here
.
Information Security and Data Retention
Yahoo has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store.
Yahoo will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the applicable Yahoo Services to you. In some cases, Yahoo has certain business or legal requirements that result in an obligation to retain your personal information for an extended period of time. These obligations may include financial record keeping, ensuring continuity of our products or services, security, fraud, and abuse prevention, or compliance with our legal obligations. In some limited cases, we may keep data for longer than needed for the purposes set out in the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
, such as: (i) replicating or backing up certain data to “offline” storage for disaster recovery purposes; (ii) truncating, redacting or summarizing raw data, log files and database records into statistical aggregate data or probabilistic data structures to understand long term trends; (iii) maintaining de-identified data for varying periods for research, reporting and product testing or development (in these cases, unique identifiers and linkages to existing data about you are broken or removed so that this data is no longer associated with you, your browser, or device); or (iv) keeping and using certain data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements (for example, we might keep data associated with an account subject to litigation or a request from law enforcement). For specific information about your personal information or how your personal information is processed by a particular Yahoo product or service you may interact with, please log into the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
.
Protecting Children’s Privacy
Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have a Yahoo Family Account. Visit
Children's Privacy & Family Accounts
to learn more about children’s privacy at Yahoo.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Information.
We mainly rely on three separate bases to lawfully process your information. First, we need to process your information in certain ways to provide our services to you, in accordance with our Terms of Service. This processing is necessary to perform the contract between you and us. Second, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. Third, in certain cases, we may process your information where necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. Occasionally, Yahoo may rely on other legal bases to process your information, such as to protect a user’s vital interests (such as where there is a risk of imminent harm) or to comply with a legal obligation. Please see our
Legal bases
page for more information.
Data Processing and Transfers
When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside.
Yahoo processes information related to individuals in the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland and receives that information from the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland through various compliance mechanisms, including the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Where appropriate, we also rely on other transfer mechanisms such as data processing agreements based on Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission or the United Kingdom. For more information, please visit our
Data Transfer
page.
The United States and other non-EU/EEA/UK countries have different laws on data protection and rules in relation to government access to information. If you are based in the EU/EEA/UK, when your data is moved from your home country to a third country outside the EU/EEA/UK, some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home country.
Other Important Information
This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Yahoo.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically. If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect.
Questions & Suggestions
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a
feedback form
or you can contact us at:
Yahoo
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
770 Broadway, New York
NY 10003, USA
If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by post to: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Yahoo EMEA, The EXO Building, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01 W5Y2, Ireland.
Our Article 27 Representative can be contacted by email at
YahooGDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie
, or by post at:
MHC GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited
South Bank House
Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland
Recent Updates
May 2018 - update to privacy notice;
October 2019 - Oath to Verizon Media name change;
October 2020 - updates to data transfers and legal bases; and
September 2021 - updates to reflect name change; additional information added regarding data retention;
September 2024 - updates to data transfers.
December 2024 - updates to Information from Cookies and Other Technologies; additional information added regarding data sharing with trusted partners.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Sub-policy 7
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/PrivacyStatement:
This is the Trace Id: 871a71c4f79f979f2444d795d5899718
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Last Updated: March 2025
What's new?
Print
Expand All
Collapse All
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Personal data we collect
How we use personal data
Reasons we share personal data
How to access and control your personal data
Cookies and similar technologies
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
Microsoft account
Collection of data from children
Other important privacy information
Security of personal data
Where we store and process personal data
Our retention of personal data
U.S. State Data Privacy
Advertising
Speech recognition technologies
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Changes to this privacy statement
How to contact us
Product-specific details:
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise online services
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Productivity and communications products
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft Family
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Teams
OneDrive
Outlook
Skype
Surface
Surface Duo
LinkedIn
Search and browse
Bing
Microsoft Edge
Microsoft Translator
SwiftKey
Windows
Activation
Activity history
Advertising ID
Diagnostics
Personalized offers
Feedback Hub
Get Help
Live captions
Location services and recording
Narrator
Phone Link - Link to Windows
Cross-device experiences
Security and safety features
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Sync and backup settings
Update Services
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
Windows AI Features
Windows apps
Windows Hello
Windows Search
Entertainment and related services
Xbox
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Start
Silverlight
Windows Mixed Reality
Cookies
Most Microsoft sites use cookies, small text files placed on your device which web servers utilize in the domain that placed the cookie can retrieve later. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings, help with sign-in, provide personalized ads, and analyze site operations. For more information, see the
Cookies and similar technologies
section of this privacy statement.
EU-U.S., UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
Microsoft complies with the EU-U.S., UK Extension to the EU-U.S., and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks. To learn more, see the
Where we store and process personal data
section, and
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
.
Contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or EU Data Protection Officer, please contact us by using our
web form
. For more information about contacting Microsoft, including Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, see the
How to contact us
section of this privacy statement.
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains the personal data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes it, and for what purposes.
Microsoft offers a wide range of products, including server products used to help operate enterprises worldwide, devices you use in your home, software that students use at school, and services developers use to create and host what’s next. References to Microsoft products in this statement include Microsoft services, websites, apps, software, servers, and devices.
Please read the product-specific details in this privacy statement, which provide additional relevant information. This statement applies to the interactions Microsoft has with you and the Microsoft products listed below, as well as other Microsoft products that display this statement.
Young people may prefer starting with the
Privacy for young people
page. That page highlights information that may be helpful for young people.
For individuals in the United States, please refer to our
U.S. State Data Privacy Notice
and the
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the processing of your personal data, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Personal data we collect
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products. You provide some of this data directly, and we get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experiences with our products. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make, including your privacy settings and the products and features you use. We also obtain data about you from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When we ask you to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data -required to provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you are using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use such data will not work for you.
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products for a variety of purposes described below, including to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences with our products. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you create a Microsoft account, administer your organization’s licensing account, submit a search query to Bing, register for a Microsoft event, upload a document to OneDrive, sign up for Microsoft 365, or contact us for support. We get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experience with our products and communications. In addition, we receive data from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
We rely on a variety of legal reasons and permissions (sometimes called “legal bases”) to process data, including with your consent, a balancing of legitimate interests, necessity to enter into and perform contracts, and compliance with legal obligations, for a variety of purposes described below.
We also obtain data from third parties. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These third-party sources vary over time and include:
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect.
Services that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Communication services, including email providers and social networks, when you give us permission to access your data on such third-party services or networks.
Service providers that help us determine your device’s location.
Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities.
Developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products.
Third parties that deliver experiences through Microsoft products.
Publicly-available sources, such as open public sector, academic, and commercial data sets and other data sources.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When you are asked to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to operate and provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data required to operate and provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you’re using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use the data will not work for you.
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make (including your privacy settings), the products and features you use, your location, and applicable law
.
The data we collect can include the following:
Name and contact data
. Your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials
. Passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Demographic data
. Data about you such as your age, gender, country, and preferred language.
Payment data
. Data to process payments, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number) and the security code associated with your payment instrument.
Subscription and licensing data
. Information about your subscriptions, licenses, and other entitlements.
Interactions
. Data about your use of Microsoft products. In some cases, such as search queries, this is data you provide in order to make use of the products. In other cases, such as error reports, this is data we generate. Other examples of interactions data include:
Device and usage data
. Data about your device and the product and features you use, including information about your hardware and software, how our products perform, as well as your settings. For example:
Payment and account history
. Data about the items you purchase and activities associated with your account.
Browse history
. Data about the webpages you visit.
Device, connectivity, and configuration data
. Data about your device, your device configuration, and nearby networks. For example, data about the operating systems and other software installed on your device, including product keys. In addition, IP address, device identifiers (such as the IMEI number for phones), regional and language settings, and information about WLAN access points near your device.
Error reports and performance data
. Data about the performance of the products and any problems you experience, including error reports. Error reports (sometimes called “crash dumps”) can include details of the software or hardware related to an error, contents of files opened when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device.
Troubleshooting and help data
. Data you provide when you contact Microsoft for help, such as the products you use, and other details that help us provide support. For example, contact or authentication data, the content of your chats and other communications with Microsoft, data about the condition of your device, and the products you use related to your help inquiry. When you contact us, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
Bot usage data
. Interactions with bots and skills available through Microsoft products, including bots and skills provided by third parties.
Interests and favorites
. Data about your interests and favorites, such as the sports teams you follow, the programming languages you prefer, the stocks you track, or cities you add to track things like weather or traffic. In addition to those you explicitly provide, your interests and favorites can also be inferred or derived from other data we collect, such as your interactions on websites where our technology is used to show or measure ads.
Content consumption data
. Information about media content (e.g., TV, video, music, audio, text books, apps, and games) you access through our products.
Searches and commands
. Search queries and commands when you use Microsoft products with search or related productivity functionality, such as interactions with a chat bot.
Voice data
. Your voice data, sometimes referred to as “voice clips”, such as search queries, commands, or dictation you speak, which may include background sounds.
Text, inking, and typing data
. Text, inking, and typing data and related information. For example, when we collect inking data, we collect information about the placement of your inking instrument on your device.
Images
. Images and related information, such as picture metadata. For example, we collect the image you provide when you use a Bing image-enabled service.
Contacts and relationships
. Data about your contacts and relationships if you use a product to share information with others, manage contacts, communicate with others, or improve your productivity.
Social data
. Information about your relationships and interactions between you, other people, and organizations, such as types of engagement (e.g., likes, dislikes, events, etc.) related to people and organizations.
Location data
. Data about your device’s location, which can be either precise or imprecise. For example, we collect location data using Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) (e.g., GPS) and data about nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots. Location can also be inferred from a device’s IP address or data in your account profile that indicates where it is located with less precision, such as at a city or postal code level.
Other input
. Other inputs provided when you use our products. For example, data such as the buttons you press on an Xbox wireless controller using the Xbox network, skeletal tracking data when you use Kinect, and other sensor data, like the number of steps you take, when you use devices that have applicable sensors. If you attend an in-store event, we collect the data you provide to us when registering for or during the event and if you enter into a prize promotion, we collect the data you input into the entry form.
Content
. Content of your files and communications you input, upload, receive, create, and control. For example, if you transmit a file using Skype to another Skype user, we need to collect the content of that file to display it to you and the other user. If you receive an email using Outlook.com, we need to collect the content of that email to deliver it to your inbox, display it to you, enable you to reply to it, and store it for you until you choose to delete it. Other content we collect when providing products to you include:
Communications, including audio, video, text (typed, inked, dictated, or otherwise), in a message, email, call, meeting request, or chat.
Photos, images, songs, movies, software, and other media or documents you store, retrieve, or otherwise process with our cloud.
Video or recordings
. Recordings of events and activities at Microsoft buildings, retail spaces, and other locations. If you enter Microsoft Store locations or other facilities, or attend a Microsoft event that is recorded, we may process your image and voice data.
Feedback and ratings
. Information you provide to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback, survey data, and product reviews you write.
Traffic data
. Data generated through your use of Microsoft’s communications services. Traffic data indicates with whom you have communicated and when your communications occurred. We will process your traffic data only as required to provide, maintain, and improve our communications services and we do so with your consent.
Product-specific sections below describe data collection practices applicable to use of those products.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How we use personal data
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you with rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you with relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
In carrying out these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products) or obtain from third parties to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience, to make informed business decisions, and for other legitimate purposes.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
For these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products). For example, Microsoft Store uses information about the apps and services you use to make personalized app recommendations. However, we have built in technological and procedural safeguards designed to prevent certain data combinations where required by law. For example, where required by law, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address, or phone number.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Purposes and legal bases for processing
When we process personal data about you, we do so with your consent and/or as required to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security and safety of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests of Microsoft or third parties as described in this section and in the
Reasons we share personal data
section of this privacy statement. Our bases for processing your personal data may vary depending on how and across what products and services we process your data.
When we process personal data based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests, we consider and balance those interests against your rights and freedoms, and we will only process your personal data where the legitimate interests we have in processing are not outweighed by your interests.
When we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, we do so based on a variety of legal mechanisms, as described in the
Where we store and process personal data
section of this privacy statement.
More on the purposes of processing:
Provide our products
. We use data to operate our products and provide you with rich, interactive experiences. For example, if you use OneDrive, we process the documents you upload to OneDrive to enable you to retrieve, delete, edit, forward, or otherwise process it, at your direction as part of the service. Or, for example, if you enter a search query in the Bing search engine, we use that query to display search results to you. Additionally, as communications are a feature of various products, programs, and activities, we use data to contact you. For example, we may contact you by phone or email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending or discuss your licensing account. We also communicate with you to secure our products, for example by letting you know when product updates are available.
Product improvement
. We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities. For example, we use error reports to improve security features, search queries and clicks in Bing to improve the relevancy of the search results, usage data to determine what new features to prioritize, and voice data to develop and improve speech recognition accuracy.
Personalization
. Many products include personalized features, such as recommendations that enhance your productivity and enjoyment. These features use automated processes to tailor your product experiences based on the data we have about you, such as inferences we make about you and your use of the product, activities, interests, and location. For example, depending on your settings, if you stream movies in a browser on your Windows device, you may see a recommendation for an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. If you have a Microsoft account, with your permission, we can sync your settings on several devices. Many of our products provide controls to disable personalized features.
Product activation
. We use data—such as device and application type, location, and unique device, application, network, and subscription identifiers—to activate products that require activation.
Product development
. We use data to develop new products. For example, we use data, often de-identified, to better understand our customers’ computing and productivity needs, and to train and fine-tune AI models, which can shape the development of new products.
Customer support
. We use data to troubleshoot and diagnose product problems, repair customers’ devices, and provide other customer care and support services, including to help us provide, improve, and secure the quality of our products, services, and training, and to investigate security incidents. Call recording data may also be used to authenticate or identify you based on your voice to enable Microsoft to provide support services and investigate security incidents.
Help secure and troubleshoot
. We use data to help secure and troubleshoot our products. This includes using data to protect the security and safety of our products and customers, detecting malware and malicious activities, troubleshooting performance and compatibility issues to help customers get the most out of their experiences, and notifying customers of updates to our products. This may include using automated systems to detect security and safety issues.
Safety
. We use data to protect the safety of our products and our customers. Our security features and products can disrupt the operation of malicious software and notify users if malicious software is found on their devices. For example, some of our products, such as Outlook.com or OneDrive, systematically scan content in an automated manner to identify suspected spam, viruses, abusive actions, or URLs that have been flagged as fraud, phishing, or malware links; and we reserve the right to block delivery of a communication or remove content if it violates our terms.
In accordance with European Union Regulation (EU) 2021/1232, we have invoked the derogation permitted by that Regulation from Articles 5(1) and 6(1) of EU Directive 2002/58/EC. We use scanning technologies to create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) of certain images and video content on our systems. These technologies then compare the hashes they generate with hashes of reported child sexual exploitation and abuse imagery (known as a “hash set”), in a process called “hash matching”. Microsoft obtains hash sets from organizations that act in the public interest against child sex abuse. This can result in sharing information with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) and law enforcement authorities.
Updates
. We use data we collect to develop product updates and security patches. For example, we may use information about your device’s capabilities, such as available memory, to provide you a software update or security patch. Updates and patches are intended to maximize your experience with our products, help you protect the privacy and security of your data, provide new features, and evaluate whether your device is ready to process such updates.
Promotional communications
. We use data we collect to deliver promotional communications. You can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. For information about managing your contact data, email subscriptions, and promotional communications, see the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Relevant offers
. Microsoft uses data to provide you with relevant and valuable information regarding our products. We analyze data from a variety of sources to predict the information that will be most interesting and relevant to you and deliver such information to you in a variety of ways. For example, we may predict your interest in gaming and communicate with you about new games you may like.
Advertising
. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls, or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use data we collect through our interactions with you, through some of our first-party products, services, apps, and web properties (Microsoft properties), and on third-party web properties, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. We may use automated processes to help make advertising more relevant to you. For more information about how your data is used for advertising, see the
Advertising
section of this privacy statement.
Prize promotions and events
. We use your data to administer prize promotions and events available in our physical Microsoft Stores. For example, if you enter into a prize promotion, we may use your data to select a winner and provide the prize to you if you win. Or, if you register for a coding workshop or gaming event, we will add your name to the list of expected attendees.
Transacting commerce
. We use data to carry out your transactions with us. For example, we process payment information to provide customers with product subscriptions and use contact information to deliver goods purchased from the Microsoft Store.
Reporting and business operations
. We use data to analyze our operations and perform business intelligence. This enables us to make informed decisions and report on the performance of our business.
Protecting rights and property
. We use data to detect and prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and protect our property. For example, we use data to confirm the validity of software licenses to reduce piracy. We may use automated processes to detect and prevent activities that violate our rights and the rights of others, such as fraud.
Legal compliance
. We process data to comply with applicable laws. For example, we use the age of our customers to assist us in meeting our obligations to protect children’s privacy. We also process contact information and credentials to help customers exercise their data protection rights.
Research.
With appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard individuals’ rights and freedoms, we use data to conduct research, including advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities for the benefit of the public interest and scientific purposes.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Reasons we share personal data
We share your personal data with your consent or to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. We also share data with Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries; with vendors working on our behalf; when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to protect lives; to maintain the security of our products; and to protect the rights and property of Microsoft and its customers.
Please note that, as defined under certain U.S. state data privacy laws, “sharing” also relates to providing personal data to third parties for personalized advertising purposes. Please see the
U.S. State Data Privacy
section below and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information.
We share your personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. For example, we share your content with third parties when you tell us to do so, such as when you send an email to a friend, share photos and documents on OneDrive, or link accounts with another service. If you use a Microsoft product provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as an employer or school, or use an email address provided by such organization to access Microsoft products, we share certain data, such as interaction data and diagnostic data to enable your organization to manage the products. When you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. Additionally, when you save a payment method (such as a card) to your account that you and other Microsoft account holders use to make purchases from Microsoft or its affiliates, your purchase receipts may be shared with anyone else who uses and has access to the same payment method to make a purchase from Microsoft, including the payment method’s named accountholder. When you permit push notifications for Microsoft products or applications on a non-Windows device, the operating system of that device will process some personal data to provide push notifications. Accordingly, Microsoft may send data to an external, third-party notification provider to deliver push notifications. Your device’s push notification services are governed by their own service-specific terms and privacy statements.
We also share personal data for digital advertising purposes. When you visit a website or use an app that wants to show you ads, the digital property may allow Microsoft to access or receive device data or certain other data identified in the Personal data we collect section above. We may then share this information with third party advertising platforms and advertisers to facilitate the delivery and measurement of ads on such digital properties.  Please see the Advertising and U.S. State Data Privacy sections below for more information about how your data is used for advertising.
In addition, we share personal data among Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we've hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
Finally, we will retain, access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content (such as the content of your emails in Outlook.com, or files in private folders on OneDrive), when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to do any of the following:
Comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies.
Protect the safety of our customers, organizations, and the public — for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud or otherwise cause harm, or to detect, prevent, and combat harmful or illegal behavior including the creation and sharing of harmful or illegal content.
Operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
Protect the rights or property of Microsoft, including enforcing the terms governing the use of the services—however, if we receive information indicating that someone is using our services to traffic in stolen intellectual or physical property of Microsoft, we will not inspect a customer's private content ourselves, but we may refer the matter to law enforcement.
For more information about data we disclose in response to requests from law enforcement and other government agencies, please see our
Law Enforcement Requests Report
.
Please note that some of our products include links to or otherwise enable you to access products of third parties whose privacy practices differ from those of Microsoft. If you provide personal data to any of those products, your data is governed by their privacy policies.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How to access and control your personal data
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained with tools Microsoft provides to you, which are described below, or by contacting Microsoft. For instance:
If Microsoft obtained your consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
You can request access to, erasure of, and updates to your personal data.
If you’d like to port your data elsewhere, you can use tools Microsoft provides to do so, or if none are available, you can contact Microsoft for assistance.
You can also object to or restrict the use of your personal data by Microsoft. For example, you can object at any time to our use of your personal data:
For direct marketing purposes.
Where we are performing a task in the public interest or pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party.
You may have these rights under applicable laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), but we offer them regardless of your location. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law.
If your organization, such as your employer, school, or service provider, provides you with access to and is administering your use of Microsoft products, contact your organization to learn more about how to access and control your personal data.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, using various tools we provide. The tools most useful to you will depend on our interactions with you and your use of our products. Here is a general list of tools we provide to help you control your personal data; specific products may provide additional controls.
Bing.
If you are signed into Bing, you can view and clear your stored search and chat history on your
privacy dashboard
. If you are not signed into Bing, you can view and clear stored search history associated to your device in your
Bing settings
.
Microsoft account.
If you wish to access, edit, or remove the profile information and payment information in your Microsoft account, change your password, add security information or close your account, you can do so by visiting the
Microsoft account website
.
If you have a
Microsoft Developer Network
(MSDN) public profile, you can access and edit your data by signing in at
MSDN forum
.
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. You can control some of the data Microsoft processes through your use of a Microsoft account on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. From here, for example, you can view and clear the browsing, search, and location data associated with your Microsoft account.
Microsoft Store.
You can access your Microsoft Store profile and account information by visiting
Microsoft Store
and selecting
View account
or
Order history.
Microsoft Teams for personal use.
You can find out how to export or delete Teams data relating to your personal Microsoft account by visiting this
page
.
OneDrive.
You can view, download, and delete your files and photos in OneDrive by signing into your
OneDrive
.
Outlook.com.
You can download your emails in
Outlook.com
by signing into your account and navigating to your
Privacy and data
settings.
Skype
. If you wish to access, edit, or remove some profile and payment information for Skype or change your password,
sign in to your account
. If you wish to export your Skype chat history and files shared on Skype, you can
request a copy
.
Volume Licensing Service Center (VLSC).
If you are a Volume Licensing customer, you can control your contact information and subscription and licensing data in one location by visiting the
Volume Licensing Service Center website
.
Xbox
. If you use the Xbox network or Xbox.com, you can view or edit your personal data, including billing and account information, privacy settings, and online safety and data sharing preferences by accessing
My Xbox
on the Xbox console or on the Xbox.com website.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
. We will respond to requests to control your personal data as required by applicable law.
Your communications preferences
You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. If you receive promotional email or SMS messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message. You can also make choices about the receipt of promotional email, telephone calls, and postal mail by signing in with your personal Microsoft account, and viewing your
communication permissions
where you can update contact information, manage Microsoft-wide contact preferences, opt out of email subscriptions, and choose whether to share your contact information with Microsoft partners. If you do not have a personal Microsoft account, you can manage your Microsoft email contact preferences by using this
web form
. These choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain Microsoft products, programs, activities, or to surveys or other informational communications that have their own unsubscribe method.
Your advertising choices
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, visit our
opt-out page
. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
You can also link your opt-out choice with your personal Microsoft account. It will then apply on any device where you use that account and will continue to apply until someone signs in with a different personal Microsoft account on that device. If you delete the cookies on your device, you will need to sign in again for the settings to apply. You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
For Microsoft-controlled advertising that appears in apps on Windows, you may use the opt-out linked to your personal Microsoft account, or opt out of interest-based advertising by turning off the advertising ID in Windows settings.
Because the data used for interest-based advertising is also used for other required purposes (including providing our products, analytics, and fraud detection), opting out of interest-based advertising does not stop that data collection. You will continue to get ads, although they may be less relevant to you.
You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from third parties we partner with by visiting their sites (see above).
Browser-based controls
When you use a browser, you can control your personal data using certain features. For example:
Cookie controls
. You can control the data stored by cookies and withdraw consent to cookies by using the browser-based cookie controls described in the
Cookies
section of this privacy statement.
Tracking protections
. You can control the data third-party sites can collect about you using Tracking Protection in Internet Explorer (versions 9 and up) and Microsoft Edge. This feature will block third-party content, including cookies, from any site that is listed in a Tracking Protection List you add.
Browser controls for "Do Not Track."
Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Microsoft services do not currently respond to browser DNT signals. We continue to work with the online industry to define a common understanding of how to treat DNT signals. In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described above.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. We use cookies and similar technologies for storing and honoring your preferences and settings, enabling you to sign in, providing interest-based advertising, combating fraud, analyzing how our products perform, and fulfilling other legitimate purposes. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows described in the
Advertising ID
section of this privacy statement, for similar purposes.
We also use “web beacons” to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data. Our websites may include web beacons, cookies, or similar technologies from Microsoft affiliates and partners as well as third parties, such as service providers acting on our behalf.
Third party cookies may include: Social Media cookies designed to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activities on our websites; Analytics cookies to better understand how you and others use our websites so that we can make them better, and so the third parties can improve their own products and services; Advertising cookies to show you ads that are relevant to you; and Required cookies used to perform essential website functions. Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
Please see the Learn more section below for information about our use of third party cookies, web beacons and analytics services, and other similar technologies on our websites and services. For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie
inventory. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
You have a variety of tools to control the data collected by cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. For example, you can use controls in your internet browser to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies and to withdraw your consent by clearing or blocking cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. This data often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer, but it can contain other information as well. Some cookies are placed by third parties acting on our behalf. We use cookies and similar technologies to store and honor your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, provide interest-based advertising, combat fraud, analyze how our products perform, and fulfill other legitimate purposes described below. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows, for similar purposes, and many of our websites and applications also contain web beacons or other similar technologies, as described below.
Our use of cookies and similar technologies
Microsoft uses cookies and similar technologies for several purposes, depending on the context or product, including:
Storing your preferences and settings
. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings on your device, and to enhance your experiences. For example, depending on your settings, if you enter your city or postal code to get local news or weather information on a Microsoft website, we store that data in a cookie so that you will see the relevant local information when you return to the site. Saving your preferences with cookies, such as your preferred language, prevents you from having to set your preferences repeatedly. If you opt out of interest-based advertising, we store your opt-out preference in a cookie on your device. Similarly, in scenarios where we obtain your consent to place cookies on your device, we store your choice in a cookie.
Sign-in and authentication
. We use cookies to authenticate you. When you sign in to a website using your personal Microsoft account, we store a unique ID number, and the time you signed in, in an encrypted cookie on your device. This cookie allows you to move from page to page within the site without having to sign in again on each page. You can also save your sign-in information so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the site.
Security
. We use cookies to process information that helps us secure our products, as well as detect fraud and abuse.
Storing information you provide to a website
. We use cookies to remember information you shared. When you provide information to Microsoft, such as when you add products to a shopping cart on Microsoft websites, we store the data in a cookie for the purpose of remembering the information.
Social media
. Some of our websites include social media cookies, including those that enable users who are signed in to the social media service to share content via that service.
Feedback
. Microsoft uses cookies to enable you to provide feedback on a website.
Interest-based advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that is most relevant to you. You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Showing advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to record how many visitors have clicked on an advertisement and to record which advertisements you have seen, for example, so you do not see the same one repeatedly.
Analytics
. We use first- and third-party cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service and to develop other statistics about the operations of our products.
Performance
. Microsoft uses cookies to understand and improve how our products perform. For example, we use cookies to gather data that helps with load balancing; this helps us keep our websites remain up and running.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. Please see the “How to Control Cookies” section below for more information.
Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed below. This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate the primary purposes for which we typically set cookies. If you visit one of our websites, the site will set some or all of the following cookies:
MSCC
. Contains user choices for most Microsoft properties.
MUID, MC1, MSFPC, and MSPTC
. Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes.
ANON
. Contains the ANID, a unique identifier derived from your Microsoft account, which is used for advertising, personalization, and operational purposes. It is also used to preserve your choice to opt out of interest-based advertising from Microsoft if you have chosen to associate the opt-out with your Microsoft account.
CC
. Contains a country code as determined from your IP address.
PPAuth, MSPAuth, MSNRPSAuth, KievRPSAuth, WLSSC, MSPProf
. Helps to authenticate you when you sign in with your Microsoft account.
MC0
. Detects whether cookies are enabled in the browser.
MS0
. Identifies a specific session.
NAP
. Contains an encrypted version of your country, postal code, age, gender, language and occupation, if known, based on your Microsoft account profile.
MH
. Appears on co-branded sites where Microsoft is partnering with an advertiser. This cookie identifies the advertiser, so the right ad is selected.
childinfo, kcdob, kcrelid, kcru, pcfm
. Contains information that Microsoft account uses within its pages in relation to child accounts.
MR
. This cookie is used by Microsoft to reset or refresh the MUID cookie.
x-ms-gateway-slice
. Identifies a gateway for load balancing.
TOptOut
. Records your decision not to receive interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft. Where required, we place this cookie by default and remove it when you consent to interest-based advertising.
ApplicationGatewayAffinity
and
ApplicationGatewayAffinityCORS
.  These session cookies are used for load balancing purposes and to ensure requests for a user session are handled by the same server.
We may also use the cookies of other Microsoft affiliates, companies, and partners, such as LinkedIn and Xandr.
Third Party Cookies
In addition to the cookies Microsoft sets when you visit our websites, we also use cookies from third parties to enhance the services on our sites. Some third parties can also set cookies when you visit Microsoft sites. For example:
Companies we hire to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics, place cookies when you visit our sites.
Companies that deliver content on Microsoft sites, such as videos or news, or ads, place cookies on their own.
These companies use the data they process in accordance with their privacy policies, which may enable these companies to collect and combine information about your activities across websites, apps, or online services.
The following types of third-party cookies may be used, depending on the context, service or product, as well as your settings and permissions:
Social Media cookies.
We and third parties use social media cookies to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activity on our websites. They’re used to connect your activity on our websites to your social media profiles so the ads and content you see on our websites and on social media will better reflect your interests.
Analytics cookies.
We allow third parties to use analytics cookies to understand how you use our websites so we can make them better and the third parties can develop and improve their products, which they may use on websites that are not owned or operated by Microsoft. For example, analytics cookies are used to gather information about the pages you visit and how many clicks you need to accomplish a task. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
Advertising cookies.
We and third parties use advertising cookies to show you new ads by recording which ads you've already seen. They're also used to track which ads you click on or purchases you make after clicking on an ad for payment purposes, and to show you ads that are more relevant to you. For example, they're used to detect when you click on an ad and show you ads based on your social media interests and website browsing history.
Required cookies.
We use required cookies to perform essential website functions. For example, to log you in, save your language preferences, provide a shopping cart experience, improve performance, route traffic between web servers, detect the size of your screen, determine page load times, and measure audiences. These cookies are necessary for our websites to work.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie inventory
. The third party cookie inventory also includes links to those third parties’ websites or privacy notices. Please consult the third party websites or privacy notices for more information on their privacy practices with respect to their cookies that may be set on our websites. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
How to control cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but provide controls that allow you to block or delete them. For example, in Microsoft Edge, you can block or delete cookies by selecting
Settings
>
Privacy and services
>
Clear Browsing data
>
Cookies and other site data
. For more information about how to delete your cookies in Microsoft browsers, see
Microsoft Edge
,
Microsoft Edge Legacy
, or
Internet Explorer
. If you use a different browser, refer to that browser’s instructions.
As mentioned above, where required, we obtain your consent before placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. We separate these optional cookies by purpose, such as for advertising and social media purposes. You may consent to certain categories of optional cookies and not others. You also may adjust your choices by clicking “Manage cookies” in the footer of the website or through the settings made available on the website. Certain features of Microsoft products depend on cookies. If you choose to block cookies, you cannot sign in or use some of those features, and preferences that are dependent on cookies will be lost. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, are deleted and will need to be recreated.
Additional privacy controls that can impact cookies, including the tracking protections feature of Microsoft browsers, are described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Our use of web beacons and analytics services
Some Microsoft webpages contain electronic tags known as web beacons that we use to help deliver cookies on our websites, count users who have visited those websites, and deliver co-branded products. We also include web beacons or similar technologies in our electronic communications to determine whether you open and act on them.
In addition to placing web beacons on our own websites, we sometimes work with other companies to place our web beacons on their websites or in their advertisements. This helps us to, for example, develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement on a Microsoft website results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser's website. It also allows us to understand your activity on the website of a Microsoft partner in connection with your use of a Microsoft product or service.
Finally, Microsoft products often contain web beacons or similar technologies from third-party analytics providers, which help us compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations. These technologies enable the analytics providers to set or read their own cookies or other identifiers on your device, through which they can collect information about your online activities across applications, websites, or other products. However, we prohibit these analytics providers from using web beacons on our sites to collect or access information that directly identifies you (such as your name or email address). You can opt out of data collection or use by some of these analytics providers by visiting any of the following sites:
Adjust
,
AppsFlyer
,
Clicktale
,
Flurry Analytics
,
Google Analytics
(requires you to install a browser add-on),
Kissmetrics
,
Mixpanel
,
Nielsen
,
Acuity Ads
,
WebTrends
, or
Optimizely
.
Other similar technologies
In addition to standard cookies and web beacons, our products can also use other similar technologies to store and read data files on your computer. This is typically done to maintain your preferences or to improve speed and performance by storing certain files locally. But, like standard cookies, these technologies can also store a unique identifier for your computer, which can then track behavior. These technologies include Local Shared Objects (or "Flash cookies") and Silverlight Application Storage.
Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies."
Websites that use Adobe Flash technologies can use Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies" to store data on your computer. To learn how to manage or block Flash cookies, go to the
Flash Player help page
.
Silverlight Application Storage
. Websites or applications that use Microsoft Silverlight technology also have the ability to store data by using Silverlight Application Storage. To learn how to manage or block such storage, see the
Silverlight
section of this privacy statement.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
If you use a Microsoft product with an account provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as your work or school account, that organization can:
Control and administer your Microsoft product and product account, including controlling privacy-related settings of the product or product account.
Access and process your data, including the interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files associated with your Microsoft product and product accounts.
If you lose access to your work or school account (in event of change of employment, for example), you may lose access to products and the content associated with those products, including those you acquired on your own behalf, if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. If your organization provides you with access to Microsoft products, your use of the Microsoft products is subject to your organization's policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to your organization’s administrator. When you use social features in Microsoft products, other users in your network may see some of your activity. To learn more about the social features and other functionality, please review documentation or help content specific to the Microsoft product. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
When you use a Microsoft product provided by your organization, Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with that product is governed by a contract between Microsoft and your organization. Microsoft processes your personal data to provide the product to your organization and you, and in some cases for Microsoft’s business operations related to providing the product as described in the
Enterprise and developer products
section. As mentioned above, if you have questions about Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with providing products to your organization, please contact your organization. If you have questions about Microsoft’s business operations in connection with providing products to your organization as provided in the Product Terms, please contact Microsoft as described in the
How to contact us
section. For more information on our business operations, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section.
For Microsoft products provided by your K-12 school, including Microsoft 365 Education, Microsoft will:
not collect or use student personal data beyond that needed for authorized educational or school purposes;
not sell or rent student personal data;
not use or share student personal data for advertising or similar commercial purposes, such as behavioral targeting of advertisements to students;
not build a personal profile of a student, other than for supporting authorized educational or school purposes or as authorized by the parent, guardian, or student of appropriate age; and
require that our vendors with whom student personal data is shared to deliver the educational service, if any, are obligated to implement these same commitments for student personal data.
Back to top
Microsoft account
With a Microsoft account, you can sign in to Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing in to your Microsoft account enables personalization and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features.
There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
If you sign into a service offered by a third party with your Microsoft account, you will share with that third party the account data required by that service.
With a Microsoft account, you can sign into Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing into your Microsoft account enables personalization, consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features. There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
Personal Microsoft accounts
. The data associated with your personal Microsoft account, and how that data is used, depends on how you use the account.
Creating your Microsoft account
. When you create a personal Microsoft account, you will be asked to provide certain personal data and we will assign a unique ID number to identify your account and associated information. While some products, such as those involving payment, require a real name, you can sign in to and use other Microsoft products without providing your real name. Some data you provide, such as your display name, email address, and phone number, can be used to help others find and connect with you within Microsoft products. For example, people who know your display name, email address, or phone number can use it to search for you on Skype or Microsoft Teams for personal use and send you an invite to connect with them. Note that if you use a work or school email address to create a personal Microsoft account, your employer or school may gain access to your data. In some cases, you will need to change the email address to a personal email address in order to continue accessing consumer-oriented products (such as the Xbox network).
Signing in to Microsoft account
. When you sign in to your Microsoft account, we create a record of your sign-in, which includes the date and time, information about the product you signed in to, your sign-in name, the unique number assigned to your account, a unique identifier assigned to your device, your IP address, and your operating system and browser version.
Signing in to Microsoft products
. Signing in to your account enables improved personalization, provides seamless and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to access and use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other enhanced features and settings. For example, when you sign in, Microsoft makes information saved to your account available across Microsoft products so important things are right where you need them. When you sign in to your account, you will stay signed in until you sign out. If you add your Microsoft account to a Windows device (version 8 or higher), Windows will automatically sign you in to products that use Microsoft account when you access those products on that device. When you are signed in, some products will display your name or username and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) as part of your use of Microsoft products, including in your communications, social interactions, and public posts.
Learn more about your Microsoft account, your data, and your choices
.
Signing in to third-party products
. If you sign in to a third-party product with your Microsoft account, you will share data with the third party in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy. The third party will also receive the version number assigned to your account (a new version number is assigned each time you change your sign-in data); and information that describes whether your account has been deactivated. If you share your profile data, the third party can display your name or user name and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) when you are signed in to that third-party product. If you chose to make payments to third-party merchants using your Microsoft account, Microsoft will pass information stored in your Microsoft account to the third party or its vendors (e.g., payment processors) as necessary to process your payment and fulfill your order (such as name, credit card number, billing and shipping addresses, and relevant contact information). The third party can use or share the data it receives when you sign in or make a purchase according to its own practices and policies.
You should carefully review the privacy statement for each product you sign in to and each merchant you purchase from to determine how it will use the data it collects
.
Work or school accounts
. The data associated with a work or school account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account.
If your employer or school uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides you, you can use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft products, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, and third-party products provided to you by your organization. If required by your organization, you will also be asked to provide a phone number or an alternative email address for additional security verification. And, if allowed by your organization, you may also use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft or third-party products that you acquire for yourself.
If you sign in to Microsoft products with a work or school account, note:
The owner of the domain associated with your email address may control and administer your account, and access and process your data, including the contents of your communications and files, including data stored in products provided to you by your organization, and products you acquire by yourself.
Your use of the products is subject to your organization’s policies, if any. You should consider both your organization’s policies and whether you are comfortable enabling your organization to access your data before you choose to use your work or school account to sign in to products you acquire for yourself.
If you lose access to your work or school account (if you change employers, for example), you may lose access to products, including content associated with those products, you acquired on your own behalf if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of your organization, which may differ from those of Microsoft.
If your organization is administering your use of Microsoft products, please direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data subject rights, to your administrator. See also the
Notice to end users
section of this privacy statement.
If you are uncertain whether your account is a work or school account, please contact your organization.
Third-party accounts
. The data associated with a third-party Microsoft account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account. Your service provider has control over your account, including the ability to access or delete your account.
You should carefully review the terms the third party provided you to understand what it can do with your account
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Collection of data from children
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. Learn more about personal and school accounts in the
Microsoft account section
of the Privacy Statement and
Microsoft Family Safety
in the product-specific section. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages. Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. Select Learn more below for more information about how to access and delete child data and information about children and Xbox profiles.
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
.
Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. See below for more information about how to access and delete child data.
Below is additional information about the collection of data from children, including more details as related to Xbox.
Accessing and deleting child data.
For Microsoft products and services that require parental consent, a parent can view and delete certain data belonging to their child from the parent’s
privacy dashboard
: browsing history, search history, location activity, media activity, apps and service activity, and product and service performance data. To delete this data, a parent can sign in to their
privacy dashboard
and manage their child’s activities. Please note that a parent’s ability to access and/or delete a child’s personal information on their privacy dashboard will vary depending on the laws where you are located.
Additionally, a parent can contact our
privacy support team
through the
privacy support form
and, following authentication, request that the data types on the privacy dashboard together with the following data be deleted: software, setup, and inventory; device connectivity and configuration; feedback and ratings; fitness and activity; support content; support interactions; and environmental sensor. We process authenticated deletion requests within 30 days of receipt.
Please note that content like emails, contacts, and chats are accessible through in-product experiences. You can find more information about data you are able to control within Microsoft products by visiting our
Privacy Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
.
If your child’s account is not a part of your Microsoft family group and you do not have access to your child’s activity on your privacy dashboard, then you need to submit a request related to your child’s data through the
privacy support form
. The privacy team will ask for account verification before fulfilling the request.
To delete all of your child’s personal information, you must request deletion of the child’s account through the
close your account form
. This link will prompt you to sign in with your child’s account credentials. Check that the page shows the correct Microsoft account, and then follow the instructions to request that your child’s account be deleted.
Learn more about how to close a Microsoft account
.
After you submit the request to close your child’s account, we will wait 60 days before permanently deleting the account in case you change your mind or need to access something on the account before it is permanently closed and deleted. During the waiting period, the account is marked for closure and permanent deletion, but it still exists. If you want to reopen your child’s Microsoft account, just sign in again within that 60-day period. We will cancel the account closure, and the account will be reinstated.
What is Xbox?
Xbox is the gaming and entertainment division of Microsoft. Xbox hosts an online network that consists of software and enables online experiences crossing multiple platforms. This network lets your child find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When users sign in to Xbox, in apps, games or on an Xbox console, we assign a unique identifier to their device. For instance, when their Xbox console is connected to the internet and they sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system they are using.
Xbox continues to provide new experiences in client apps that are connected to and backed by services such as Xbox network and cloud gaming. When signed in to an Xbox experience, we collect required data to help keep these experiences safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Data we collect when you create an Xbox profile
. You as the parent or guardian are required to consent to the collection of personal data from a child under 13 years old or as otherwise specified by your jurisdiction. With your permission, your child can have an Xbox profile and use the online Xbox network. During the child Xbox profile creation, you will sign in with your own Microsoft account to verify that you are an adult organizer in your Microsoft family group. We collect an alternate email address or phone number to boost account security. If your child needs help accessing their account, they will be able to use one of these alternates to validate they own the Microsoft account.
We collect limited information about children, including name, birthdate, email address, and region. When you sign your child up for an Xbox profile, they get a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you create your child’s Xbox profile you consent to Microsoft collecting, using, and sharing information based on their privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network. Your child’s privacy and communication settings are defaulted to the most restrictive.
Data we collect
. We collect information about your child’s use of Xbox services, games, apps, and devices including:
When they sign in and sign out of Xbox, purchase history, and content they obtain.
Which games they play and apps they use, their game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content they add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video they capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections they make (friends they add and people who follow them) on the Xbox network.
If your child uses an Xbox console or Xbox app on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time they sign in to Xbox, even if they have been playing offline.
Xbox diagnostic data
. If your child uses Xbox console, Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. Required data is the minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your child’s in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat if your child’s privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network allow it.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it. This data may also be used to provide a safe gaming environment and enforce the
Community Standards for Xbox
.
Data use
. Microsoft uses the data we collect when your child uses Xbox to improve gaming products and experiences— making it safer and more fun over time. Data we collect also enables us to provide your child with curated experiences. This includes connecting them to games, content, services, and recommendations.
Xbox data viewable by others
. When your child is using the Xbox network, their online presence (which can be set to “appear offline” or “blocked”), gamertag, game play statistics, and achievements are visible to other players on the network. Depending on how you set your child’s Xbox safety settings, they might share information when playing or communicating with others on the Xbox network.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips your child uploads, conversations they have, and things they post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how they use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Xbox data shared with game and apps publishers
. When your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about their usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your child’s Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your child’s in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game or types of vehicles used in-game), your child’s presence on the Xbox network, the time they spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs they belong to, official club memberships, and any content they create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use your child’s data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from the game or app detail pages in our stores.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where they have been installed. Some publisher access to your child’s data may be revoked at
microsoft.com/consent
.
Managing child settings
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, you can manage a child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page, as well as their Xbox profile privacy settings from their
Xbox Privacy & online safety page
.
You can also use the
Xbox Family Settings
app to manage your child’s experience on the Xbox Network including: spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, viewing your child’s Xbox activity, and setting age ratings and the amount of screen time. Xbox-specific Family Safety settings will apply on Xbox console or via Xbox on PC or mobile device but may not be applied on other platforms.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data. This data helps keep your child’s console functioning as expected.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control game play. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console, is not shared with anyone, and can be deleted at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between the joints on your child’s body to create a stick figure representation to enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Other important privacy information
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Security of personal data
Microsoft is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential data (such as a credit card number or password) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption. Microsoft complies with applicable data protection laws, including applicable security breach notification laws.
Back to top
Where we store and process personal data
Personal data collected by Microsoft may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States, and in any other jurisdiction where Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities. Microsoft maintains major data centers in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Luxembourg, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Singapore, South Africa, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Typically, the primary storage location is in the customer’s region or in the United States, often with a backup to a data center in another region. The storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate and provide our services efficiently, improve performance, and create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem. We take steps to process the data that we collect under this privacy statement according to this statement’s provisions and the requirements of applicable law.
We transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not yet been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. For example, their laws may not guarantee you the same rights, or there may not be a privacy supervisory authority there that is capable of addressing your complaints. When we engage in such transfers, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts such as the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission under Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914, to help protect your rights and enable these protections to travel with your data. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal data in the countries where Microsoft processes personal data, see this article on
the European Commission website
.
Microsoft Corporation complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In the context of an onward transfer, Microsoft Corporation has responsibility for the processing of personal data it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. Microsoft Corporation remains liable under the DPF if our agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF, unless Microsoft Corporation can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
. The controlled U.S. subsidiaries of Microsoft Corporation, as identified in our self-certification submission, also adhere to the DPF Principles—for more info, see the list of
Microsoft U.S. Entities Covered by Data Privacy Framework Certification
.
If you have a question or complaint related to participation by Microsoft in the DPF Frameworks, we encourage you to contact us via our
web form
. For any complaints related to the DPF Frameworks that Microsoft cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to cooperate with the relevant EU Data Protection Authority, or a panel established by the European data protection authorities, for resolving disputes with EU individuals, the UK Information Commissioner (for UK individuals), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) for resolving disputes with Swiss individuals. Please contact us if you’d like us to direct you to your data protection authority contacts. As further explained in the DPF Principles, binding arbitration is available to address residual complaints not resolved by other means. Microsoft is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Individuals whose personal data is protected by Japan's Act on the Protection of Personal Information should refer to the article on the
Japanese Personal Information Protection Commission’s website
(only published in Japanese) for more information on the commission’s review of certain countries’ personal data protection systems. For individuals in Japan, please click
here
for additional information on the processing of information under the Telecommunications Business Act (in Japanese only).
Back to top
Our retention of personal data
Microsoft retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types, the context of our interactions with you or your use of products, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
Other criteria used to determine the retention periods include:
Do customers provide, create, or maintain the data with the expectation we will retain it until they affirmatively remove it?
Examples include a document you store in OneDrive, or an email message you keep in your Outlook.com inbox. In such cases, we would aim to maintain the data until you actively delete it, such as by moving an email from your Outlook.com inbox to the Deleted Items folder, and then emptying that folder (when your Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion). (Note that there may be other reasons why the data has to be deleted sooner, for example if you exceed limits on how much data can be stored in your account.)
Is there an automated control, such as in the Microsoft privacy dashboard, that enables the customer to access and delete the personal data at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal data of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be adopted.
Has Microsoft adopted and announced a specific retention period for a certain data type?
For example, for Bing search queries, we de-identify stored queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Has the user provided consent for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain data in accordance with your consent.
Is Microsoft subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain or delete the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data retained for the purposes of litigation. Conversely, if we are required by law to remove unlawful content, we will do so.
Back to top
U.S. State Data Privacy
If you are a U.S. resident, we process your personal data in accordance with applicable U.S. state data privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). This section of our privacy statement contains information required by the CCPA and other U.S. state data privacy laws and supplements our privacy statement.
Please note that rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized. We will update our processes, disclosures, and this notice as these implementing rules are finalized, and as otherwise necessary.
Please also see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
and our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the data we collect, process, share and disclose, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Sale
. We do not sell your personal data. So, we do not offer an opt-out to the sale of personal data.
Profiling
.  We do not engage in “profiling” that utilizes your personal data for automated decision-making that produces legal or similarly significant effects.  So, we do not offer an opt-out for this type of profiling.
Share
. We may “share” your personal data, as defined under California and other applicable U.S. state laws, for personalized advertising purposes. As noted in our
Advertising
section, we do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of data we share for personalized advertising purposes, the recipients of the personal data, and our purposes of processing. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Demographic data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Subscription and licensing data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Interactions
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Please see the
Advertising
section for more information about our advertising practices, and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information on “sharing” for personalized advertising purposes under applicable U.S. state laws.
Rights.
You have the right to (i) know what personal data we collect, use, disclose, “share”, and sell, (ii) delete your personal data, (iii) correct your personal data, (iv) restrict the use and disclosure of your sensitive data, (v) receive a copy of your personal data, and (vi) opt-out of “sharing” your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising purposes on third party sites. You may make these requests yourself or through an authorized agent. If you use an authorized agent, we provide your agent with
detailed guidance
on how to exercise your privacy rights. Please see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for additional information on how to exercise these rights.
Universal Opt-Outs.
Microsoft receives and responds to the Global Privacy Control (GPC) browser opt-out signal. Microsoft will turn off sharing your data with third parties for personalized ads if we receive a GPC signal from you when you visit our sites.
You may have additional rights related to your consumer health data as defined by applicable state consumer health privacy laws. Please see our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for information on the rights available under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act (MHMDA) and other applicable U.S. consumer health privacy laws.
If you have a Microsoft account, you can exercise your rights through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
, which requires you to log in to your Microsoft account. If you have an additional request or questions after using the dashboard, you may contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section, use our
web form
, or call our US toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038. If you do not have an account, you may exercise your rights by contacting us as described above. To further protect your personal data, we may ask for additional information, such as your country of residence, email address, and phone number to validate your identity and request before honoring the request.
You may indicate your choice to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising on third party sites by visiting our
sharing opt-out page
. You can also control the personalized advertising you see on Microsoft properties by visiting our
opt-out page
.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than those listed below, without your consent, or as permitted or required under applicable laws. So, we do not offer an ability to limit the use of sensitive data.
If you have made a request to Microsoft to know, delete, correct, or receive your personal information and believe your request was denied by Microsoft, you can exercise your right to appeal the results of your request by contacting our privacy support team via our web form. If your appeal is unsuccessful and depending upon the state where you live, you may have the right to raise a concern or lodge a complaint with your state attorney general.
You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise your privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Personal information processing
. In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of personal data we collect, the sources of the personal data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third-party recipients with whom we provide the personal data. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section. Please see the
Our retention of personal data
section for information on personal data retention criteria.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and partners with whom we offer co-branded services
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; respond to customer questions; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Credentials
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; authentication and account access; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Demographic data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and purchases from data brokers
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product development; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Payment data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and financial institutions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Transact commerce; process transactions; fulfill orders; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and detect and prevent fraud
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Subscription and licensing data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users; third-party storefronts and platforms on which our products are purchased
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide, personalize, and activate our products; customer support; help, secure, and troubleshoot; marketing; and accounting
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Interactions
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users including data Microsoft generates through those interactions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Content
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Video or recordings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and publicly available sources
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Feedback and ratings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; customer support; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for each category of personal data, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Personal data we collect
section, such as developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products. Similarly, we process all categories of personal data for the purposes described in the
How we use personal data
section, such as meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
Subject to your
privacy settings
, your consent, and depending on the products you use and your choices, we may collect, process, or disclose certain personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws. Sensitive data is a subset of personal data. In the list below, we outline the categories of sensitive data we collect, the sources of the sensitive data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third party recipients with whom we share the sensitive data. Please see the
Personal data we collect
section for more information about the sensitive data we may collect.
Categories of Sensitive Data
Account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number, and the means to access the account (security or access code, password, credentials, etc.)
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the product and fulfill requested financial transactions
Recipients: Service providers and payment processing providers
Precise geo-location information
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the service requested; product improvement; some attributes may be disclosed to third parties to provide the service
Recipients: Users and service providers (please see the
Windows Location Services and Recording
section of our privacy statement for more information)
Racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences
Recipients: Service providers
Medical or mental health, sex life, or sexual orientation
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences and accessibility
Recipients: Service providers
Contents of your mail, email, or text messages (where Microsoft is not the intended recipient of the communication)
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; improve the product experience; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers
Personal data collected from a known child under 13 years of age
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; recommendations; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities (in accordance with your Microsoft Family Safety
settings
)
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for personal data collected from children under 13, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Collection of Data from Children
section.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than the following:
Perform the services or provide the goods you reasonably expect
Help ensure the security and integrity of our services, systems, and data, to combat malicious deceptive, fraudulent or illegal acts, and to protect the physical safety of individuals, to the extent the processing is reasonably necessary and proportionate
For short-term transient use (including non-personalized advertising), so long as the personal data is not disclosed to a third party, is not used for profiling, and is not used to alter an individual’s experience outside the current interaction with Microsoft
Perform services on behalf of Microsoft, such as maintaining accounts, providing customer service, processing, or fulfilling orders/transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics, providing storage, and similar services
Undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of, or improve, upgrade, or enhance a service or device owned or controlled by Microsoft
Collect or process sensitive data where the collection or processing is not for inferring characteristics about the individual
Any other activities in accordance with any future regulations that are issued pursuant to U.S. state data privacy laws
De-Identified Data
. In some situations, Microsoft may process de-identified data. Data is in this state when we are not able to link data to an individual to whom such data may relate without taking additional steps. In those instances, and unless allowed under applicable law, we will maintain such information in a de-identified state, and will not try to re-identify the individual to whom the de-identified data relates.
Disclosures of personal data for business or commercial purposes
. As indicated in the
Reasons we share personal data
section, we share personal data with third parties for various business and commercial purposes. The primary business and commercial purposes for which we share personal data are the purposes of processing listed in the table above. However, we share all categories of personal data for the business and commercial purposes in the
Reasons we share personal data
section.
Parties that control collection of personal data
. In certain situations, we may allow a third party to control the collection of your personal data. For example, third party applications or extensions that run on Windows or Edge browser may collect personal data based on their own practices.
Microsoft allows advertising companies to collect information about your interactions with our websites in order to deliver personalized ads on Microsoft’s behalf.  You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
Back to top
Advertising
Advertising allows us to provide, support, and improve some of our products. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use other data, detailed below, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. For example:
Microsoft may use data we collect to select and deliver some of the ads you see on Microsoft web properties, such as
Microsoft.com
, Microsoft Start, and Bing. We may also use such data to select and deliver ads on third party digital properties.
When the advertising ID is enabled in Windows as part of your privacy settings, third parties can access and use the advertising ID (much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie) to select and deliver ads in such apps.
We may share data we collect with internal and external partners, such as Xandr, Yahoo, or Facebook (see below), so that the ads you see in our products and their products are more relevant and valuable to you.
Advertisers may choose to place our web beacons on their sites, or use similar technologies, in order to allow Microsoft to collect information on their sites such as activities, purchases, and visits; we use this data on behalf of our advertising customers to provide ads.
The ads that you see may be selected based on data we process about you, such as your interests and favorites, your location, your transactions, how you use our products, your search queries, or the content you view. For example, if you view content on Microsoft Start about automobiles, we may show advertisements about cars; if you search “pizza places in Seattle” on Bing, you may see advertisements in your search results for restaurants in Seattle.
The ads that you see may also be selected based on other information learned about you over time using demographic data, location data, search queries, interests and favorites, usage data from our products and sites, and the information we collect about you from the sites and apps of our advertisers and partners. We refer to these ads as "personalized advertising" in this statement. For example, if you view gaming content on
xbox.com
, you may see ads for games on Microsoft Start. To provide personalized advertising, we combine cookies placed on your device using information that we collect (such as IP address) when your browser interacts with our websites. If you opt out of receiving personalized advertising, data associated with these cookies will not be used.
We may use information about you to serve you with personalized advertising when you use Microsoft services. If you are logged in with your Microsoft account and have consented to allow Microsoft Edge to use your online activity for personalized advertising, you will see ads for products and services based on your online activity while using Microsoft Edge. To configure your privacy settings for Edge, go to Microsoft Edge > Settings > Privacy and Services. To configure your privacy and ad settings for your Microsoft account with respect to your online activity across browsers, including Microsoft Edge, or when visiting third-party websites or apps, go to your dashboard at
privacy.microsoft.com
.
Further details regarding our advertising-related uses of data include:
Advertising industry best practices and commitments
. Microsoft is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. We also adhere to the following self-regulatory programs:
In the US:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
In Europe:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
In Canada:
Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
/
Choix de Pub: l'Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC)
Health-related ad targeting
. In the United States, we provide personalized advertising based on a limited number of standard, non-sensitive health-related interest categories, including allergies, arthritis, cholesterol, cold and flu, diabetes, gastrointestinal health, headache / migraine, healthy eating, healthy heart, men’s health, oral health, osteoporosis, skin health, sleep, and vision / eye care. We will also personalize ads based on custom, non-sensitive health-related interest categories as requested by advertisers.
Children and advertising
. We do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
Data retention
. For personalized advertising, we retain data for no more than 13 months, unless we obtain your consent to retain the data longer.
Sensitive Data
. Microsoft Advertising does not collect, process, or disclose personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws for the purposes of providing personalized advertising.
Data sharing
. In some cases, we share with advertisers reports about the data we have collected on their sites or ads.
Data collected by other advertising companies
. Advertisers sometimes include their own web beacons (or those of their other advertising partners) within their advertisements that we display, enabling them to set and read their own cookie. Additionally, Microsoft partners with
Xandr
, a Microsoft company, and third-party ad companies to help provide some of our advertising services, and we also allow other third-party ad companies to display advertisements on our sites. These third parties may place cookies on your computer and collect data about your online activities across websites or online services. These companies currently include, but are not limited to:
Facebook
,
Media.ne
t
,
Outb
rain
,
Taboola
and
Yah
oo
. Select any of the preceding links to find more information on each company's practices, including the choices it offers. Many of these companies are also members of the
NAI
or
DAA
, which each provide a simple way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies.
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, visit our
opt-out
page. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
Back to top
Speech recognition technologies
Speech recognition technologies are integrated into many Microsoft products and services. Microsoft provides both device-based speech recognition features and cloud-based (online) speech recognition features. Microsoft’s speech recognition technology transcribes voice data into text. With your permission, Microsoft employees and vendors working on behalf of Microsoft, will be able to review snippets of your voice data or voice clips in order to build and improve our speech recognition technologies. These improvements allow us to build better voice-enabled capabilities that benefit users across all our consumer and enterprise products and services. Prior to employee or vendor review of voice data, we protect users’ privacy by taking steps to de-identify the data, requiring non-disclosure agreements with relevant vendors and their employees, and requiring that employees and vendors meet high privacy standards.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Back to top
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Microsoft offers preview, insider, beta or other free-of-charge products and features ("previews") to enable you to evaluate them while providing Microsoft with data about your use of the product, including feedback and device and usage data. As a result, previews can automatically collect additional data, provide fewer controls, and otherwise employ different privacy and security measures than those typically present in our products. If you participate in previews, we may contact you about your feedback or your interest in continuing to use the product after general release.
Back to top
Changes to this privacy statement
We update this privacy statement when necessary to provide greater transparency or in response to:
Feedback from customer, regulators, industry, or other stakeholders.
Changes in our products.
Changes in our data processing activities or policies.
When we post changes to this statement, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the statement and describe the changes on the
Change history
page. If there are material changes to the statement, such as a change to the purposes of processing of personal data that is not consistent with the purpose for which it was originally collected, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to learn how Microsoft is protecting your information.
Back to top
How to contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or the Data Protection Officer for your region, please contact us by using our
web form
. We will respond to questions or concerns as required by law and within a period no longer than 30 days. You can also raise a concern or lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or other official with jurisdiction.
When Microsoft is a controller, unless otherwise stated, Microsoft Corporation and, for those in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited are the data controllers for personal data we collect through the products subject to this statement. Our addresses are:
Microsoft Privacy, Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052, USA. Telephone: +1 (425) 882 8080.
Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Attn: Data Protection Officer, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Telephone: +353 1 706 3117.
To find the Microsoft subsidiary in your country or region, see the list of
Microsoft office locations around the world
.
The representative of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited within the meaning of Art. 14 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection is Microsoft Schweiz GmbH, The Circle 02, 8058 Zürich-Flughafen, Switzerland.
If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy law, you may contact Microsoft at the U.S. address listed above, use our
web form
, or call our U.S. toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038.
If you are a resident of Canada and its provinces you may contact the Microsoft Data Protection Officer for Canada at Microsoft Canada Head Office, 4400-81 Bay St, Toronto, ON, M5J 0E7, at +1 (416) 349 2506, or by using our
web form
.
Where French law applies, you can also send us specific instructions regarding the use of your personal data after your death, by using our
web form
.
If you have a technical or support question, please visit
Microsoft Support
to learn more about Microsoft Support offerings. If you have a personal Microsoft account password question, please visit
Microsoft account support
.
We offer various means for you to control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and to exercise your data protection rights. You can do so by contacting Microsoft at our
web form
or the information above, or by using the various tools we provide. Please see the
How to access and control your personal data
section for additional details.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Microsoft leverages the power of artificial intelligence (AI) in many of our products and services, including by incorporating generative AI features such as Microsoft Copilot capabilities. Microsoft’s deployment and use of AI is subject to Microsoft’s
AI Principles
and Microsoft’s
Responsible AI Standard
, and Microsoft’s collection and use of personal data in developing and deploying AI features is consistent with commitments outlined in this privacy statement. Product-specific details provide additional relevant information. You can find out more about how Microsoft uses AI
here
.
Microsoft Copilot capabilities.
Microsoft Copilot
is Microsoft’s everyday AI companion, and is designed to help you achieve more through a single experience that runs across devices, understanding relevant context on the web, on your PC, and across apps to bring you the right skills at the right time. With the help of Copilot, users can start a draft of a new Word document; or generate a PowerPoint presentation when accessing Copilot in M365 apps, quickly find the answers to complex search queries online, find relevant documents or other personal content, or be inspired to create new songs, stories, images, or other content, among other tasks. Copilot is a family of services, and Microsoft’s collection and use of data may differ depending on the service and the intended functionality in a given scenario.
The Copilot
website
and app (available on iOS and Android) is the core of the consumer Copilot experience. Within this core experience, users can search the web, create text, images, songs, or other outputs, or engage with other features, such as plugins. On the website and in the app, users enter “prompts” that provide instructions to Copilot (e.g., “Give me recommendations for a restaurant that accommodates parties of 10 near me”). In order to provide a relevant response, Copilot will use this prompt, along with the user’s location, language, and similar settings, to formulate a helpful response. In some markets, authenticated users can choose to allow Copilot to have access to prior prompt history to better personalize the product. The consumer Copilot product uses the data collected to provide and improve the Copilot services, including to provide relevant advertising. Users who are signed-in to their account can manage their prompt history in product and on the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard, and can adjust their location, language, and other settings in the product.
Copilot also appears as an assistant within other Microsoft consumer products, such as Bing and Microsoft Edge. In those situations, data processing activities generally align with those products’ primary uses. For example, Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in the Search and Browse section of this privacy statement. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
. In Microsoft Edge, Copilot appears in the sidebar experience and can help the user complete tasks related to the webpages they visit (e.g., “summarize this page”). This data is used consistent with the Microsoft Edge section of this privacy statement.
Copilot Pro
is another consumer Copilot offering, and offers subscribers priority access to the very latest models, improved image creation abilities, and access to Copilot in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, OneNote, Excel, and Outlook. The main Copilot Pro website and app has similar data collection, use, and controls as consumer Copilot, as described above. Similar Copilot functionality is also included in Microsoft 365 Family and Microsoft 365 Personal subscriptions. When Copilot is integrated with Microsoft 365 products, Copilot data collection is consistent with how data collection and use is described in the Productivity and Communications section of this privacy statement.
There are also Copilot offerings designed for enterprise users. When enabled by an eligible enterprise, users logged in with their Entra ID who want to access consumer Copilot services are offered Copilot with Commercial Data Protection, which minimizes data collection and use consistent with the expectations of enterprise users. More information on Copilot with Commercial Data Protection is available
here
.
Microsoft 365 Copilot, available for Microsoft 365 enterprise offerings, provides enterprise-grade data protection along with access to the corporate graph, Copilot within Microsoft 365 and Teams, and additional customization features. Data collection and use in Microsoft 365 Copilot is consistent with the practices described in the Enterprise and Developer Products section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise online services
To provide the Enterprise Online Services, Microsoft uses data you provide (including Customer Data, Personal Data, Administrator Data, Payment Data, and Support Data) and data Microsoft collects or generates associated with your use of the Enterprise Online Services. We process data as described in the
Product Terms
,
Microsoft Products and Services Data Protection Addendum (Products and Services DPA),
and the
Microsoft Trust Center
.
Personal Data
. Customer is the controller of Personal Data and Microsoft is the processor of such data, except when (a) Customer acts as a processor of Personal Data, in which case Microsoft is a subprocessor or (b) as stated otherwise in the standard
Products and Services DPA
. In addition, as provided in the standard
Products and Services DPA
, Microsoft has taken on the added responsibilities of a data controller under GDPR when processing Personal Data in connection with its business operations incident to providing its services to Microsoft’s commercial customers, such as billing and account management; compensation; internal reporting and business modeling; and financial reporting. We use Personal Data in the least identifiable form that will support processing necessary for these business operations. We rely on statistical data and aggregate pseudonymized Personal Data before using it for our business operations, removing the ability to identify specific individuals.
Administrator Data
. Administrator Data is the information provided to Microsoft during sign-up, purchase, or administration of Enterprise Online Services. We use Administrator Data to provide the Enterprise Online Services, complete transactions, service the account, detect and prevent fraud, and comply with our legal obligations. Administrator Data includes the name, address, phone number, and email address you provide, as well as aggregated usage data related to your account, such as the controls you select. Administrator Data also includes contact information of your colleagues and friends if you agree to provide it to Microsoft for the limited purpose of sending them an invitation to use the Enterprise Online Services; we contact those individuals with communications that include information about you, such as your name and profile photo.
As needed, we use Administrator Data to contact you to provide information about your account, subscriptions, billing, and updates to the Enterprise Online Services, including information about new features, security, or other technical issues. We also contact you regarding third-party inquiries we receive regarding use of the Enterprise Online Services, as described in your agreement. You cannot unsubscribe from these non-promotional communications. We may also contact you regarding information and offers about other products and services, or share your contact information with Microsoft's partners. When such a partner has specific services or solutions to meet your needs, or to optimize your use of the Enterprise Online Services, we may share limited, aggregated information about your organization’s account with the partner. Microsoft will not share your confidential information or contact information with the authorized partner unless we have sufficient rights to do so. You can manage your contact preferences or update your information in your account profile.
Payment Data
. We use payment data to complete transactions, as well as to detect and prevent fraud.
Support Data
. Customers provide or authorize Microsoft to collect data in connection with obtaining technical support for the Enterprise Online Services. We process Support Data to provide technical support and as described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Local Software and Diagnostic Data
. Some Online Services may require, or may be enhanced by, the installation of local software (e.g., agents, device management applications). The local software may collect Diagnostic Data (as defined in the
Products and Services DPA
) about the use and performance of that software. That data may be transmitted to Microsoft and used for the purposes described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Bing Search Services Data
. Bing Search Services, as defined in the Product Terms, use data such as search queries as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances collect data to operate effectively and provide you the best experiences. The data we collect depends on the features you use, as well as your configuration and settings, but it is generally limited to device and usage data. Customers have choices about the data they provide. Here are examples of the data we collect:
During installation or when you upgrade an enterprise and developer software, we may collect device and usage data to learn whether you experience any difficulties.
When you use enterprise software or enterprise appliances, we may collect device and usage data to learn about your operating environment to improve security features.
When you experience a crash using enterprise software or enterprise appliances, you may choose to send Microsoft an error report to help us diagnose the problem and deliver customer support.
Microsoft uses the data we collect from enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances to provide and improve our products, to deliver customer support, to activate the product, to communicate with you, and to operate our business.
Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management platform and includes products that can be installed separately (such as SQL Server Management Studio). For detailed information about what data we collect, how we use it, and how to manage your privacy options, visit the
SQL Server privacy page
. If you work in an organization, your administrator can set certain telemetry settings in SQL Server via Group Policy.
HoloLens
. HoloLens headsets are self-contained Windows computers with Wi-Fi connectivity that enable a mixed reality experience for apps and solutions. Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows running on HoloLens up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve HoloLens and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
HoloLens also processes and collects data related to the HoloLens experience and device, which include cameras, microphones, and infrared sensors that enable motions and voice to navigate.
If you choose, cameras can be used to sign you in automatically using your iris. To do this, HoloLens takes an image of your iris and measures distances between key points to create and store a numeric value that represents only you. This data stays on the HoloLens and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
HoloLens also detects hand gestures intended for system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your HoloLens device and is not stored.
HoloLens derives tracking points based on your environment which allows it to understand surfaces in space and allows you to place digital assets on them. There are no images associated with this environmental data and it is stored locally on the HoloLens device. You can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands for navigation, controlling apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Productivity and communications products
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft 365, previous versions called Office 365, is a collection of subscription productivity services and applications including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and OneNote, among others. Office is the one-time purchase version of these applications available on PC or Mac and includes Access and Publisher. Both Microsoft 365 and Office are comprised of client software applications and connected online services (or web apps in the case of Microsoft 365 for the web) that span many platforms and have numerous interdependent experiences. For more details about Outlook, see the
Outlook
section of this privacy statement.
Various cloud-based Microsoft 365 services enable you to use your file content for designs and recommendations, collaborate with others within your documents, and provide you functionality from other Microsoft products, such as Bing, and third-party connected products. If you work in an organization, your administrator may turn off or disable these connected services. You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office apps. For more information, see
Account Privacy Settings
.
Office Roaming Service
. The Office Roaming Service helps keep your settings, including your privacy settings, up to date across your devices running Microsoft 365 or Office apps. When you sign in to your apps with either your Microsoft account or an account issued by your organization, the service syncs some of your customized settings to Microsoft servers. For example, the service syncs a list of most recently used documents or the last location viewed within a document. When you sign in to another device with the same account, the Office Roaming Service downloads your settings from Microsoft servers and applies them to the additional device. When you sign out of your apps, the service removes your settings from your device. Any changes you make to your customized settings are sent to Microsoft servers.
Updates from Microsoft
. Microsoft uses services such as Click-to-Run, Microsoft AutoUpdate (for Mac), or Microsoft Update (for some versions of Office) to provide you with security and other important updates.
These services can automatically detect the availability of online updates for Microsoft 365 or Office apps on your device and download and install them automatically.
Diagnostic Data
. Diagnostic data is used to (i) keep your Microsoft 365 or Office apps secure and up to date; (ii) detect, diagnose, and remediate problems; and (iii) make product improvements. This data does not include a user’s name or email address, the content of the user’s files, or information about apps unrelated to Microsoft 365 or Office. Users have a choice between two different levels of diagnostic data collection, Required and Optional.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep apps secure, up to date, and performing as expected on the device it’s installed on.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help us detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
See
Diagnostic Data
for more information.
Connected Experiences
. Microsoft 365 continues to provide more experiences in client applications that are connected to and backed by cloud-based services. A subset of these connected experiences is also available in Office. If you choose to use connected experiences, required service data will be collected to help keep these connected experiences reliable, up to date, secure, and performing as expected. See below for additional information about required service data.
Working with others on a document stored on OneDrive or translating the contents of a Word document into a different language are examples of connected experiences. There are two types of connected experiences.
Experiences that analyze your content
. Experiences that use your file content to provide you with design recommendations, editing suggestions, data insights, and similar features. For example, PowerPoint Designer or Editor in Word.
Experiences that download online content
. Experiences that allow you to search and download online content including templates, images, 3D models, videos, and reference materials to enhance your documents. For example, templates or PowerPoint QuickStarter.
You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office client apps. These privacy settings allow you to configure your connected experiences. For example, you can choose to enable connected experiences that download online content, but not connected experiences that analyze content. Turning off connected experiences will also turn off additional experiences, such as document co-authoring and online file storage. But even if you use this privacy setting to turn off connected experiences, certain functionality will remain available, such as syncing your mailbox in Outlook, as well as essential services described below. These controls are not available when using Microsoft 365 for the web, since you will already be cloud-connected. For more information about accessing these controls, see
Account Privacy Settings.
If you choose to disable certain types of connected experiences, either the ribbon or menu command for those connected experiences will be grayed out or you will get an error message when you try to use those connected experiences.
Essential services
. There are a set of services that are essential to how Microsoft 365 and Office functions and cannot be disabled. For example, the licensing service that confirms that you are properly licensed to use Microsoft 365 is essential. Required service data about these services is collected and sent to Microsoft, regardless of any other settings that you have configured. See
Essential Services
for more information.
Required service data for connected experiences
. As you use a connected experience, data is sent to and processed by Microsoft to provide you that connected experience. This data is necessary because this information enables us to deliver these cloud-based connected experiences. We refer to this data as required service data.
Required service data can include information related to the operation of the connected experience that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected. If you choose to use a connected experience that analyzes your content, for example Translate in Word, the text you typed and selected to translate is also sent and processed to provide you the connected experience. Your text and the translation are not stored by our service. Required service data can also include information needed by a connected experience to perform its task, such as configuration information about the Microsoft 365 or Office app.
See
Required service data
for more information.
Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro
. Available as a separate subscription service in select countries, the Copilot features that appear in Microsoft 365 apps as part of a Microsoft 365 Personal, Microsoft 365 Family, or Copilot Pro subscription provide AI-powered productivity capabilities through real-time conversational experiences by applying large language model (LLM) processing on the content you choose to provide in Microsoft 365 apps including Word, Excel, OneNote, Outlook, and PowerPoint. Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro are not available for use in Office desktop licenses. When used with available Microsoft 365 apps, Copilot will use the content in your files only when you ask it to perform a specific action on that specific content - for example, when you ask Copilot to help you rewrite a paragraph in a Word document or ask Copilot to generate a to-do list from your notes in OneNote. Similar to connected experiences, required service data is collected during your use of Copilot that includes information related to its operation that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
See
Copilot Pro: Microsoft 365 apps and your privacy
and
Frequently asked questions about Copilot in Microsoft 365 Family and Personal subscriptions
for more information.
Other Productivity Apps
. Microsoft provides several productivity apps separate from Microsoft 365 and Office, including Whiteboard (a free form digital canvas using touch, type, and pen), To Do (a cloud-based task management app), and Sticky Notes (a desktop notes app).
The apps use various cloud-based services to provide you with functionality from other Microsoft products, such as providing images from Bing in Whiteboard, recommending suggested tasks to add to My Day in To Do, and taking advantage of Sticky Notes' integration with Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. Some Microsoft 365 applications make use of your device capabilities using certain features. In PowerPoint, the presentation recording feature can access your device microphone and camera to record presentations with audio and video. Your device microphone is also accessed via the Record audio feature and when using Speaker Coach. As you speak, Speaker Coach gives you on-screen guidance about pacing, inclusive language, use of profanity, filler words, and whether you’re reading the slide text. When creating a PowerPoint presentation, you can also use the Screenshot and Screen clipping features to capture screen contents. Some Microsoft 365 applications, PowerPoint, Word, and OneNote, provide Dictate, a connected experience which lets you use speech-to-text to author content using your microphone. In Word and OneNote, the Transcribe connected experience converts speech recorded directly in the app using your microphone or using a speech audio recording to a text transcript with each speaker individually separated. OneNote can insert photos or record video using your camera. All Microsoft 365 apps along with To Do and Whiteboard have sharing functionality that accesses your contacts to allow you to share your documents with others in your contacts list. Applications will not access your device capabilities until you begin using the feature.
You can manage your microphone and camera access settings in the Windows Privacy Settings menu. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
. To learn more about how to control your privacy settings in apps, see
Windows privacy settings that apps use
.
Back to top
Microsoft Family
This section applies to the Microsoft Family Safety M365 product, which allows a family group to connect through the Microsoft Family Safety app on their Windows, Xbox, or mobile devices. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group.
Microsoft Family Safety can help parents and guardians to create a safer environment for their family group with digital content filtering, screen time limits, spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, setting age ratings for apps and games, and location sharing. To learn about how Microsoft collects and uses children’s data, see the
Collection of data from children section
of the Privacy Statement. If you are using Microsoft Family Safety in Windows, see the
Windows security and safety features section
of the Privacy Statement for additional information.
To enable Family Safety controls on a child account, the child account must be part of a family group. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who consented to the child account’s creation. For accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, the parent or guardian must add the account to their family group in order to use Family Safety controls.
When you have enabled family activity reporting for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their devices, such as search, web, app, and game activity, and provide parents with reports of that child's online activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Certain Family Safety features, such as Location Sharing, Drive Safety, Share Drives, Places, and Location Alerts will use your location information when enabled. When you have enabled Location Sharing, for instance, your device will upload location data to the cloud and share it with others in your family group. Microsoft retains only your last known location as part of the Location Sharing feature (each new location replaces the previous one). When you enable Drive Safety, your location will be used to record your drive habits such as whether you are driving within the speed limits, if you’re using your phone while driving, and if you accelerate or brake suddenly. These reports will be uploaded to the cloud, and you can choose to share your drive reports with your family group. You can turn off these location features at any time in the Family Safety settings. You can manage your device’s location data at the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard. Learn more about
Family Safety and your location data
.
Back to top
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Launcher is an Android app that offers a highly customizable app launcher experience on Android devices.
Microsoft Launcher lets you log in with your personal Microsoft account or work account, or use it without any account. However, some functions may be limited if you do not grant certain permissions.
To use Microsoft Launcher, the application must be installed on your Android device, and optional permissions are required to enable the following features:
Microsoft Copilot
. When signed in with your personal Microsoft account, you can seamlessly use Copilot features like chat, web search, voice search, and image search. Certain Copilot features require access to your device capabilities, such as your device camera, microphone, photos, and videos. Please see our Artificial Intelligence and Copilot capabilities section for more information. Learn more about Copilot terms of use
here
.
Glance Feed
. Glance helps you organize daily activities, such as Outlook calendar, To Do list, Sticky Notes, and recent documents in your M365 apps. After signing-in with your personal Microsoft account or your work account, the data will be synced across devices signed into the same account to give you personalized experiences. It also enables you to review recent activities, like recent photos and app usage, which require permissions to access device photos, files, and app usage data.
News Feed
. When you sign in with your Microsoft account, you can enjoy a personalized news feed and advertisements in Launcher’s News Feed, synchronized across all your devices. You can also receive local curated news when you grant Microsoft Launcher permission to access your location information. You can manage your ad preferences through the Microsoft privacy dashboard to tailor your experience.
Weather Notifications
. Microsoft Launcher allows you to receive the latest and most important weather changes on your home screen with MSN Weather. You can receive up-to-date local weather information when you allow Launcher to access your location or provide your zip code.
Backup and Restore
: Easily transfer between phones or try different home screen setups with Microsoft Launcher's backup and restore feature. Backups can be stored locally on your device or saved to your OneDrive account associated with your Microsoft Account for easy access.
Microsoft Launcher supports Android work profile features, enabling you to maintain a clear boundary between personal and work data on your device. This means you can securely access work resources without mixing them with your personal apps and data.
To learn more about Microsoft Launcher and its supported features, please visit
here
.
Back to top
Microsoft Teams
This section applies to the consumer offering of Teams; if you are using Teams with a school or work account, see the
Enterprise and developer products
of this privacy statement.
Teams is an all-in-one collaboration and communication hub. Teams lets you stay organised and connected across your entire life. Teams allows you to call people with voice or video calling. Teams allows you to easily find people, files, photos, conversations, tasks, and calendars in one convenient and secure place. Teams allows you to store confidential information like passwords, rewards numbers, or login information and share it with others within Teams. With your consent, you can share your location with friends and family.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects data about the usage of the features as well as information about your communications, including the time and date of the communication and users that are part of the communication. Microsoft may share this information with Enterprise customers when you interact through meetings and chats with end users who are using their school or work account. For instance, if you engage in a Teams chat with a user who is using Teams associated with their school account, Microsoft may share your information with that user's school as part of providing the Teams service.
Compatibility with Skype
. As a Teams user, you can also log into Skype using your Teams account. If you log into Skype via your Teams credentials, you can use Skype to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Teams chat history through Skype. Skype users will be able to contact you on Teams and see your Teams presence status. For more information about Skype, see the
Skype section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts
. Your Teams profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft account. To enable other people to find you on Teams (or products that interact with Teams for personal use, including Teams for enterprise and Skype), your Teams profile is included in the Teams and Skype public search directories, and may be displayed on Skype and Teams. Depending on your settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your username, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others. Your Teams profile may be visible to Enterprise customers and their end users when you engage with an end user of an organization in chats and meetings.
Teams contacts
. With your permission, Teams will sync your device, Outlook, and Skype contacts periodically and check for other Teams users that match contacts in your device, Outlook, or Skype address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. If you choose to stop syncing your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Teams. If you wish to invite any of your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device, Outlook, or Skype address books of a Teams user who chooses to sync their device, Outlook, or Skype contacts with their Teams contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Teams user and to allow Teams users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Teams user continues to be active on Teams on their device and continues to enable contact syncing with the applicable device or service, your information will be stored on our servers, and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Teams user’s contact syncing experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Teams.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Teams users
.
If you do choose to join Teams, you will appear as a suggested new Teams contact for any Teams or Skype users with your information in their device, Outlook, or Skype address books. As a Teams user, you will be able to block other Teams and Skype users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Third-party contacts.
You can also choose to sync contacts from third-party providers. If you choose to unsync your third-party contacts on Teams, all third-party contacts are deleted from Teams. If you gave your consent to use those third-party contacts on other Microsoft apps and services, these contacts will still be available to those other Microsoft apps and services.
You can remove third-party contacts from all Microsoft apps and services by removing third-party accounts from Teams. Please note that removing a third-party account from Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services that also use that third-party account.
Teams calendar.
You can also choose to sync your Teams calendar with calendars from third-party providers. You can stop syncing your Teams calendar anytime by removing a third-party account from Teams. If you have consented to use third-party data on other Microsoft apps and services, please note that removing this third-party account data in Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services.
Location sharing
. You can share your static or live location with individuals or groups within Teams. You are in control and can stop sharing at any time. Sharing location for children is permitted with parental consent and in groups where an adult from the Microsoft family group is present.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Teams uses the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Teams has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service.
If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Teams calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found on your device.
Chats and meetings with Enterprise customer end users
. Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses, as well as individual users. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products section
of this privacy statement if you are using Teams with a work or school account. If you engage in Teams meetings or chats with end users of organizations, the data you share with the end users is subject to their organization’s policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries related to your data shared through chats and meetings with an organization’s end users, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to the organization’s administrator. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
Back to top
OneDrive
OneDrive lets you store and access your files on virtually any device. You can also share and collaborate on your files with others. Some versions of the OneDrive application enable you to access both your personal OneDrive by signing in with your personal Microsoft account and your OneDrive for Business by signing in with your work or school Microsoft account as part of your organization's use of Microsoft 365 or Office 365.
When you use OneDrive, we collect data about your usage of the service, as well as the content you store, to provide, improve, and protect the services. Examples include indexing the contents of your OneDrive documents so that you can search for them later and using location information to enable you to search for photos based on where the photo was taken. We also collect device information so we can deliver personalized experiences, such as enabling you to sync content across devices and roam customized settings.
When you store content in OneDrive, that content will inherit the sharing permissions of the folder in which you store it. For example, if you decide to store content in the public folder, the content will be public and available to anyone on the internet who can find the folder. If you store content in a private folder, the content will be private.
When you share content to a social network like Facebook from a device that you have synced with your OneDrive account, your content is either uploaded to that social network, or a link to that content is posted to that social network. Doing this makes the content accessible to anyone on that social network. To delete the content, you need to delete it from the social network (if it was uploaded there, rather than a link to it) and from OneDrive.
When you share your OneDrive content with your friends via a link, an email with the link is sent to those friends. The link contains an authorization code that allows anyone with the link to access your content. If one of your friends sends the link to other people, they will also be able to access your content, even if you did not choose to share the content with them. To revoke permissions for your content on OneDrive, sign in to your account and then select the specific content to manage the permission levels. Revoking permissions for a link effectively deactivates the link. No one will be able to use the link to access the content unless you decide to share the link again.
Files managed with OneDrive for Business are stored separately from files stored with your personal OneDrive. OneDrive for Business collects and transmits personal data for authentication, such as your email address and password, which will be transmitted to Microsoft and/or to the provider of your Microsoft 365 or Office 365 service.
Back to top
Outlook
Outlook products are designed to improve your productivity through improved communications and include Outlook.com, Outlook applications, and related services.
Outlook.com
. Outlook.com is the primary consumer email service from Microsoft and includes email accounts with addresses that end in outlook.com, live.com, hotmail.com, and msn.com. Outlook.com provides features that let you connect with your friends on social networks. You will need to create a Microsoft account to use Outlook.com.
When you delete an email or item from a mailbox in Outlook.com, the item generally goes into your Deleted Items folder where it remains for approximately 7 days unless you move it back to your inbox, you empty the folder, or the service empties the folder automatically, whichever comes first. When the Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion, unless we are legally required to retain the data for longer.
Outlook applications
. Outlook client applications are software you install on your device that permits you to manage email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other data from email, file storage, and other services, like Exchange Online or Outlook.com, or servers, like Microsoft Exchange. You can use multiple accounts from different providers, including third-party providers, with Outlook applications,
including the new Outlook for Windows app
.
To add an account, you must provide permission for Outlook to access data from the email or file storage services.
When you add an account to Outlook, your mail, calendar items, files, contacts, settings and other data from that account will automatically sync to your device. If you are using the mobile Outlook application, that data will also sync to Microsoft servers to enable additional features such as faster search, personalized filtering of less important mail, and an ability to add email attachments from linked file storage providers without leaving the Outlook application. If you are using the desktop Outlook application, you can choose whether to allow the data to sync to our servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that is synced from your account.
If you add an account provided by an organization (such as your employer or school), the owner of the organizational domain can implement policies and controls (for example, requiring multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that can affect your use of Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. For Outlook clients that support it, the user can dictate the contents of an email and send using the Dictate feature. The Dictate feature may be configured to use the device’s microphone or any other microphone that a user may connect to their device, like a microphone-enabled pair of headphones. Outlook may also use your device location information to provide you with weather information for your current location as well as provide the ability to search for nearby locations.
To learn more about the data the Outlook applications collect and process, please see the
Microsoft 365
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Skype
Skype lets you send and receive voice, video, SMS, and instant message communications. This section applies to the consumer version of Skype; if you are using Skype for Business, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects usage data about your communications that includes the time and date of the communication and the numbers or user names that are part of the communication.
Compatibility with Teams.
As a Skype user, you can also log into Teams using your Skype account. If you log into Teams via your Skype credentials, you can use Teams to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Skype missed calls and chat history through Teams. Teams users will be able to contact you on Skype and see your Skype presence status. For more information about Teams, see the
Microsoft Teams section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts.
Your Skype profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft or Skype account. To enable other people to find you on Skype (or products that interact with Skype, such as Skype for Business or Microsoft Teams), your Skype profile is included in Skype and Teams public search directories and may be visible on both Skype and Teams. Depending on your profile settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your user name, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others.
Emergency calling in the United States.
If you enable location sharing for emergency calling, your location will be periodically collected to enable Microsoft to share your location with emergency calling service providers if you dial 911. Your location information is only shared if you enable location sharing for emergency calling and you initiate a 911 call.
Skype contacts.
If you use Outlook.com to manage contacts, Skype will automatically add the people you know to your Skype contact list until you tell the application to stop. With your permission, Skype will sync your device contacts periodically and check for other Skype users that match contacts in your device or Outlook address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications. If you choose to stop syncing your device contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Skype. If you wish to invite any of your device or Outlook contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device or Outlook address book of a Skype user who chooses to sync their device or Outlook contacts with their Skype contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Skype user and to allow Skype users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Skype user continues to be active on Skype on their device and continues to enable contact syncing, your information will be stored on our servers and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Skype user’s contact synching experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Skype.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Skype users
.
If you do choose to join Skype, you will appear as a suggested new Skype contact for any Skype and Teams users with your information in their device or Outlook address books. As a Skype user, you will be able to block other Skype and Teams users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Partner companies
. To make Skype available to more people, we partner with other companies to allow Skype to be offered via those companies’ services. If you use Skype through a company other than Microsoft, that company’s privacy policy governs how it handles your data. To comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, or to help our partner company or local operator comply or respond, we may access, transfer, disclose, and preserve your data. That data could include, for example, your private content, such as the content of your instant messages, stored video messages, voicemails, or file transfers.
Skype Manager
. Skype Manager lets you manage a group’s (such as your family’s) Skype usage from one central place. When you set up a group, you will be the Skype Manager Administrator and can see the patterns of usage, including detailed information, like traffic data and details of purchases, of other members of the group who have consented to such access. If you add information like your name, other people in the group will be able to see it. Members of the group can withdraw consent for Skype Manager by visiting their
Skype account page
.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Skype apps use the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Skype has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service. If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Skype calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found in the Skype application or your device.
Translation features
. When you use Skype’s translation features, Skype collects and uses your conversation to provide the translation service. With your permission, your data may be used to help improve Microsoft products and services. To help the translation and speech recognition technology learn and grow, sentences and automatic transcripts are analyzed and any corrections are entered into our system, to build better performing services. This data may include manual transcription of your voice clips. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Recording features
. Some versions of Skype have a recording feature that allows you to capture and share all or part of your audio / video call. The recording will be stored and shared as part of your conversation history with the person or group with whom the call occurred.
You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use your recordings or the recording features.
Skype bots
. Bots are programs offered by Microsoft or third parties that can do many useful things like search for news, play games, and more. Depending on their capabilities, bots may have access to your display name, Skype ID, country, region, language, and any messages, audio, video, or content that you share with the bot. Please review the bot profile and its privacy statement before engaging in a one-to-one or group conversation with a bot. You can delete a bot that you no longer wish to engage with. Prior to adding a bot to a group, please ensure that your group participants have consented to their information being shared with the bot.
Captioning
. Certain Skype features include accessibility functionality such as captioning. During Skype calls, a call participant can activate a voice-to-text feature, which allows the user to view the audio chat as text. If a user activates this feature, other call participants will not receive a notification. Microsoft uses this voice and text data to provide captioning of audio for users.
Camera Features
. When you use the camera feature in Skype, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in Skype, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the Skype to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to Skype or any third party.
Back to top
Surface
Microsoft offers its family of Surface devices and accessories to provide a great computing experience, including surfing the web, watching and streaming videos, playing games, running apps like Excel, Word, and OneNote, and more. These include devices and accessories like Surface Laptops, Surface Studios, Surface Book, Surface Pro, Surface Headphones, Surface Earbuds, Surface Dock, Surface Keyboard, and more. As part of that experience, Microsoft collects certain diagnostic data, as described below.
Diagnostic data
. Microsoft collects diagnostic data as you use your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and Surface applications. Diagnostic data can include information about crashes, performance, and usage of Surface products. The data that is sent to Microsoft is used to help keep Surface secure, up to date, and performing as expected and can help us make other improvements to Surface.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required diagnostic data
is the minimum amount of data that we need to help keep Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application secure, up-to-date, and performing as expected.
Optional diagnostic data
is additional diagnostic and usage data about your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. If you choose to send optional diagnostic data to Microsoft, required diagnostic data is also included.
Required diagnostic data is always sent to Microsoft for all Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. But you can choose whether to allow Surface to collect optional diagnostic data and send it to Microsoft. You can make that choice when you first set up your Surface device or change the setting at any time in the Surface app.
For more information, see
Diagnostic data for Surface products
and
Diagnostic data in the Surface app
. For a list of Surface required diagnostic data collected, see
Required diagnostic data for Surface products
.
Back to top
Surface Duo
The Surface Duo is a device featuring two screens that fits in your pocket for productivity on the go. Powered by the Google Android operating system, Surface Duo supports cellular and Wi-Fi connectivity and can be used for email, internet browsing, games, and business connectivity.
Microsoft provides a core Surface Duo experience that runs on the Android operating system. The core Surface Duo experience includes apps such as the Microsoft Launcher, Setup Wizard, and Your Phone Companion. You can sign in with a Google ID and enable various Google services; you can then also sign in with your Microsoft account (MSA) and enable Microsoft’s services. Microsoft apps and services may rely on information provided by Google. Some features, such as location, require that you enable this functionality for Google and separately allow Microsoft to leverage this information.
Diagnostic data
. Surface Duo collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep the core Surface Duo experience up to date, secure, and operating properly. This data also helps us improve Surface Duo and related Microsoft products and services. The data does not include your user name, email address, or the content of your files. There are two levels of diagnostic data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep the core Surface Duo experience secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help Microsoft detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
Learn more in Surface Duo Privacy Settings
.
Surface Duo location settings
. Surface Duo relies on Google location services to determine the device’s precise geographic location to display the local weather. The location of your Surface Duo can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. If you want Microsoft apps to be able to reference or display weather or other location related information, you need to enable Google location services and Microsoft location access. Some apps may require these settings be enabled independently for the app and can be set or changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings. The
Google Privacy Policy
provides details about Google’s location service and related data privacy practices. See
Surface Duo Location Settings
for more information.
Microsoft apps included with the Surface Duo
. The diagnostic data options for the core Surface Duo experience are configured when you initially set up your Surface Duo and can be changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings under the Diagnostic Data section.
The other Microsoft apps on your Surface Duo may prompt you to enable functionality to enable the full experience of the app or you may be asked to allow optional diagnostic data collection. You can change the settings for these apps in the Surface Duo Settings under the app name. More information about these apps is available in the
Productivity and communications products
and
Search and Browse
sections of this Privacy Statement.
Back to top
LinkedIn
To learn about the data LinkedIn collects and how it is used and shared, please see LinkedIn’s
Privacy Policy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Search and browse
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Bing
Bing services include search and mapping services, as well as other apps and programs described in this section. Bing services collect and process data in many forms, including text that has been inked or typed, voice data, and images. Bing services are also included within other Microsoft services, such as Microsoft 365, and certain features in Windows (which we refer to as Bing-powered experiences).
When you conduct a search, or use a feature of a Bing-powered experience that involves conducting a search or entering a command on your behalf, Microsoft will collect the searches or commands you provide (which may be in the form of text, voice data, or an image), along with your IP address, location, the unique identifiers contained in our cookies or similar technologies, the time and date of your search, and your browser configuration. For example, if you use Bing voice-enabled services, your voice input and performance data associated with the speech functionality will be sent to Microsoft. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
. And, if you use Bing image-enabled services, the image you provide will be sent to Microsoft. When you use Bing-powered experiences, such as Bing Lookup to search a particular word or phrase within a webpage or document, that word or phrase is sent to Bing along with some surrounding content in order to provide contextually relevant search results.
AI-enhanced Bing search
. Bing search now includes an AI-enhanced web search functionality, using Microsoft Copilot in Bing, which supports users by providing relevant search results, reviewing and summarizing from across the web, refining research queries through the chat experience, and sparking creativity by helping users create content. Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in this section. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
.
Search suggestions
. For the search suggestions feature, the characters that you type into a Bing-powered experience (such as search and site suggestions in the Microsoft Edge browser) to conduct a search and what you click on will be sent to Microsoft. This allows us to provide you with relevant suggestions as you type your searches. To turn this feature on or off, while using Bing Search, go to
Bing Settings
. There are other methods to control this feature in other Bing-powered experiences, such as the Microsoft Edge browser. Search Suggestions cannot be turned off in the search box in Windows 10 and Windows 11. If you choose, you can always hide the search box or icon on the taskbar.
Bing experience improvement program for Bing Desktop and Bing Toolbar
. If you are using Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar and choose to participate in the Bing Experience Improvement Program, we also collect additional data about how you use these specific Bing apps, such as the addresses of the websites you visit, to help improve search ranking and relevance. To help protect your privacy, we do not use the data collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program to identify or contact you or target advertising to you. You can turn off the Bing Experience Improvement Program at any time in the Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar settings. Finally, we delete the information collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program after 18 months.
Retention and de-identification
. We de-identify stored search queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Personalization through Microsoft account
. Some Bing services provide you with an enhanced experience when you sign in with your personal Microsoft account, for example, syncing your search history across devices. You can use these personalization features to customize your interests, favorites, and settings, and to connect your account with third-party services. Visit
Bing Settings
to manage your personalization settings, or the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
to manage your data.
Managing search history
. When you’re signed-in to a personal Microsoft account, you can erase your search and chat history on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. The Search History service from Bing, located in Bing Settings, provides another method of revisiting the search terms you've entered and results you've clicked when using Bing search through your browser. You may clear your search history on a device through this service. The conversations you have with Microsoft Copilot in Bing are also remembered as “Recent activity”. The history of previous Recent activities is saved, with the names of chats based by default on the first query of the chat. Your Recent activity is displayed on the right-hand side of the chat window when you are using the service. Clearing your history prevents that history from being displayed in your Search History or chat history, but does not delete information from our search logs, which are retained and de-identified as described above or as you have instructed through the privacy dashboard. If you are signed-in to a work or school Microsoft account using Microsoft Search in Bing, you can export your Microsoft Search in Bing search history, but you cannot delete it. Your Microsoft Search in Bing service administrator can see aggregated search history across all enterprise users but cannot see specific searches by user.
Third-party services that use Bing
. You may access Bing-powered experiences when using third-party services, such as those from Yahoo!. In order to provide these services, Bing receives data from these and other partners, including your search query and related data (such as date, time, IP address, and a unique identifier). This data will be sent to Microsoft to provide the search service. Microsoft will use this data as described in this statement or as further limited by our contractual obligations with our partners. You should refer to the privacy policies of the third-party services for any questions about how they collect and use data.
Data passed to destination website
. When you select a search result or advertisement from a Bing search results page and go to the destination website, the destination website will receive the standard data your browser sends to every web site you visit—such as your IP address, browser type and language, and the host name of the site you came from (in this case,
https://www.bing.com/
).
Sharing data from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with third parties
. We share some de-identified data (data where the identity of a specific person is not known) from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with selected third parties. Before we do so, we run the data through a process designed to remove certain sensitive data that users may have included in the search terms themselves (such as social security numbers or credit card numbers). Additionally, we require these third parties to keep the data secure and to not use the data for purposes other than for which it is provided.
Back to top
Microsoft Edge
Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' or online services’ web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Certain features in Microsoft Edge, such as when you open a new tab in the browser, connect you to Microsoft Start Content and your experiences with such content is covered by the Microsoft Start section of this privacy statement. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Microsoft Edge for Windows, Linux, and macOS
. Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows 10 and later and is also available on other supported versions of Windows and macOS.
Data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Clear Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Settings and More
. Allows you to manage your favorites, downloads, history, extensions, and collections.
Collections
. Allows you to collect text, images, videos, and other content in a note page in your browser. When you drag content into your collection, it is cached on your device and can be deleted through your collection.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Microsoft collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. When signed into Microsoft Edge using your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will sync your browser data saved on your device across other signed-in devices. You may choose which browser data to sync, including your favorites, browsing history, extensions and associated data, settings, open tabs, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), passwords, payment information, and other data types as they become available. If you choose to sync extensions that you acquired from third-party web stores, a copy of those extensions will be downloaded directly from those web stores on your synced device(s). If you have turned on Password Monitor, your saved credentials are hashed, encrypted and sent to Microsoft’s Password Monitor service to warn you if your credentials were detected as part of a malicious attack or a breach. Microsoft does not retain this data after the check is complete. You can disable or configure syncing in the Microsoft Edge settings.
When you sign into Microsoft Edge with your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will store your account’s privacy preferences. Microsoft Edge will use the stored preferences to migrate your account’s privacy choices across your signed-in devices, including during Windows device set up or when you sign into Microsoft Edge with your account on a new device.
Microsoft Edge’s
Search and site suggestions
uses your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search recommendations. Microsoft Edge sends the information you type into the browser address bar to the default search provider configured in the address bar to offer search recommendations as you type each character. You can turn off these features at any time in the browser settings. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge sends your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects and uses data from your search activity across the web, including websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services, such as Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing and Microsoft News. This data may include the search query, the search results that are displayed to you, demographic information that is part of the search results, and the interaction you have with those search results, such as the links you click. Microsoft Edge takes steps to de-identify the data it collects by removing data that identifies the person or device from which it was collected and retains this data for one year from when it is collected. Microsoft does not use this collected data to personalize or provide ads to you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Microsoft Edge downloads content from Microsoft services to enhance your browsing experiences; for example, when data is downloaded to prerender site content for faster browsing or to provide content required to power features you choose to use, such as providing templates for Collections.
You may also choose to share your Microsoft Edge browsing activity to allow us to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping, and news. Microsoft Edge browsing activity includes your history, favorites, usage data, web content, and other browsing data. For more information about our
advertising privacy policies
see the Advertising section of the privacy statement. In the Microsoft privacy dashboard you can control the use of your browsing activity for personalized ads in the
See ads that interest you
setting. If you disable this setting in the Microsoft privacy dashboard you will continue to receive personalized web experiences like search and news based on your browsing activity. You may stop sharing your Microsoft Edge browsing activity by disabling
Allow Microsoft to use your browsing activity including history, favorites, usage and other browsing data to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping and news
within Edge settings. When using Copilot features in the Microsoft Edge sidebar, you can choose to allow Microsoft Copilot in Edge to access the content of the webpage you are viewing in order to provide further insights, such as page summaries. Use of data connected with Copilot experiences is consistent with the Copilot data use described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and Windows.
Separate from your search activity data mentioned above, you can choose to send optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about your browser activity, including browsing history and search terms to Microsoft to help us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. For Microsoft Edge on Windows 10 and later, this information is provided when you have enabled optional diagnostic data. For details, see the Windows Diagnostics section of the privacy statement. For Microsoft Edge on other operating systems, optional diagnostic information is provided when you enable
Improve Microsoft products by sending data about how you use the browser
or
Make searches and Microsoft products better by sending info about websites you visit in Microsoft Edge
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual browser installation on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Learn more about Microsoft Edge, browsing data, and privacy
.
Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android
. Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android devices collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. Microsoft also collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge.
Additionally, you may share optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about websites you visit (browsing history) for personalized experiences on your browser, Windows, and other Microsoft products and services. This information also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. This optional diagnostic data is sent to us when you enable
Share usage data for personalization
or
Share info about websites you visit
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual user on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Microsoft Edge uses data from your search activity across the web, including search activity on websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services like Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing, and Microsoft News. The data Microsoft Edge collects may include personal data; however, Microsoft Edge takes steps to scrub and de-identify the data. Microsoft Edge does not use this data to personalize or provide ads for you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Learn more about Search results data for product improvement
.
For information about the privacy practices of legacy versions Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below), see the Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer section of the privacy statement.
Back to top
Microsoft Translator
Microsoft Translator is a machine translation system and service designed to automatically translate text and voice input between numerous supported languages. Microsoft Translator is made available as a stand-alone consumer app for Android, iOS, and Windows and its service capabilities are also integrated in a variety of Microsoft products and services, such as Translator Hub, Translator for Bing, and Translator for Microsoft Edge. Microsoft Translator processes the text, image, and voice data you submit, as well as device and usage data. We use this data to provide Microsoft Translator, personalize your experiences, and improve our products and services. Microsoft has implemented business and technical measures designed to help de-identify the data you submit to Microsoft Translator. For example, when we randomly sample text and audio to improve Microsoft Translator and Microsoft’s speech recognition technologies, we delete identifiers and certain text, such as email addresses and some number sequences, detected in the sample that could contain personal data. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Separate from Microsoft Translator, Microsoft translation services are available as features in other Microsoft products and services that have different privacy practices than Microsoft Translator. For more information on the Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services Translator Text API, Custom Translator, and Translator Speech API, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. For the Translate feature in Microsoft 365 apps and Skype, see the
Productivity and communications products
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
SwiftKey
The Microsoft SwiftKey keyboard and related cloud-based services (collectively, the “SwiftKey Services”) process data about words you use and how you type and use this data to learn your writing style and provide personalized autocorrection and predictive text that adapts to you. We also use this data to offer a range of other features, such as emoji predictions.
SwiftKey prediction technology learns from the way you use language to build a personalized language model. This model is an optimized view of the words and phrases that you use most often in context and reflects your unique writing style. The model itself contains the words you commonly type arranged in a way that enables SwiftKey’s algorithms to make predictions, based on text you have already entered. The model draws from all scenarios in which you use your keyboard, including when you type while using apps or visiting websites. The SwiftKey keyboard and model attempt to avoid collecting sensitive data, by not collecting data from certain fields such as those recognized as containing password or payment data. SwiftKey Services do not log or store, the data contained in your model, unless you choose to share your data with us (as described further below). When you use SwiftKey Services, we also collect device and usage data. When you sign into your SwiftKey account and agree to share the following data, we will use de-identified device data, usage data, and model data to analyze service performance and help improve our products.
The SwiftKey Services also include an optional cloud component called a SwiftKey Account. If you choose to create a SwiftKey Account, your language model will be synchronized with the SwiftKey Account cloud service, so you can benefit from that model on the different devices you use and access additional services such as prediction synchronization and backup. When you create a SwiftKey Account, Microsoft will also collect your email address and basic demographic data. All data collected is transferred to our servers over encrypted channels. If you are signed in to your SwiftKey account, you can control your personal data and SwiftKey account preferences at
data.swiftkey.com
.
As part of your SwiftKey account, you may also opt in to share your language and/or typing data for the purposes of improving Microsoft products and services. If you opt-in, SwiftKey may send short snippets of data about what and how you type and related correction data to our servers for processing. These text snippets are used in various automated processes to validate that our prediction services are working correctly and to make product improvements. To preserve your privacy, SwiftKey Services de-identify these text snippets, and even if you have a SwiftKey Account, these text snippets will not be linked to it.
If you sign into your SwiftKey Account and opt-in to share your language and typing data, Microsoft will process your shared data to look for new patterns of language usage across our user base. This allows us to improve our basic models for individual languages. Language and typing data used in this process is aggregated and any words or combinations of words that might be personal to individuals or small groups of users are filtered out.
You can withdraw your consent to share your language and typing data for product improvement at any time in SwiftKey Settings. You can also withdraw your consent for SwiftKey Services to retain your personal data in SwiftKey Settings. When you withdraw consent for SwiftKey to retain your personal data, all personal data collected through your use of the SwiftKey Services will be deleted.
You may receive occasional notifications on your device alerting you to product updates and features that may be of interest to you. You can disable these notifications at any time in the SwiftKey Settings.
When you use the camera feature in SwiftKey, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in SwiftKey keyboard, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the keyboard to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to SwiftKey or any third party.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Windows
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Activation
When you activate Windows, a specific product key is associated with the device on which your software is installed. The product key and data about the software and your device is sent to Microsoft to help validate your license to the software. This data may be sent again if there is a need to re-activate or validate your license. On phones running Windows, device and network identifiers, as well as device location at the time of the first power-up of the device, are also sent to Microsoft for the purpose of warranty registration, stock replenishment, and fraud prevention.
Back to top
Activity history
Activity history helps keep track of the things you do on your device, such as the apps and services you use, the files you open, and the websites you browse. Your activity history is created when using different apps and features such as Microsoft Edge Legacy, some Microsoft Store apps, and Microsoft 365 apps and is stored locally on your device.
You can turn settings off or on for storing activity history locally on your device, and you can also clear your device’s activity history at any time by going to
Privacy > Activity history
in the Windows settings app.
Learn more about activity history in Windows
.
Back to top
Advertising ID
Windows generates a unique advertising ID for each person using a device, which app developers and advertising networks can then use for their own purposes, including providing relevant advertising in apps. When the advertising ID is enabled, both Microsoft apps and third-party apps can access and use the advertising ID in much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Thus, your advertising ID can be used by app developers and advertising networks to provide more relevant advertising and other personalized experiences across their apps and on the web. Microsoft collects the advertising ID for the uses described here only when you choose to enable the advertising ID as part of your privacy setting.
The advertising ID setting applies to Windows apps using the Windows advertising identifier. You can turn off access to this identifier at any time by turning off the advertising ID in the Windows settings app. If you choose to turn it on again, the advertising ID will be reset and a new identifier will be generated. When a third-party app accesses the advertising ID, its use of the advertising ID will be subject to its own privacy policy.
Learn more about advertising ID in Windows
.
The advertising ID setting does not apply to other methods of interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft or third parties, such as cookies used to provide interest-based display ads on websites. Third-party products accessed through or installed on Windows may also deliver other forms of interest-based advertising subject to their own privacy policies. Microsoft delivers other forms of interest-based ads in certain Microsoft products, both directly and by partnering with third-party ad providers. For more information on how Microsoft uses data for advertising, see the
How we use personal data
section of this statement.
Back to top
Diagnostics
Microsoft collects Windows diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. It also helps us improve Windows and related Microsoft products and services. While the device is running, diagnostic data is collected and periodically transmitted to Microsoft and stored along with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device's service issues and use patterns.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data. Certain product documentation and other materials refer to Required diagnostic data as Basic diagnostic data and to Optional diagnostic data as Full diagnostic data.
If an organization (such as your employer or school) uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides to you and enrolls your device in the Windows diagnostic data processor configuration, Microsoft’s processing of diagnostic data in connection with Windows is governed by a contract between Microsoft and the organization. If an organization uses Microsoft management tools or engages Microsoft to manage your device, Microsoft and the organization will use and process diagnostic and error data from your device to allow the management, monitoring, and troubleshooting of your devices managed by the organization, and for other purposes of the organization.
Required diagnostic data
includes information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. We collect the following Required diagnostic data:
Device, connectivity, and configuration data:
Data about the device such as the processor type, OEM manufacturer, type of battery and capacity, number and type of cameras, firmware, and memory attributes.
Network capabilities and connection data such as the device’s IP address, mobile network (including IMEI and mobile operator), and whether the device is connected to a free or paid network.
Data about the operating system and its configuration such as the OS version and build number, region and language settings, diagnostics data settings, and whether the device is part of the Windows Insider program.
Data about connected peripherals such as model, manufacturer, drivers, and compatibility data.
Data about the applications installed on the device such as application name, version, and publisher.
Whether a device is ready for an update and whether there are factors that may impede the ability to receive updates, such as low battery, limited disk space, or connectivity through a paid network.
Whether updates complete successfully or fail.
Data about the reliability of the diagnostics collection system itself.
Basic error reporting, which is health data about the operating system and applications running on your device. For example, basic error reporting tells us if an application, such as Microsoft Paint or a third-party game, hangs or crashes.
Optional diagnostic data
includes more detailed information about your device and its settings, capabilities, and device health. Optional diagnostic data may also include data about the websites you browse, device activity (also sometimes referred to as usage), and enhanced error reporting that helps Microsoft to fix and improve products and services for all users. When you choose to send Optional diagnostic data, Required diagnostic data will always be included, and we collect the following additional information:
Additional data about the device, connectivity, and configuration, beyond that collected under Required diagnostic data.
Status and logging information about the health of operating system and other system components beyond that collected about the update and diagnostics systems under Required diagnostic data.
App activity, such as which programs are launched on a device, how long they run, and how quickly they respond to input.
Browser activity, including browsing history and search terms, in Microsoft browsers (Microsoft Edge or Internet Explorer).
Enhanced error reporting, including the memory state of the device when a system or app crash occurs (which may unintentionally contain user content, such as parts of a file you were using when the problem occurred).
Some of the data described above may not be collected from your device even if you choose to send Optional diagnostic data. Microsoft minimizes the volume of Optional diagnostic data it collects from all devices by collecting some of the data from only a subset of devices (sample). By running the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool, you can see an icon which indicates whether your device is part of a sample and also which specific data is collected from your device. Instructions for how to download the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool can be found in the Windows settings app under Diagnostics & feedback.
Specific data items collected in Windows diagnostics are subject to change to give Microsoft flexibility to collect the data needed for the purposes described. For example, to enable Microsoft to troubleshoot the latest performance issue impacting users’ computing experience or update a Windows device that is new to the market, Microsoft may need to collect data items that were not collected previously. For a current list of data types collected at
Required diagnostic data
and
Optional diagnostic data
, see
Windows Required (Basic level) diagnostic events and fields
or
Windows Optional (Full level) diagnostic data
. We provide limited portions of error report information to partners (such as the device manufacturer) to help them troubleshoot products and services which work with Windows and other Microsoft product and services. They are only permitted to use this information to repair or improve those products and services. We may also share some aggregated, de-identified diagnostic data, such as general usage trends for Windows apps and features, with selected third parties.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Inking and typing Recognition
. You also can choose to help Microsoft improve inking and typing recognition by sending inking and typing diagnostic data. If you choose to do so, Microsoft will collect samples of the content you type or write to improve features such as handwriting recognition, autocompletion, next word prediction, and spelling correction in the many languages used by Microsoft customers. When Microsoft collects inking and typing diagnostic data, it is divided into small samples and processed to remove unique identifiers, sequencing information, and other data (such as email addresses and numeric values) which could be used to reconstruct the original content or associate the input to you. It also includes associated performance data, such as changes you manually make to text, as well as words you've added to the dictionary.
Learn more about improving inking and typing in Windows
.
Back to top
Personalized offers
If you choose to turn on
Personalized offers
, we will use information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, in combination with your account info and data collected by other Microsoft products and services to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance your Windows experiences. Personalized offers include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware to enhance your Windows experiences. For example, Windows might tell you about new features to help you get the most out of your device. If you stream movies in your browser, Windows might recommend an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows might recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to add more storage.
When Personalized offers is on, Windows may use your required diagnostic data to personalize offers. This data may include information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have decided to share optional diagnostic data, the data used to personalize offers may also include information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. We may also use information about your device and your activity to personalize offers locally on your device, even when the data does not leave your device. We do not use the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalizing offers.
In addition to information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, we may use or combine the following data from other Microsoft products and your account with Windows diagnostic data to personalize offers:
Web activity, if you give Microsoft Edge permission to collect your web activity for personalized search, ads, and news.
Info about your use of other Microsoft products and services, including Microsoft Bing, Microsoft 365, Xbox, and Microsoft websites, such as MSN.com.
Subscription and purchase history.
Data from third-party websites which may be shared with Microsoft.
We may also use information about your interactions with tips, recommendations, and promotions to provide and improve the personalized offers and similar messages in other Microsoft products.
To manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers, you can visit your
Personalized ads and offers page
. The data we use to personalize offers may change over time, but this page will always have the latest list of data sources so you can make decisions on how your data is used by Microsoft. In some regions such as the European Economic Area, turning off Personalized offers on Windows also stops the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize tips, ads, and recommendations in Windows. In other regions, you can manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers by visiting your
Personalized ads and offers page
.
Contextual data from your device and some basic account data are used to show you appropriate messaging in Windows regardless of whether the Personalized offers setting or the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize offers are turned off. For example, this data is used to make sure content is in the correct language and appropriate for your age group.
Personalized offers applies to tips, offers, ads, and recommendations you see in Windows. Changing this setting will not impact the kinds of offers you may see in other Microsoft products. You can change this setting at any time by searching for
Personalized offers
in the Windows Settings app.
Learn more about personalized offers
.
Tailored experiences
Tailored experiences is being replaced by Personalized offers in more recent versions of Windows. If you have not installed the latest Windows Update, you may still see Tailored experiences on your device.
If you choose to turn on Tailored experiences, we will use your Windows diagnostic data (Required or Optional as you have selected) to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance Microsoft experiences. If you have selected Required as your diagnostic data setting, personalization is based on information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have selected Optional, personalization is also based on information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. However, we do not use information about the websites you browse, the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalization when we receive such data from customers who have selected Optional. Tailored experiences data is transmitted to Microsoft and stored with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device’s service issues and use patterns.
Tailored experiences include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware for your Windows experiences. For example, to help you get the most out of your device, we may tell you about features you may not know about or that are new. If you are having a problem with your Windows device, you may be offered a solution. You may be offered a chance to customize your lock screen with pictures, or to be shown more pictures of the kind you like, or fewer of the ones you do not. If you stream movies in your browser, you may be recommended an app from the Microsoft store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows may recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to gain more space.
Learn more about tailored experiences in Windows
.
Back to top
Feedback Hub
Feedback Hub provides a way to gather feedback on Microsoft products and installed first party and third-party apps. When you use Feedback Hub, Feedback Hub periodically reads the installed app list to determine apps for which feedback can be sent. Feedback Hub determines the apps installed in your device through public APIs. Additionally, for HoloLens, Feedback Hub uses your camera and microphone when you choose to share surroundings and audio input. It also uses picture and document library to access screenshots and screen recordings that you attach for sending as part of feedback.
You can sign into Feedback Hub using either your personal Microsoft account or an account provided by your organization (such as your employer or school) that you use to sign into Microsoft products. Signing in with your work or school account allows you to submit feedback to Microsoft in association with your organization. Any feedback you provide whether using your work or school account or personal Microsoft account may be publicly viewable depending on the settings configured by your organization’s administrators. Additionally, if feedback is provided using your work or school account, your feedback can be viewed through the Feedback Hub or via admin center by your organization’s administrators.
When you submit feedback to Microsoft about a problem or add more details to a problem, diagnostic data will be sent to Microsoft to improve Microsoft products and services. Depending on your Diagnostic data settings in the
Diagnostics & feedback
section of the Windows settings, Feedback Hub will either send diagnostic data automatically or you will have the option to send it to Microsoft at the time you provide feedback. Based on the category chosen when submitting feedback, there may be additional personal data collected that helps to further troubleshoot issues; for example, location related information when submitting feedback about location services or gaze related information when submitting feedback on Mixed Reality. Microsoft may also share your feedback along with the data collected when you submit your feedback with Microsoft partners (such as a device manufacturer, or firmware developer) to help them troubleshoot products and services that work with Windows and other Microsoft products and services.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Back to top
Get Help
Get Help enables Windows users to get technical support on Windows and other Microsoft applications.  It provides self-service support (such as links to help articles or directions on how Windows users can solve problems on their own), Diagnostics, and connecting the customer to a live Microsoft agent as appropriate. You can sign into the Get Help component with your Microsoft account to create a consumer support case.  Enterprise account users may also be permitted to create a customer support case depending on their organization’s support contract, and if enabled by their tenant administrator.
Get Help may suggest you run a Diagnostic. If you consent, diagnostic data is handled in accordance with the
Diagnostics
section.
If permitted by system settings, the system microphone may be used to capture the support question instead of your needing to type. You can control this in the “Microphone Privacy Settings” in the Windows Settings application. Get Help will also access your Application List to aid in opening the Feedback Hub to the correct app if you choose to start the feedback process within Get Help. All feedback will be entered and controlled by the Feedback Hub, as described in the Feedback Hub section of this Privacy Statement. Get Help does not use your location data as part of its services.
Back to top
Live captions
Live captions transcribe audio to help with the comprehension of spoken content. Live captions can generate captions from any audio containing speech, whether the audio is online, audio you have downloaded to your device, or audio received from your microphone. By default, transcribing microphone audio is disabled.
Voice data that is captioned is only processed on your device and is not shared to the cloud or with Microsoft.
Learn more about live captions
.
Back to top
Location services and recording
Windows location service
. Microsoft operates a location service that helps determine the precise geographic location of a specific Windows device. Depending on the capabilities of the device, the device’s location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. When you have enabled location on a Windows device, or you have given permission for Microsoft apps to access location information on non-Windows devices, data about cell towers and Wi-Fi access points and their locations is collected by Microsoft and added to the location database after removing any data identifying the person or device from which it was collected. This de-identified location information is used to improve Microsoft's location services.
Windows services and features, apps running on Windows, and websites opened in Windows browsers can access the device’s location through Windows if your settings allow them to do so. Some features and apps request location permission when you first install Windows, some ask the first time you use the app, and others ask every time you access the device’s location. For information about certain Windows apps that use the device’s location, see the
Windows apps
section of this privacy statement.
When an app or feature accesses the device’s location and you are signed in with a Microsoft account, your Windows device will also upload its location to the cloud where it is available across your devices to other apps or services that use your Microsoft account and for which you’ve granted permission. We will retain only the last known location (each new location replaces the previous one). Data about a Windows device's recent location history is also stored on the device even if not using a Microsoft account, and certain apps and Windows features can access this location history. You can clear your device's location history at any time in the Windows settings app.
In the Windows settings app, you can also view which apps have access to the device’s precise location or your device's location history, turn off or on access to the device’s location for particular apps, or turn off access to the device’s location. You can also set a default location, which will be used when the location service can’t detect a more exact location for your device.
There are some exceptions to how your device’s location can be determined that are not directly managed by the location settings.
Desktop apps are a specific type of app that won’t ask for separate permission to discover your device location information and won’t appear in the list that allows you to choose apps that can use your location. They can be downloaded from the Microsoft Store, downloaded from the internet, or installed with some type of media (such as a CD, DVD, or USB storage device). They’re opened using an .EXE, .MSI, or .DLL file, and they typically run on your device, unlike web-based apps (which run in the cloud).
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to determine your device’s location when the device’s location setting is off
.
Some web-based experiences or third-party apps that surface on Windows could use other technologies (such as Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, cellular modem, etc.) or cloud-based location services to determine your device’s location with varying degrees of accuracy even when you’ve turned off the device location setting.
In addition, to facilitate getting help in an emergency, whenever you make an emergency call, Windows will attempt to determine and share your precise location, regardless of your location settings. If your device has a SIM card or is otherwise using cellular service, your mobile operator will have access to your device’s location.
Learn more about location in Windows
.
General Location
. If you turn on Location services, apps that cannot use your precise location may still have access to your general location, such as your city, postal code, or region.
Find my device
. The Find my device feature allows an administrator of a Windows device to find the location of that device from account.microsoft.com/devices. To enable Find my device, an administrator needs to be signed in with a Microsoft account and have the location setting enabled. This feature will work even if other users have denied access to location for all their apps. When the administrator attempts to locate the device, users will see a notification in the notification area.
Learn more about Find my device in Windows
.
Recording
. Some Windows devices have a recording feature that allows you to capture audio and video clips of your activity on the device, including your communications with others. If you choose to record a session, the recording will be saved locally on your device. In some cases, you may have the option to transmit the recording to a Microsoft product or service that broadcasts the recording publicly.
Important: You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording and/or transmitting any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use recording features or your recordings.
Back to top
Narrator
Narrator is a built-in screen reader tool that helps you use Windows without a screen. Narrator offers intelligent image and page title description and web page summaries when you encounter undescribed images and ambiguous links.
When you choose to get an image description by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the image will be sent to Microsoft to perform analysis of the image and generate a description. Images are used only to generate the description and are not stored by Microsoft.
When you choose to get page title descriptions by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the page title description and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing services as described in the Bing section above.
When you choose to get a list of popular links for a web page by pressing Narrator + double press of S, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the summary of popular links and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing.
You can disable these features at any time by going to
Narrator>Get image descriptions, page titles and popular links
in Settings in Windows.
You can also send feedback about Narrator to help Microsoft diagnose and resolve problems with Narrator and improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows. Verbal feedback can be submitted at any time in Narrator by using Narrator Key + Alt + F. When you use this command, the Feedback Hub app will launch, giving you the opportunity to submit verbal feedback. If you enable the setting “Help Make Narrator Better” in the Windows settings app and submit verbal feedback through Feedback Hub, recent device and usage data, including event trace log (ETL) data, will be submitted along with your verbal feedback to improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows.
Back to top
Phone Link - Link to Windows
The Phone Link feature lets you link your Android phone with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone via Bluetooth to connect to your Windows PC. Your Android device will link with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone will link via Bluetooth, enabling a variety of cross-device experiences across all your Windows devices where you are signed in or connected via Bluetooth. You can use Phone Link to see recent photos from your Android phone on your Windows device; make and receive live calls from your Android phone on your Windows device; view and send text messages from your Windows device; view, dismiss, or perform other actions to your Android phone notifications from your Windows device; share your phone screen on your Windows device through Phone Link’s mirroring function; and instantly access Android apps installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. You can use Phone Link to make and receive calls from your iPhone, view and send text messages, and view, dismiss, or perform other actions on your iPhone notification from your Windows device.
To use Phone Link, Link to Windows must be installed on your Android device. You may also optionally download Phone Link to your iPhone.
To use Phone Link, you must log into your Microsoft account on the Phone Link feature on your Windows device and on Link to Windows on your Android phone or Bluetooth enabled on your iPhone. Your Android phone and your Windows device must be connected to the internet. Some features will require you to enable Bluetooth and pair your phone with your PC. To use the Calls feature, your Android phone must also have Bluetooth enabled.
During setting up your Windows device, you can choose to link your phone with your Microsoft account. This is done by signing into Link to Windows on your Android phone, granting permissions and completing the onboarding experience. Once complete, Link to Windows will sync your data to all your Windows PCs where you have signed into your Microsoft account. See below for details on how your data is used.
As part of providing Phone Link’s features to you, Microsoft collects performance, usage, and device data that includes, for example, the hardware capabilities of your mobile phone and Windows device, the number and duration of your sessions on Phone Link, and the amount of time you spent during setup.
You can unlink your Android phone from your Windows device at any time by going into your Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your Android phone. You can do the same from the settings in Link to Windows on your Android phone. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
You can unlink your iPhone from your Windows device at any time by going into Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your iPhone. You can do the same from your iPhone by going into
Settings > Bluetooth > Selecting your PC name > click on the (i) icon >
and choosing
Forget This Device
. All users can remove the Bluetooth pairing by disabling the experiences.
Text Messages – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your Android phone on your Windows device and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within the last 30 days are visible on your Windows device. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your Android phone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) on Android devices, and messages sent via RCS (Rich Communication Services) on select Samsung devices on select mobile operator networks. To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Text Messages – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your iPhone on your Windows devices and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within your Bluetooth session or iMessage are visible on your Windows devices. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your iPhone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service). To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Calls – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your Android phone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable certain permissions on both your Windows device and Android phone, such as call logs access and permission to make phone calls from your PC. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone's settings. Only calls received and dialed within the last 30 days are visible under call logs on your Windows device. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your Android phone.
Calls – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your iPhone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable Sync Contacts feature under Bluetooth settings on your iPhone. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your iPhone.
Photos – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to copy, share, edit, save, or delete photos from your Android phone on your Windows device. Only a limited number of your most recent photos from the Camera Roll and Screenshots folders on your Android phone will be visible on your Windows device at any given time. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows device and as you take more photos on your Android phone, we remove the temporary copies of the older photos from your Windows device. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your Android phone.
Notifications – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your Android phone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions, such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and Android phone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone’s settings. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
Notifications – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view your iPhone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your iPhone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and iPhone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your iPhone’s Bluetooth settings.
Phone Screen Mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices
, Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s screen on your Windows device. Your Android phone screen will be visible on your Windows device as a pixel stream and any audio that you enable on your Android phone screen while it is linked to your Windows device through Phone Link will play through your Android phone.
Apps mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to use your Android apps that are installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. For example, you can launch a music app in your Windows session and listen to audio from that app on your PC speakers. Microsoft collects a list of your installed Android apps and recent activity to provide the service and show you your most recently used apps. Microsoft does not store what apps you have installed or any of the information displayed by the app in your experience with it.
Content transfer – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to copy and paste contents such as files, documents, photos, etc. between your Android phone and your Windows device. You can transfer content from your Android phone to your Windows device and from your Windows device to your Android phone by drag and drop contents between the devices.
Instant Hotspot – Android devices.
On supported devices, Link to Windows enables users to share mobile hotspot information with their paired PC over secure Bluetooth communication. Your PC can then be connected to the internet through the Windows network flyout. Please note mobile data charges may apply depending on the mobile data plan you have.
Contacts sync – Android devices.
Link to Windows allows you to sync your Android contacts into the Microsoft cloud to access them in other Microsoft products and services. You can enable this feature by going into Link to Windows settings and enabling “Contacts sync” feature. Your contacts information is stored online and associated with your Microsoft account. You may choose to disable sync and delete these contacts at any time.
Learn more
.
Contacts sync – iPhone.
Phone Link allows you to sync your contacts from your iPhone to access them for messaging and calling. You can enable this feature by going into Bluetooth settings on your iPhone and toggle on Sync Contacts under your PC name after connecting your iPhone to Phone Link. You may choose to disable syncing at any time by toggling off Sync Contacts.
Text-to-voice.
Phone Link features include accessibility functionality such as text-to-voice. You can activate a text-to-voice feature, which allows you to hear the contents of a text message or notification as audio. If you activate this feature, your text messages and notifications will be read out loud as they are received.
Office Enterprise – Android Devices.
Link to Windows allows you to insert photos into web and desktop versions of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word directly from your mobile phone. This requires your IT Administrator to have enabled Optional Connected Experiences for Microsoft Office applications and you will need to associate your mobile device with your work or school account and provide Photos permission to your account. After onboarding, your session will last 15 minutes to enable you to transfer your Photos from your mobile device. To use this feature again, you will need to scan your QR code. Link to Windows does not collect your work or school account information or information about your Enterprise. In order to provide this service, Microsoft uses a cloud service to relay your files for the purpose of inserting the photos into web and desktop version of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word files.
Back to top
Cross-device experiences
Cross-device experiences in Windows allow you to access your mobile device from your PC using your Microsoft Account. These can be managed under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in your Windows PC Settings. As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects performance usage and device data, including information about the hardware capabilities of your mobile and Windows devices. You can turn this feature on or off at any time in your Windows PC Settings.
Use your mobile device as a connected camera.
This feature allows you to use your mobile device’s camera in apps or products on Windows that support camera functionality. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft does not record or store your camera sessions or any of the information displayed by your camera in any of the applications or products.
Get new photo notifications from your mobile device.
This feature allows you to receive notifications from your linked mobile device on your Windows PC. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows PC while you are editing or opening those photos. You will need to initiate saving to your PC to store those photos until you decide to delete them. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your mobile device.
Show your mobile device in File Explorer
. This feature allows you to access your mobile device’s files in File Explorer. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft will not store your file contents in its services.
Back to top
Security and safety features
Device encryption
. Device encryption helps protect the data stored on your device by encrypting it using BitLocker Drive Encryption technology. When device encryption is on, Windows automatically encrypts the drive Windows is installed on and generates a recovery key. The BitLocker recovery key for your personal device is automatically backed up online in your personal Microsoft OneDrive account. Microsoft doesn't use your individual recovery keys for any purpose.
Malicious Software Removal Tool
. The Malicious Software Removal Tool (MSRT) runs on your device at least once per month as part of Windows Update. MSRT checks devices for infections by specific, prevalent malicious software ("malware") and helps remove any infections found. When the MSRT runs, it will remove the malware listed on the Microsoft Support website if the malware is on your device. During a malware check, a report will be sent to Microsoft with specific data about malware detected, errors, and other data about your device. If you do not want MSRT to send this data to Microsoft, you can disable MSRT's reporting component.
Microsoft Family
. Parents can use Microsoft Family Safety to understand and set boundaries on how their child is using their device. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group. If you live in a region that requires permission to create an account to access Microsoft services, you may be prompted to request or give parental consent. If a user is under the statutory age in your region, during the registration process they will be prompted to request consent from a parent or guardian by entering an adult’s email. When Family activity reporting is turned on for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their device and provide parents with reports of that child's activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen and Smart App Control
. Microsoft strives to help protect your device and passwords from unsafe apps, files, and web content.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen helps protect you when using our services by identifying threats to you, your device, and your passwords. These threats might include potentially unsafe apps or web content that Microsoft Defender SmartScreen discovers while checking websites you visit, files you download, and apps you install and run. When Microsoft Defender SmartScreen checks web and app content, data about the content and your device is sent to Microsoft, including the full web address of the content. When additional analysis is needed to identify security threats, information about the suspicious website or app—such as content displayed, sounds played, and application memory—may be sent to Microsoft. This data will only be used for security purposes in detecting, protecting against, and responding to security incidents, identity theft, fraud, or other malicious, deceptive, or illegal activities. If Microsoft Defender SmartScreen detects that content is potentially unsafe, you will see a warning in place of the content. Microsoft Defender SmartScreen can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Where supported, Smart App Control helps check software that is installed and runs on your device to determine if it is malicious, potentially unwanted, or poses other threats to you and your device. On a supported device, Smart App Control starts in evaluation mode and the data we collect for Microsoft Defender SmartScreen such as file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates, is used to help determine whether your device is a good candidate to use Smart App Control for additional security protection. Smart App Control is not enabled and will not block during evaluation mode. Some devices may not be good candidates if Smart App Control would otherwise get in the way and interfere with a user’s otherwise intended and legitimate tasks – for instance, developers who use a lot of unsigned files. If you are a good candidate for Smart App Control, then it will automatically be turned on, and will provide additional protection to your device beyond Microsoft Defender SmartScreen. Otherwise, Smart App Control will be unavailable and permanently turned off. If your device is unsupported or not a good candidate for Smart App Control, Microsoft Defender SmartScreen will continue to help protect your device. When Smart App Control is enabled and identifies an app as malicious, potentially unwanted, or unknown and unsigned, it will block and notify you prior to opening, running, or installing the app.
Learn more about Smart App Control
.
When either Microsoft Defender SmartScreen or Smart App Control checks a file, data about that file is sent to Microsoft, including the file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates.
Smart App Control can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Microsoft Defender Antivirus
. Microsoft Defender Antivirus looks for malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content on your device. Microsoft Defender Antivirus is automatically turned on to help protect your device if no other antimalware software is actively protecting your device. If Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, it will monitor the security status of your device. When Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, or is running because Limited Periodic Scanning is enabled, it will automatically send reports to Microsoft that contain data about suspected malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content, and it may also send files that could contain malicious content, such as malware or unknown files for further inspection. If a report is likely to contain personal data, the report is not sent automatically, and you'll be prompted before it is sent. You can configure Microsoft Defender Antivirus not to send reports and suspected malware to Microsoft.
Back to top
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Speech
. Microsoft provides both a device-based speech recognition feature and cloud-based (online) speech recognition technologies.
Turning on the Online speech recognition setting lets apps use Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition. Additionally, in Windows 10, the Online speech recognition setting enables your ability to use dictation within Windows.
Turning on speech while setting up a HoloLens device or installing Windows Mixed Reality allows you to use your voice for commands, dictation, and app interactions. Both device-based speech recognition and online speech recognition settings will be enabled. With both settings enabled, while your headset is turned on the device will always be listening to your voice input and will send your voice data to Microsoft’s cloud-based speech recognition technologies.
When you use cloud-based speech recognition technologies from Microsoft, whether enabled by the Online speech recognition setting or when you interact with HoloLens or voice typing, Microsoft collects and uses your voice recordings to provide the speech recognition service by creating a text transcription of the spoken words in the voice data. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
You can use device-based speech recognition without sending your voice data to Microsoft. However, Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition technologies provide more accurate recognition than the device-based speech recognition. When the online speech recognition setting is turned off, speech services that do not rely on the cloud and only use device-based recognition—like live captions, Narrator, or voice access—will still work and Microsoft won’t collect any voice data.
You can turn off online speech recognition at any time. This will stop any apps that rely on the Online speech recognition setting from sending your voice data to Microsoft. If you are using a HoloLens or Windows Mixed Reality headset, you can also turn off device-based speech recognition at any time. This will stop the device from listening for your voice input.
Learn more about speech recognition in Windows
.
Voice Activation
. Windows provides supported apps with the ability to respond and take action based on voice keywords that are specific to that app.
If you’ve given permission for an app to listen for voice keywords, Windows will be actively listening to the microphone for these keywords. Once a keyword is recognized, the app will have access to your voice recording, can process the recording, take action, and respond, such as with a spoken answer. The app may send the voice recording to its own services in the cloud to process the commands. Each app should ask you for permission before accessing voice recordings.
Additionally, voice activation can be enabled when the device is locked. If enabled, the relevant app will continue listening to the microphone for voice keywords when you have locked your device and can activate for anyone who speaks near the device. When the device is locked, the app will have access to the same set of capabilities and information as when the device is unlocked.
You can turn off voice activation at any time.
Learn more about voice activation in Windows
.
Even when you’ve turned off voice activation, some third-party desktop apps and services could still be listening to the microphone and collect your voice input.
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to access your microphone even with these settings turned off
.
Voice typing
. In Windows 11, dictation has been updated and renamed as voice typing. Voice typing may use both device-based and online speech recognition technologies to power its speech-to-text transcription service. You can also choose to contribute voice clips to help improve voice typing. If you choose not to contribute voice clips, you can still use voice typing. You can change your selection anytime in the voice typing settings. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Voice access
. Windows enables everyone, including people with mobility disabilities, to control their PC and author text using their voice. For example, voice access supports scenarios like opening and switching between apps, browsing the web, and reading and authoring mail. Voice access leverages modern, on-device speech recognition to accurately recognize speech and is supported without an internet connection. When a user invokes voice access it uses the device microphone.
Learn more about voice access
.
Inking & Typing Personalization
. Your typed and handwritten words are collected to provide you with a custom word list, better character recognition to help you type and write on your device, and text suggestions that appear as you type or write.
You can turn off inking & typing personalization at any time. This will delete your customer word list stored on your device. If you turn it back on, you’ll need to recreate your custom word list.
Learn more about inking & typing personalization in Windows
.
Back to top
Sync and backup settings
When you sign into Windows with your Microsoft account, Windows can store your settings, files, and device configuration data in Microsoft’s servers. Windows will only use the stored settings, files, and device configuration data to make it easier for you to migrate your experience on a different device.
You can turn off this feature and stop Windows from storing your settings, files, and configuration data from the Windows settings. You can delete the data that has been backed up previously to your Microsoft account, by visiting
your Microsoft Account Devices page
.
Learn more about Windows backup and sync settings
.
Back to top
Update Services
Update Services for Windows includes Windows Update and Microsoft Update. Windows Update is a service that provides you with software updates for Windows software and other supporting software, such as drivers and firmware supplied by device manufacturers. Microsoft Update is a service that provides you with software updates for other Microsoft software such as Microsoft 365.
Windows Update automatically downloads Windows software updates to your device. You can configure Windows Update to automatically install these updates as they become available (recommended) or have Windows notify you when a restart is required to finish installing updates. Apps available through the Microsoft Store are automatically updated through the Microsoft Store, as described in the
Microsoft Store
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
This section applies to legacy versions of Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below). See the
Microsoft Edge
section of the Privacy Statement for information about non-legacy versions of Microsoft Edge.
Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows. Internet Explorer, the legacy browser from Microsoft, is also available in Windows. Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Additionally, data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Delete Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Web note
. Allows you to create ink and text annotations on the webpages you visit, and clip, save, or share them.
Active reading
. Allows you to create and manage reading lists, including websites or documents.
Hub
. Allows you to easily manage your reading lists, favorites, downloads, and history all in one area.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Some Microsoft browser information saved on your device will be synced across other devices when you sign in with your Microsoft account so you can access your data on all your signed-in browsers across your devices. For instance, in Internet Explorer, this information includes your browsing history and favorites; and in Microsoft Edge, it includes your favorites, reading lists, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), and may include data for extensions that you have installed. As an example, if you sync your Microsoft Edge reading list across devices, copies of the content you choose to save to your reading list will be sent to each synced device for later viewing. You can disable syncing in Internet Explorer by going to
Start
>
Settings
>
Accounts
>
Sync your settings
. (For more information, see the
Sync settings
section of this privacy statement.) You can also disable syncing of Microsoft Edge browser information by turning off the sync option in Microsoft Edge Settings.
Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer use your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search results. These features include:
Search suggestions
in Internet Explorer automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to your default search provider (such as Bing) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
Search and site suggestions
in Microsoft Edge automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to Bing (even if you have selected another default search provider) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
You can turn off these features at any time. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer send your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider when the app is used. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Windows AI Features
Click to Do
Click to Do can run in partnership with Recall or as a stand-alone feature. Once started, you can use Click to Do to capture and analyze screenshots and identify the presence of text and images, then allowing you to take relevant actions for each. For instance, Click to Do can give you options to edit a screenshot image, or revise or rework text that it captures. Click to Do is unable to identify the content of the text or images identified within a screenshot, but you can use local AI and other tools to modify the content if you wish. Everything remains on your local device unless you make an explicit choice, like sending an image off to Bing for a search, asking Click to Do to provide a summary of text the user has selected (in which case it will be sent to Microsoft’s Azure AI cloud service), or using another local AI or other tool to modify a Click to Do screenshot.
Click to Do also allows you to use your microphone to search for text within a capture screenshot. When you click on the microphone button, Click to Do starts listening to what’s said, which is entered into the Search box, and will highlight all the matches from the search. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Windows Recall
Recall is a Windows feature only available in CoPilot+ PCs that allows users to find things they've seen on their device using the text and visual clues they remember. To use Recall, a user must opt-in to save snapshots on their Copilot+ PC, which are images of everything open and visible on the user’s screen and include associated metadata such as the app name and time-date stamp. All data is stored locally on the device and is protected with Windows Hello Enhanced Sign-in Security (ESS), which provides more secure biometric sign-ins and helps ensure only the customer can have access to their information. Every time a user launches Recall they will be asked to authenticate using Windows Hello biometric sign-in or PIN before the contents of the snapshot folder will decrypt. Click to Do runs on top of snapshots in Recall and helps the user get things done faster by allowing them to take actions with their content, either images or text, on the screen. The analysis of snapshots is always performed locally on the device and the actions available to take change based on what kind of content is detected.
Recall also allows you to use your Copilot+ PC device microphone as a way to search for text within captured snapshots. When you click on the microphone button located inside the Search input box within the Recall window, it starts listening to what’s said and enters it into the Search box. The microphone remains in use until you pause your speech, at which point it is turned off until you explicitly press the microphone button again. All the matches from the search will be highlighted in the results. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Data captured by Recall including personal data (e.g., snapshots, metadata, processing results, and user queries) remain local to the device within your signed-in account on the Copilot+ PC, and is not transmitted off the device unless you take certain action. For example, if you copy and paste a snapshot into another app, or choose to include a snapshot when submitting feedback through the Windows Feedback Hub. The only way Recall content can be shared with anyone is by explicit on-device action taken by the user.
You can control your content (such as Snapshots, metadata, search queries, and history) by pausing or deleting snapshots, filtering content, or using a supported browser in privacy mode. Learn more about your privacy and control over your Recall experience
here
.
In addition to the Recall search feature, Recall also has a timeline, in which your snapshots are organized chronologically and visualized in a horizontal scrollbar that you can use to find and leverage your past activities on your PC. In addition to the features available within the timeline, you can delete snapshots from this view, either individually or by all snapshots containing a website domain (e.g., all from www.bing.com) or those from a specific app.
Recall also has a Sensitive Content filter that is on by default to help prevent the retention of information that might be more delicate in nature (e.g., credit card numbers, state issued ID numbers, etc.). Users can turn this filter off if they wish in Windows Settings.
Back to top
Windows apps
A number of Microsoft apps are included with Windows and others are available in Microsoft Store. Some of those apps include:
Maps app
. The Maps app provides location-based services and uses Bing services to process your searches within the Maps app. When the Maps app has access to your location, and you have enabled location-based services in Windows, when you use the “@” key to initiate a search in supported text boxes in Windows apps, Bing services collects the text you type after the “@” key to provide location-based suggestions. To learn more about these Bing-powered experiences, see the
Bing
section of this privacy statement. When the Maps app has access to your location, even when the app is not in use, Microsoft may collect de-identified location data from your device to improve Microsoft services. You can disable the Maps app's access to your location by turning off the location service or turning off the Maps app's access to the location service.
You can keep track of your favorite places and recent map searches in the Maps app. Your favorite places and search history will be included as search suggestions. If you grant the Maps app access to your camera, you’ll be able to capture the location of where your photos took place – for instance, a photo of your car will also tell you where your car is parked. You can also share your location with other people in your contacts. If you're signed in with your Microsoft account, your favorite places, search history, and certain app settings will be synced across other devices and services. For more information, see the
Sync and backup settings
section of this privacy statement.
Camera app
. If you allow the Camera app to use your location, location data is embedded in the photos and videos you take with your device. Other descriptive data, such as camera model and the date that the picture or video was taken, is also embedded in photos and videos. If you choose to share a photo or video, any embedded data will be accessible to the people and services you share with. Once enabled, you can always disable the Camera app's access to your location by turning off all access to the location service in your device's Settings menu or turning off the Camera app's access to the location service.
When the Camera app is open, it shows rectangles detected by the selected camera for areas in the image that are potentially used for image enhancement. The Camera app does not retain any image enhancing data. You can always change your camera access settings in the Windows Settings menu. The Camera app uses various device capabilities such as location, camera, microphone, video, and picture library. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Photos app
. There are two versions of the Photos app available. The updated Photos app includes features like iCloud integration and local and cloud folder views. The previous legacy version of the Photos app includes features like Video Editor, the People tab, and Albums. You are using the updated Photos app if the “About” section in the Photos app settings indicates the app is the “Updated” Photos app. In some cases, a user may have both the updated Photos app and the Photos legacy version downloaded on their device.
The updated Photos app helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. For example, the Photos app presents different ways to group photos and videos by name, date taken, or date modified, and also in folders where those files are stored, such as stored locally on your device or synced to your device from OneDrive, iCloud, and other cloud services. The app also allows you to move, copy or upload files to different locations on your computer or to OneDrive. The All Photos tab displays your locally stored or synced photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Favorites tab lets you view photos and videos you previously liked or favorited. The Folders tab allows you to view photos or videos by their storage location. There are also tabs where you can see your photos and videos from available cloud services (such as OneDrive and other third-party services) that you have synced to your device.
The Photos legacy app also helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. However, if you are using the Photos legacy app, you may see other features that are not available in the newer version of the Photos app, including Collections, Albums, Video Editor and the People setting. The Collection tab displays photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Albums tab helps you organize your photos and videos by location and common tags. The Video Editor allows you to edit, create, and share videos.
The People setting can be enabled on the Photos legacy app's Settings page and in the People tab of the app. When enabled, the Photos legacy app will use face grouping technology to organize your photos and videos into groups. The grouping feature can detect faces in a photo or video and determine whether they are visually similar to faces in other photos and videos in your local photo collection. You can choose to associate a facial grouping with a contact from your People app.
When enabled in the Photos legacy app, your groupings will be stored on your device for as long as you choose to keep the groupings or the photos or videos. If the People setting is turned on, there will be a prompt to allow the Photos legacy app to continue to permit facial groupings after three years of non-interaction with the Photos legacy app. At any time, you can go to the Settings page in the Photos legacy app to turn the People setting on or off. Turning the feature off will remove facial grouping data from the Photos legacy app but will not remove your photos or videos.
Learn more about the Photos legacy app and facial grouping
.
If you choose to share a photo or video using the Photos app or the Photos legacy app, any embedded data (such as location, camera model, and date) will be accessible to the people and services you share the photo or video with.
People app
. The People app lets you see and interact with all your contacts in one place. When you add an account to the People app, your contacts from your account will be automatically added to the People app. You can add other accounts to the People app, including your social networks (such as Facebook and Twitter) and email accounts. When you add an account, we tell you what data the People app can import or sync with the particular service and let you choose what you want to add. Other apps you install may also sync data to the People app, including providing additional details to existing contacts. When you view a contact in the People app, information about your recent interactions with the contact (such as emails and calendar events, including from apps that the People app syncs data from) will be retrieved and displayed to you. You can remove an account from the People app at any time.
Mail and Calendar app
. The Mail and Calendar app allows you to connect all your email, calendars, and files in one place, including those from third-party email and file storage providers. The app provides location-based services, such as weather information in your calendar, but you can disable the app’s use of your location. When you add an account to the Mail and Calendar app, your email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other settings from your account will automatically sync to your device and to Microsoft servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that’s synced from your account. To configure an account, you must provide the app with the account credentials (such as user name and password), which will be sent over the internet to the third-party provider’s server. The app will first attempt to use a secure (SSL) connection to configure your account but will send this information unencrypted if your email provider does not support SSL. If you add an account provided by an organization (such as a company email address), the owner of the organizational domain can implement certain policies and controls (for example, multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that may affect your use of the app. This app uses your device capabilities such as location, camera. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Windows Operator Messages (previously Microsoft Messaging) app
. The Windows Operator Messages app receives and shows account-related SMS texts from your mobile operator about your data plan (such as your billing and data limits) on your PC or device. These messages are stored locally on your device. From your device, you can also access, view, and delete these messages. This app uses your device capabilities such as Contacts. Please visit Microsoft Store on Windows to learn more.
The Clock app
is your hub for time management and focus on Windows. When users sign in with their Microsoft account they can enable Microsoft To Do which is a cloud connected experience. When the user turns on Focus Session, session data is stored locally and user can clear it by going to the clock settings page. Additionally, Focus Sessions supports connecting to Spotify accounts to listen to ambient audio to help users focus. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Journal
is a Windows application specifically designed for touch-focused, pen-capable devices such as tablets and 2-in-1 devices. It provides users with freeform personal note-taking experience. The app leverages artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning to better recognize your handwriting that processes data locally on your device. When connected to Microsoft 365 (subscription required), users can seamlessly access their M365 calendar and contacts within the app. All user created content is automatically saved at the default save location in the document library for future reference. Journal lets you access photos library and the device camera and microphone so that you can add them to a workbook. Learn about Journal app
here
or visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Mobile plans
app helps you get online easily and in more places on your Windows 10 PC and 11 LTE devices. Upon signing up for a data plan on your device, it establishes a connection with the mobile operator, enabling you to complete purchases through the mobile operator’s online portal. You will need a supported SIM card in order to use this app. The Mobile Plan App will use your IMEI, IMSI, EID, ICCID, and Country (coarse location determined by Cellular Network ID or Wi-Fi Reverse IP) to determine which mobile operators are available in your area. The mobile operator may send notifications to users through the Mobile Plans App. This app uses your device’s capabilities such as its camera and microphone. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft PC Manager
is available in select regions and is a desktop tool aimed at boosting your PC’s performance. Based on your request, PC Manager will scan your device, and allows you to delete unneeded or temporary documents, optimize cache, stop or recover from unauthorized changes, or use other features such as health check, one-click boost, storage clean-up, file and pop-up management, and protection of your default settings.
PC Manager will block pop-ups based on ad-block rules and the pop-up windows selected by you through custom block. If you agree to join the “Microsoft PC Manager Pop-up Plan,” when you block pop-up windows through custom block, you can help us optimize the pop-up management feature of Microsoft PC Manager by taking screenshots of the pop-up and sending them to Microsoft. Microsoft does not collect information other than screenshots, Windows title, and the class of Windows. Screenshots sent are only retained for a short period of time and regularly deleted. You can manage your Pop-Up Plan preferences through the PC Manager settings at anytime. The feedback feature in PC Manager may also process personal data if you include it in the feedback you provide to Microsoft. The feedback from users is regularly deleted after processing. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Snipping Tool
is a handy utility in Windows that uses your microphone and pictures library to capture and store screenshots and screen recordings. The Snipping Tool includes a Text Action feature, which uses built-in optical character recognition (OCR) support. You can select and copy text directly from images using OCR. Additionally, you can use the Text Action feature to redact sensitive information from captured text. With clipboard integration items copied from the Snipping Tool are also copied to your clipboard. If you enable clipboard history across devices, the copied content can be used seamlessly across different devices. Users can manage their clipboard and snipping preferences through the Windows settings. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Sound Recorder app
is a versatile tool designed for capturing audio via your microphone in various scenarios. While recording, you can mark key moments to easily locate important sections later. You can also trim, adjust volume levels, or apply other modifications as needed, and playback your recordings. Your recordings are autosaved and stored in your Documents folder for easy access, and you can share your recorded audio with friends and family. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Clipchamp
is a video editor designed to make video creation easy. It allows users to combine videos, images, and audio files, as well as add text and effects, and then save the finished video to their device, or store their videos in their personal OneDrive via their Microsoft account. Users can also add stock videos and stock music or sound effects, stickers, graphical elements, backgrounds, and more. Users can choose to allow Clipchamp to access their camera and microphone to record videos directly from their device. To provide a better experience, such as which language to display to you, Clipchamp will collect your imprecise location. Users can access Clipchamp with a personal or family Microsoft account via the Clipchamp app for Windows 10 or Windows 11 and in the Edge or Chrome browser at
https://app.clipchamp.com
.
Media Player
is the default built-in player of multimedia (audio and video) files. When you choose to open a multimedia file, Media Player will read the contents of that file. When you open Media Player, it will read the contents of your Music library and Video library folders to populate its own Music library and Video library pages inside the Media Player to help you organize, view, and play multimedia content.
To enrich your experience when playing music, Media Player will automatically attempt to display artist art and album art for the content you play and the content in your music library. To provide this information, Media Player sends an information request to Microsoft containing standard device data, such as your device IP address, device software version, your regional and language settings, and an identifier for the content. If desired, this feature can be disabled on the app’s Settings page.
Movies and TV.
Microsoft Movies & TV allows you to rent or buy movies and TV episodes, and play them on your device.
To help you discover content that may interest you, Movies & TV will collect data about what movies and TV shows you watch, including the length of play and any ratings you give.
Movies & TV can also display and play local video files stored on your PC. To do this, it needs access to the video library on your device.
Windows Media Player Legacy.
When you use Windows Media Player Legacy, it can read media content such as video, audio, and picture files which allows you to play CDs and other digital content (such as video and audio files), rip CDs, and manage your media library. To enrich your experience when you play content in your library, Windows Media Player Legacy displays related media information, such as album title, song titles, album art, artist, and composer. To augment your media information, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a request to Microsoft which contains standard computer information, an identifier for the media content, and the media information already contained in your Windows Media Player Legacy library (including information you may have edited or entered yourself) so that Microsoft can recognize the track and then return additional information that is available.
Windows Media Player Legacy also allows you to play back content that is streamed to you over a network. To provide this service, it is necessary for Windows Media Player Legacy to communicate with a streaming media server. These servers are typically operated by non-Microsoft content providers. During playback of streaming media, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a log to the streaming media server or other web server(s) if the streaming media server requests it. The log includes such details as: connection time, IP address, operating system version, Windows Media Player Legacy version, Player identification number (Player ID), date, and protocol. To protect your privacy, Windows Media Player Legacy defaults to sending a Player ID that is different for each session.
Back to top
Windows Hello
Windows Hello provides instant access to your devices through biometric authentication. If you turn it on, Windows Hello uses your face, fingerprint, or iris to identify you based on a set of unique points or features that are extracted from the image and stored on your device as a template—but it does not store the actual image of your face, fingerprint, or iris. Biometric verification data that's used when you sign in doesn't leave your device. Your biometric verification data will remain on your device until you remove it. However, after a significant period of Windows Hello inactivity, you will be prompted to confirm that you want to continue to store your biometric verification data. You can delete your biometric verification data from within Settings. Learn more about
Windows Hello
.
Back to top
Windows Search
Windows Search lets you search your stuff and the web from one place. If you choose to use Windows Search to search "your stuff," it will provide results for items on your personal OneDrive, your OneDrive for Business if so enabled, other cloud storage providers to the extent supported by those third-party providers, and on your device. If you choose to use Windows Search to search the web, or get search suggestions with Windows Search, your search results will be powered by Bing and we will use your search query as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Learn more about search in Windows
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Entertainment and related services
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Xbox
The Xbox network is the online gaming and entertainment service from Microsoft that consists of software and enables online experiences across different platforms. This service lets you find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When you sign up for an Xbox profile, we assign you a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you sign in on Xbox devices, apps, and services, the data we collect about your use is stored using these unique identifier(s).
Xbox consoles are devices you can use to find and play games, movies, music, and other digital entertainment. When you sign in to Xbox experiences—in apps or on a console—we also assign a unique identifier to your device. When your Xbox console is connected to the internet, for instance, and you sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system you’re using.
Data we collect
about your use of Xbox services, games, apps, and consoles includes:
When you sign in and sign out of Xbox, any purchases you make, and content you obtain.
Which games you play and apps you use, your game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and your network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content you add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video you capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections you make (friends you add and people who follow you) on the Xbox network.
If you sign in to use Xbox on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time you sign in to Xbox, even if you’ve been playing offline.
Data we collect enables us to provide you with our services and with curated experiences. This includes connecting you to games, content, and services, as well as presenting you with offers, discounts, and recommendations. To change your settings for these recommendations, visit
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
page.
Camera and Microphone
. While using Xbox, players can use the device’s capabilities such as the microphone, camera and screen recording to improve their gaming experience. When an Xbox game is played in the Windows Game Bar, the camera and microphone may be used, including to read photos and videos and to capture and record screenshots.
Xbox diagnostic data
. Diagnostic data has two categories: required and optional.
Required
. Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. The minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Optional data is additional data that you choose to share with Microsoft. Optional data may include additional details about the operation, usage, and performance of your Xbox products and services, as well as enhanced error reporting.
Learn more at
Manage settings for optional data sharing
.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, all voice communication in the party is captioned for the player. Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it, as well as the other purposes described in this statement.
Xbox data viewable by others
. Your gamertag, game and play statistics, achievements, presence (whether you are currently signed in to Xbox), content you share, and other data about your activity on Xbox can be seen by:
Other players signed in to Xbox.
Customers of third-party services you’ve linked your profile to, or
Other services associated with Xbox (including those of partner companies).
For example, your gamertag and scores that show on game leaderboards are considered public and cannot be hidden. For other data, you can adjust your privacy settings on consoles and at
Xbox.com
to limit or block what is shared with the public or with friends.
Learn more at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Xbox data shared with third parties including game and apps publishers
. When you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about your usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game, types of vehicles used in-game), your presence on the Xbox network, the time you spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs you belong to, official club memberships, and any content you create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use the data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from game or app detail pages in the Microsoft Store.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where you have installed them. Some publisher access to your data may be revoked at
https://microsoft.com/consent
.
Children and family
. If you have kids who want to use the Xbox network, you can set up child and teen profiles for them once they have Microsoft accounts. Adult organizers in your Microsoft family group can change consent choices and online safety settings for child and teen profiles on
Xbox.com
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles, at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
For more information about Microsoft’s collection of data from children, including Xbox, please see the
Collection of data from children
section of this privacy statement.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips you upload, conversations you have, and things you post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how you use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data to keep your console functioning as expected while using a console connected to the Xbox network.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign you in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your console at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you that helps Kinect enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
Back to top
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Store is an online service, accessible via PC, the Xbox Console and the Xbox App, that allows you to browse, download, purchase, rate, and review applications and other digital content. It includes:
Apps and content for Windows devices such as phones, PCs, and tablets.
Games, subscriptions and other apps for Xbox consoles and other devices.
Products and apps for Microsoft 365, SharePoint, Exchange, Access, and Project (2013 versions or later).
We collect data about how you access and use Microsoft Store; the products you've viewed, purchased, or installed; the preferences you set for viewing apps in Microsoft Store; and any ratings, reviews, or problem reports you submit. Your Microsoft account is associated with your ratings and reviews; and if you write a review, the name and picture from your Microsoft account will be published with your review. Microsoft Store uses the region configured on your device to show relevant and eligible content and merchandising. Microsoft Store uses your device identifier to manage product rights tied to a specific device.
Permission for Microsoft Store apps
. Many apps you install from the Microsoft Store are designed to take advantage of specific hardware and software features of your device. An app's use of certain hardware and software features may give the app or its related service access to your data. For example, a photo editing app might access your device's camera to let you take a new photo or access photos or videos stored on your device for editing, and a restaurant guide might use your location to provide nearby recommendations. Information about the features that an app uses is provided on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store. Many of the features that Microsoft Store apps use can be turned on or off through your device’s privacy settings. In Windows, in many cases, you can choose which apps can use a particular feature. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
, select the feature (for example, Calendar), and then select which app permissions are on or off. The lists of apps in Windows privacy settings that can use hardware and software features will not include "Classic Windows" applications, and these applications are not affected by these settings.
App updates
. Unless you have turned off automatic app updates in the relevant Microsoft Store settings or have acquired an app provided and updated by the app developer, Microsoft Store will automatically check for, download, and install app updates to verify that you have the latest versions. Updated apps might use different Windows hardware and software features from the previous versions, which could give them access to different data on your device. You will be prompted for consent if an updated app accesses certain features, such as location. You can also review the hardware and software features an app uses by viewing its product description page in Microsoft Store.
Each app's use of your data collected through any of these features is subject to the app developer's privacy policies. If an app available through Microsoft Store collects and uses any of your personal data, the app developer is required to provide a privacy policy, and a link to the privacy policy is available on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store.
Sideloaded apps and developer mode
. Developer features such as the "developer mode" setting are intended for development use only. If you enable developer features, your device may become unreliable or unusable, and expose you to security risks. Downloading or otherwise acquiring apps from sources other than Microsoft Store, also known as "sideloading" apps, may make your device and personal data more vulnerable to attack or unexpected use by apps. Windows policies, notifications, permissions, and other features intended to help protect your privacy when apps access your data may not function as described in this statement for sideloaded apps or when developer features are enabled.
Back to top
Microsoft Start
Microsoft Start (formerly known as MSN or Microsoft News) is a content service that includes news, weather, sports, and finance. The Microsoft Start app is available on various platforms, including iOS and Android. The Microsoft Start service is also included within other Microsoft services, including the Microsoft Edge browser and widgets on Windows.
When you install the Microsoft Start, MSN Weather, or Microsoft News apps, we collect data that tells us if the app was installed properly, the installation date, the app version, and other data about your device such as the operating system and browser. This data is collected on a regular basis to help us determine the number of app users and identify performance issues associated with different app versions, operating systems, and browsers. When you use the weather app, we use your location to provide you with relevant weather content.
We also collect data about how you interact with Microsoft Start content, such as usage frequency and articles viewed, to provide you with relevant content. Microsoft Start provides an enhanced experience when you sign in with your Microsoft account, including allowing you to customize your interests and favorites. We use your location to provide you with relevant content such as local weather and news. You can manage personalization through Microsoft Start and Bing settings, as well as through settings in other Microsoft services that include Microsoft Start services. We also use the data we collect to provide you with advertisements that may be of interest to you. You can opt out of interest-based advertising through the advertising links within Microsoft Start services, or by visiting the Microsoft
opt-out page
.
Previous versions of MSN Money allow you to access personal finance information from third-party financial institutions. MSN Money only displays this information and does not store it on our servers. Your sign-in credentials used to access your financial information from third parties are encrypted on your device and are not sent to Microsoft. These financial institutions, as well as any other third-party services you access through MSN services, are subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
Back to top
Silverlight
Microsoft Silverlight helps you to access and enjoy rich content on the Web. Silverlight enables websites and services to store data on your device. Other Silverlight features involve connecting to Microsoft to obtain updates, or to Microsoft or third-party servers to play protected digital content.
Silverlight Configuration tool
. You can make choices about these features in the Silverlight Configuration tool. To access the Silverlight Configuration tool, right click on content that is currently being displayed by Silverlight and select
Silverlight
. You can also run the Silverlight Configuration tool directly. In Windows, for example, you can access the tool by searching for "Microsoft Silverlight."
Silverlight application storage
. Silverlight-based applications can store data files locally on your computer for a variety of purposes, including saving your custom settings, storing large files for graphically intensive features (such as games, maps, and images), and storing content that you create within certain applications. You can turn off or configure application storage in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Silverlight updates
. Silverlight will periodically check a Microsoft server for updates to provide you with the latest features and improvements. A small file containing information about the latest Silverlight version will be downloaded to your computer and compared to your currently installed version. If a newer version is available, it will be downloaded and installed on your computer. You can turn off or configure updates in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Digital Rights Management
. Silverlight uses Microsoft Digital Rights Management (DRM) technology to help protect the rights of content owners. If you access DRM-protected content (such as music or video) with Silverlight, it will request media usage rights from a rights server on the Internet. In order to provide a seamless playback experience, you will not be prompted before Silverlight sends the request to the rights server. When requesting media usage rights, Silverlight will provide the rights server with an ID for the DRM-protected content file and basic data about your device, including data about the DRM components on your device such as their revision and security levels, and a unique identifier for your device.
DRM updates
. In some cases, accessing DRM-protected content will require an update to Silverlight or to the DRM components on your device. When you attempt to play content that requires a DRM update, Silverlight will send a request to a Microsoft server containing basic data about your device, including information about the DRM components on your computer such as their revision and security levels, troubleshooting data, and a unique identifier for your device. The Microsoft server uses this identifier to return a unique DRM update for your device, which will then be installed by Silverlight. You can turn off or configure DRM component updates on the
Playback
tab in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Back to top
Windows Mixed Reality
Windows Mixed Reality allows you to enable a virtual reality experience that immerses you in apps and games. Mixed Reality uses a compatible headset’s camera, microphone, and infrared sensors to enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay and to navigate apps and games.
Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Mixed Reality running on Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve Mixed Reality and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
Mixed Reality also processes and collects data specifically related to the Mixed Reality experiences, such as:
Mixed Reality maps distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you. If you are connected to the Internet, we collect those numeric values to enable and improve your experience.
Mixed Reality detects specific hand gestures intended to perform simple system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your PC and is not stored.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands to control games, apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
Windows Mixed Reality can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Back To Top
Sub-policy 8
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Services Privacy Policy
Last updated August 6, 2021
Introduction
AppsFlyer provides attribution and marketing analytics services (“
Services
“) that enable advertisers and developers (collectively, “
Customer(s)
“) to: (i) measure and analyze the effectiveness of their marketing campaigns by understanding which marketing campaigns contributed to the download/installation of their mobile applications (“
Applications
“) or such other conversion metric (e.g. relaunch of Application); and (ii) measure and analyze certain events and actions within their Application or websites, such as in-app purchases made by End Users (as defined below). The Services also help our Customers identify and protect against fraudulent behavior related to their marketing campaigns.
This Services Privacy Policy describes AppsFlyer’s privacy practices in relation to the information collected from Customers and End Users and received by AppsFlyer when Customers use our Services. This Services Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use of AppsFlyer’s publicly accessible website or marketing activities, which is described under our Privacy Policy. To view the Privacy Policy, please
click here
. Furthermore, AppsFlyer and its Customers have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by AppsFlyer and their use by Customers (“
Agreement(s)
“). Such Agreements may contain additional obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information. Nothing in this Services Privacy Policy derogates from such additional obligations.
For the purpose of this Services Privacy Policy: (i) any reference to “
End User(s)
” means end users who have interacted with, or viewed, Customer’s advertising and marketing materials, or use or have used Customer’s Applications, websites, products and services; and (ii) any reference to “
AppsFlyer
” “
we
” “
us
” or “
our
” shall mean AppsFlyer Ltd. and its affiliates.
End User Data Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer uses the Services, the following End User information may be received and processed by AppsFlyer (collectively, “
End User Data
”).
“
Technical Information
”: this refers to technical information related to an End User’s mobile device or computer, such as: browser type, device type and model, CPU, system language, memory, OS version, Wi-Fi status, time stamp and zone, device motion parameters and carrier.
“
Technical Identifiers
”: this refers to various unique identifiers that generally only identify a computer, device, browser or Application. For example, IP address (which may also provide general location information), User agent, IDFA (identifier for advertisers), Android ID (in Android devices); Google Advertiser ID, Customer issued user ID and other similar unique identifiers.
“
Engagement Information
”: this refers to information relating to the Customer’s ad campaigns and End User actions, such as: clicks on Customer ads, ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, the type of ads and the webpage or Application from which such ads were displayed, the webpages on Customer’s website visited by an End User, the URL from the referring website, downloads and installations of Applications, and other interactions, events and actions Customers choose to measure and analyze within their Application or website (e.g. add to cart, in-app purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
While End User Data does not generally contain any information that directly identifies an individual, such as names, addresses, credit cards or other similarly regulated financial information, health information, or any other type of sensitive personal information (“
PII
“), we acknowledge that under certain jurisdictions the End User Data we do receive when a Customer uses the Services may be deemed personal data and therefore, where applicable, will be treated as such. Within the scope of the engagement between Customers and AppsFlyer, Customers are contractually prohibited from collecting PII, unless otherwise agreed by AppsFlyer. However, Customers have sole control over their properties (including their websites and Application) and configuration of the Services and thus Customers have the technical ability to configure the Services to collect PII. This includes, for example, a Customer using an End User’s email address as a Customer issued user ID Technical Identifier. If a Customer has configured the Services to collect PII then we may receive and process such data.
Registration Information Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer registers to use the Services, we may collect certain information related to such Customer (“
Registration Information
” and together with the End User Data, “
Customer Data
”), including Customer name and Customer details, billing information and names and contact details of Customer employees and representatives who are using the Services (e.g. email, phone number and address). When a Customer uses the Services, AppsFlyer may also collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Customer is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g. browser type, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Customer (“
Log Data
”).
How Data is Collected
Customer Data may be collected through various methods, including:
When provided voluntarily (e.g. Customer’s Registration Information).
When the Customer integrates AppsFlyer’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Applications, websites and/or ads (“
Collection Technologies
”). For explanations on cookies and similar technologies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Customer in connection with the measurement and analysis of Customer’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with AppsFlyer (“
Partners
”).
How Data is Used by AppsFlyer
When AppsFlyer receives End User Data from a Customer, it uses such End User Data as follows:
to provide such Customer with the Services they have subscribed for. Such services may include, without limitation, attribution, analytics and ad fraud protection services. Please visit
https://www.appsflyer.com
for more information regarding the Services.
to establish: (i) matches between devices used by an End User; and (ii) to detect fraud (such matched data and fraud data, collectively, the, “
Platform Data
”) in order to ensure more accurate attribution measurement and ad fraud protection for Customers using the Services. Platform Data does not contain PII such as End User names, physical addresses, phone numbers or other similar personal data that can directly identify an individual.
With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, we use such information to authenticate login to the Services, to communicate with the Customer and to process any payments in connection with the Services. Additionally, we may use: (i) Registration Information to inform Customers of any updates to the Services, including new features and functionalities; and (ii) Log Data to understand how Customers are using the Services so that we may efficiently audit, maintain and improve the Services provided to Customers.
AppsFlyer may use information derived from the aggregation of End User Data and/or Log Data with other data for research and analytics purposes and improvement and marketing of the Services (“
Aggregated Data
”). Aggregated Data shall be anonymous and in no way reveal the identity of the Customer or any End User.
Sharing Data
AppsFlyer does not share or disclose Customer Data with any third party, except:
Upon our Customer’s request– (e.g. to Partners);
To our subsidiaries and global branches as necessary to help us support and maintain the Services provided to Customers;
To our service providers who help to support our Services – such as data hosting providers and payment processors; Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Customers. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When legally required (e.g. court orders or other lawful requests by public authorities), including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To respond to, or prevent, fraud or to protect the safety of AppsFlyer, its Customers, End Users or the public;
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, in which case End User Data may be transferred to the surviving or acquiring entity.
Cross Border Data Transfers
AppsFlyer may need to transfer Customer Data to countries other than the country from which the Data originated. Any such transfer shall be done in compliance with all applicable laws. With regards to the collection, use and retention of personal data transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
Protecting Data and Retention
AppsFlyer implements appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Customer Data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.appsflyer.com/trust/security/
. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Services Privacy Policy.
AppsFlyer will not retain: (i) End User Data for more than twenty-four months except where otherwise directed by Customers or required or allowed by law; and (ii) Registration Information, Log Data or Platform Data for more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected.
Relationship, Lawful Basis and End User Choices
Under the laws of certain jurisdictions, when processing End User Data in connection with the provision of Services to a Customer, AppsFlyer is deemed a ‘data processor’ while its Customers are deemed ‘data controllers’.
Therefore, End Users should closely review the Privacy Policies of the Applications and websites they use in order to learn about the privacy practices of our Customers.
Where AppsFlyer may be deemed a data controller under the laws of certain jurisdictions (e.g. in connection with its processing of Log Data or Registration Information), AppsFlyer shall comply with all applicable laws related to its status as a data controller and shall only use the data as described in this Services Privacy Policy. With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, the lawful basis AppsFlyer relies on is its need to perform its obligations under the Agreement between AppsFlyer and Customer and on its legitimate interests to maintain, analyze and improve the Services. The laws of certain jurisdictions may provide End Users with various rights in connection with the processing of End User Data, including:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data processor, End Users should contact our Customers to pursue any such legal data subject rights. AppsFlyer will cooperate with its Customers to support and comply with any such data subject rights requests.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data controller, End Users may exercise their rights by contacting AppsFlyer at:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. In any event, AppsFlyer provides End Users with the ability to opt-out of being measured by the Services by emailing a request to
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by completing the form
here
. You may also send any question regarding your exercise of data subject rights to
privacy@appsflyer.com
.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Updates and Questions
We may update this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. Any material changes will be notified to the Customer either through the Services, email or as otherwise agreed by the parties in the Agreement. We will also indicate that an update has occurred on the top of this page so Customers and End Users are encouraged to review this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. For any questions relating to this Services Privacy Policy or to contact our data protection officer please send us a mail to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. You may also send us or our data protection officer regular mail:
AppsFlyer – Attn: Legal Team/Data Protection Officer,
14 Maskit St.
Herzliya, Israel
4673314
For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany GmbH Kurfürstendamm 11, c/o WeWork, 10719 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49-30-3119-9129)
Our Cookies Policy
AppsFlyer respects your privacy as our website user. We use cookies to improve your user experience and for remarketing. Some of this data may be shared with select partners. See our
cookies policy
for more information.
Reject all cookies
Accept all cookies
Customize
Cookie Preference Center
AppsFlyer uses Cookies to provide, maintain, and improve our websites, to optimize our offerings and marketing activities, and to provide our visitors and users with a better experience, for example, in order to maintain your preferences, to better secure our websites, to identify technical issues, and to monitor and improve the overall performance of our websites.
More information
Allow All
Please select which Cookies you approve, you may choose all options.
Always Active
Necessary Cookies are enabled for the assurance and function of a properly run website, and they cannot be disabled. They are usually only set in response to actions permitted by you, such as, enabling functions like navigation and access to secure areas of the website. These Cookies do not store personal information that will be used for other purposes.
Performance Cookies
These Cookies provide us with aggregated (anonymous) insights into website enhancement and performance improvement. These cookies allow us to measure and improve the performance of our Sites. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These Cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalization through our Sites and allow for a better user experience. These may be set by us (first-party Cookies) or by third-party providers who work with us (third-party Cookies).
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 9
https://sentry.io/privacy/:
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Back to all legal docs
Business Associate Amendment
Data Processing Addendum
Privacy Policy
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Version
/legal/privacy/3.3.1/
of This Agreement was created on
May 31, 2024
.
Read what has changed
This Privacy Policy sets out how Sentry collects, discloses, and uses personal information about you and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect when you visit our website at sentry.io (“
Site
”), use our products and services (“
Service
”), or otherwise interact with us (e.g., by attending an event or communicating with us). If you do not agree with this policy, please do not access or use our Site or Service or interact with any other aspect of our business.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to data submitted to the Service (“
Service Data
”). A separate agreement (“
Customer Agreement
”) governs delivery, access, and use of the Service, including the processing of Service Data. With respect to any personal information included in Service Data, the organization (e.g., your employer or another entity or person) that entered into the Customer Agreement (“
Customer
”) controls its instance of the Service and any associated Service Data. If you have any questions about a Customer’s instance of the Service and any associated Service Data, please contact the Customer.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed.  However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Policy, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
Table of contents
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
What does Sentry do?
Sentry offers an application monitoring solution designed to identify, monitor, and alert developers to errors, bugs, and other performance issues that are occurring in their applications.
For more information about Sentry, please see the “About Us” section of our Site at
https://sentry.io/about/
.
Return to top
What personal information does Sentry collect?
The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide
We collect information about you when you input it into our Site or the Service or otherwise provide it directly to us.
Account and profile creation
We collect information about you when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, and set preferences for the Service. For example, you may provide your contact information, including your first and last name, email address, and password when you register for the Service. You may also have the option of adding an avatar to your profile to be displayed in the Service. We keep track of your preferences when you select settings within the Service, including marketing and notification settings.
Sign in via other platforms
Instead of creating a user account, you can log in via your account with other platforms (currently Google, Github, or Azure Devops). We will not collect the password that you use for the relevant platform, but we may collect details from your account with the platform, such as username and email address.
Requests and inquiries
You may choose to provide us with information when you contact us about our Service or otherwise interact with us. For example, you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with our Service and send us screenshots to help in resolving the problem. You may submit your contact information to register for our events, to subscribe to receive marketing communications from us, or to make an inquiry through our Site. You may also provide content to us when you participate in a survey, contest, promotion, sweepstake, activity, or event, including via social media and other content platforms.
Purchases
If you register for a paid Service, we will collect purchase information, such as the Service plan that you purchase and information related to refunds, credits, and cancellations, and your billing address and payment information. Please note that any payment information you provide is sent directly to a third-party payment processor. We have no access to and do not store your payment information.
Information that we collect from your device and usage
We collect certain information about your device and how you and your device interact with us and our Site or Service. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (together, ”
Europe
”), this information may be considered personal data under applicable data protection laws.
Specifically, the information we collect will include information such as your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, operating system, software installed on your device, product keys, general location information (such as inferred from an IP address), and referring URL.  We also collect information about how you and your device have interacted with our Site or Service or with us via email, including the pages you accessed, features you used, Service you purchased, links you clicked, and when you accessed and for how long.
Some of this information is collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading
“Cookies and similar tracking technology”
below.
Information that we obtain from third-party sources
From time to time, we receive personal information about you from third-party sources (including social media and other content platforms, public databases, and from our business and channel partners and service providers).
The types of information we collect from third parties include name, email addresses, job titles, and social media profiles. We may combine this information with information we collect through other means described above. This helps us to maintain and improve the accuracy of our records, identify new customers, deliver personalized communications, and suggest services that may be of interest to you.
Return to top
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
We use your information for business and commercial purposes, such as to:
Provide, maintain, and improve the Site and Service, including system administration, system security, and adding new features or capabilities;
Manage your account and send you related information, including confirmations, updates, technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer care and support services;
Communicate with you about the Service, products, offers, surveys, events, content, and other news and information we think may be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyse trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Site and Service and our communications to you;
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, protect the rights and property of Sentry and others, and comply with legal requirements;
Personalize and improve the Site and Service and provide advertisements, content, and features that match your profile and interests, and remember information about your preferences for the Site and Service;
Administer surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, and other activities; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
We may aggregate or de-identify information collected through the Service. We may use aggregated or de-identified data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any third parties, including without limitation, advertisers, promotional partners, sponsors, event promoters, and others.
Return to top
Legal basis for processing personal information
If you are based in Europe, we collect and process information about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so under applicable European laws. This means we collect and process your information only where:
We need it to provide the Site or Service, including to register you as a new user, operate the Site or Service, provide technical support, and to protect the safety and security of the Site or Service;
It satisfies our legitimate interests, such as to market and promote the Service and to protect our legal rights and interests, which are not overridden by your own interests, rights, and freedoms;
It is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection with a legal claim, such as to respond to judicial orders or subpoenas; or
You provide consent for a specific purpose, such as for marketing communications (where consent is required under applicable marketing laws).
The legal bases depend on the type of information and the purpose for our processing. In some contexts, more than one legal basis applies. When we process your information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before it is withdrawn. To exercise your rights, see
“Your data protection rights”
below. Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g., your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Service.
Return to top
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
We disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Affiliate companies
who help operate and improve our Site and Service (including to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Site and Service), offer other Sentry affiliated services to you, or who otherwise process personal information for the purposes described in this policy. The protections of this policy apply to the information we disclose in these circumstances.
Third-party services providers
who provide hosting, storage, support, payment processing, billing, communication, analysis, and other services to us, which may require them to access or use information about you. If a service provider needs to access or use information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under appropriate security and confidentiality procedures designed to protect your information.
Third-party go-to-market partners
who provide referral, sale, resale, or similar go-to-market services. We may disclose your information, like your name, email address, and job title, in connection with their services. We may also disclose information to these third parties where you have agreed to that disclosure.
Third-party analytics partners
to provide analytics services. These entities may use Cookies in the same way we do, to among other things, track and analyze data, and better understand your online activity.
Third-party platforms
when you, your administrator or other Service users choose to install or enable third-party apps, add-ons or other platforms for use with the Service. Doing so may give the providers of those platforms access to your account and information about you, like your name and email address, and any content you choose to connect with those platforms. Please note that when you use third-party platforms, your use will be governed by their own terms and privacy policies.
Any
competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party
where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.
An
actual or potential buyer
(and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger, or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this policy.
Any
other person with your consent
to the disclosure.
Return to top
Cookies and similar tracking technology
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to collect and use personal information about you, including to understand and save your preferences, and to compile aggregate data about Site and Service interaction.
We may also allow certain third parties (e.g., service providers such as Stripe) to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Site or Service. Cookies may be associated with de-identified data linked to or derived from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a service provider in hashed, non-human-readable form.
You may refuse to accept Cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of Cookies. You can find information on popular browsers and how to adjust your Cookie preferences at the browser provider’s websites. You can choose to disable Cookies, but if you do, your ability to use or access certain parts of our Site and Service may be affected.
We do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals.
Return to top
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. However, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet, or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others. In particular, email sent to or from Sentry may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email.
Return to top
International data transfers
In some cases your personal information is transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our Site and Service are hosted in the United States and Germany, and our affiliate companies and third-party service providers operate around the world, including in the United States, Canada and Europe. This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in any of these countries.
Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories outside of Europe and Switzerland, which have been formally recognised as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we rely on the relevant “adequacy decisions” from the European Commission and Swiss Federal Administration, and “adequacy regulations” from the Secretary of State in the United Kingdom.
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision or regulations, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this policy. The safeguards we use are the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses, the UK International Data Transfer Agreement, and other appropriate legal mechanisms. This is how transfers of personal information between our group companies and with our third-party service providers will be safeguarded.
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Functional Software, Inc. (our registered company name) participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the
“Data Privacy Framework”
) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information about you that is transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the U.S.  We have self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles for all information about you that is received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. We have also self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (together with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, the
“Data Privacy Framework Principles”
) for all information about you that is received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles will govern.
As required under the Data Privacy Framework, when we receive information under the Data Privacy Framework and then transfer it to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf, we have certain liability under the Data Privacy Framework if the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Data Privacy Framework and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We may be required to disclose information about you under the Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view Sentry’s certification, please see the
Data Privacy Framework website
.
We encourage you to contact us as provided below should you have a Data Privacy Framework-related (or general privacy-related) complaint and we commit to resolve any such complaint. We have further committed to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to JAMS, a U.S.-based alternative dispute resolution provider.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint from us, or if you are not satisfied with our response to your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the
Data Privacy Framework website
, including when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted, you may invoke binding arbitration.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Return to top
Data retention
We retain the personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (e.g., to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements).  In certain circumstances, we will need to keep your information for legal reasons after our relationship has ended. For example, we may retain your data for longer than the usual retention period when we have a legal obligation to do such, to deal with and resolve requests and complaints, to protect an individual’s rights and property, and for litigation and regulatory matters. The specific retention periods depend on the nature of the information and why it is collected and processed and the nature of any legal requirement. The criteria we use to determine the retention period include:
How long is the personal information needed to provide the Service or operate our business?
This includes such things as maintaining and improving the performance of the Service, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records. This is the general rule that establishes the baseline for most data retention periods.
Is there an automated control, such as in your Sentry dashboard, that enables you to access and delete the personal information at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal information of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be appropriate.
Has consent been provided for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain the data in accordance with your consent.
Is Sentry subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need or legal reason to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (e.g., because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Return to top
Your data protection rights
Depending on your location, you may have the following data protection rights.  To exercise any of them see specific instructions below or contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below.
You may
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing
communications we send you at any time.  You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you or otherwise following the directions in the emails.  You can also make choices about your receipt of marketing communications through the subscription settings in your account.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a supervisory authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. (Contact details for supervisory authorities in Europe are available
here
.) Certain supervisory authorities may require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Return to top
Children’s privacy
Sentry’s Site and Service are not directed to children under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
If you are 16 or older, but have not reached your jurisdiction’s age of majority (such that you are able to enter a contract), you should only use the Service with permission from your parent or guardian.
Return to top
Third-party websites
The Site and Service may link to third-party websites or platforms from companies other than Sentry, such as to relevant online resources, social media platforms, our partners’ websites, payment processors, and other third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties.
Return to top
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory, technical, or business developments. When we update this policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material changes to this policy if, and where, required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this policy was last updated by checking the date displayed at the top of this policy.
Return to top
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact by sending us an email at
compliance@sentry.io
.
The data controller of your personal information is Functional Software, Inc. d/b/a Sentry. Our address is Functional Software, Inc., 45 Fremont Street, 8th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105.
Return to top
Supplemental notice for California residents
The Supplemental notice for California residents can be found
here
.
Return to top
A peek at your privacy
Here’s a quick look at how Sentry handles your personal information (PII).
×
Who we collect PII from
We collect PII about people browsing our website, users of the Sentry service, prospective customers, and people who otherwise interact with us.
What if my PII is included in data sent to Sentry by a Sentry customer (e.g., someone using Sentry to monitor their app)? In this case you have to contact the Sentry customer (e.g., the maker of the app). We do not control the data that is sent to us through the Sentry service for the purposes of application monitoring.
Am I included?
PII we may collect about you
PII provided by you and related to your
Account, profile, and login
Requests and inquiries
Purchases
PII collected from your device and usage
PII collected from third parties (e.g., social media)
Tell me more
How we use your PII
To operate our site and service
To protect and improve our site and service
To provide customer care and support
To communicate with you
For other purposes (that we inform you of at collection)
How exactly?
Third parties who receive your PII
We may disclose your PII to the following type of recipients:
Subsidiaries and other affiliates
Service providers
Partners (go-to-market, analytics)
Third-party platforms (when you connect them to our service)
Governmental authorities (where necessary)
An actual or potential buyer
What do they do?
We use cookies (but not for advertising)
We do not use advertising or targeting cookies
We use necessary cookies to run and improve our site and service
You can disable cookies but this can impact your use or access to certain parts of our site and service
How can I choose?
Know your rights
You may have the following rights related to your PII:
Access, correct, and update
Object to or restrict processing
Port over
Opt-out of marketing
Be forgotten by Sentry
Withdraw your consent
Complain about us
What can I do?
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy at Sentry, please email us at
compliance@sentry.io
.
If you are a California resident, see our
Supplemental notice
.
Read the full policy
Sub-policy 10
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 11
https://x.com/en/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies