We're sorry but Arcaea - New Dimension Rhythm Game doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
Last updated:
August 26, 2019
Arcaea was built by lowiro limited as a freemium app and online website service. The app, website, and all web services are collectively referred to as the “Service.” The Service is provided by lowiro limited at no cost. It is intended for use as-is.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) aims to inform visitors to and users of our Service of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information. Choosing to use our Service constitutes an agreement to this Privacy Policy, including what information we collect and how we use it.
Information that we collect about you is only used for providing and improving our Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information while using our Service. This information includes, but is not limited to, your email address. We will retain any requested information and use it only as described in this Policy.
Unless you specifically request us to, we will not send any emails, marketing or otherwise, to the email address you’ve provided to us.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. Here is a link to the privacy policy of each of the third-party service providers we use:
•
Google Play Services
•
Firebase Analytics
•
Fabric
•
Crashlytics
Log Data
When using our Service, should an error ever occur, we will collect data and information from your device (through the third party products listed above) which we call “log data.” This log data may include information such as your device’s Internet Protocol (or “IP”) address, its model, its operating system version, the app’s current configuration, the time and date you were playing, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files containing small amounts of data. They are commonly used to identify users while protecting the user’s anonymity. Websites you visit will send cookies to your browser, and these cookies are then stored on your device’s internal memory.
Arcaea uses cookies to allow you to log into the Service. It may also use third party code and libraries that use cookies to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to accept or refuse these cookies and to know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose not to accept cookies from us, you may not be able to use some portions of the Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals for the following reasons:
• to facilitate our Service;
• to provide the Service on our behalf;
• to perform Service-related services; or
• to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties will have access to the personal information of anyone who uses our Service. This is so they can perform the tasks we have assigned to them. They are obligated not to disclose or use this information for any other purpose.
Security
Personal data is stored securely using modern software practices and is only accessible to those who need access when related to the development of the service. Disaster-prevention and recovery solutions are also in place.
However, no form of data transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. By using our Service, you agree to send this information to us at your own risk. If you believe your personal data has been compromised, please contact us at the email address at the bottom of this Policy.
Retention and Erasure
Personal data is retained for as long as the Service is available. We do this so that you can recover your account and return to the service at any time in the future.
You may request erasure of your personal data from our systems. To do this, we will need to verify via email using the registered address. This process is irreversible once performed, and you will no longer be able to use the Service after doing this.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service is not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will immediately delete it from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at the email address at the bottom of the Policy so that we can take necessary measures.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
contact@lowiro.com
.