Download PDF
SNAPPCAR GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS (T&C)
These General Terms and Conditions govern the use of SnappCar’s Service,
      offered via our Platform (via web or app) and apply to persons who lease a
      Vehicle and persons who hire a Vehicle. The Service(s) provided by
      SnappCar are provided to both owners and renters.
Please read these General Terms and Conditions carefully so that you know
      what rights and obligations you have.
On page 14 you will find the additional terms and conditions that apply to
      SnappCar Keyless and all Users who rent or lease a SnappCar Keyless
      Vehicle.
Please be informed, that if you are using the Platform, Application or
      SnappCar Services you are contracting with CarShare Germany GmbH when you
      hire a Vehicle that is registered and leased in Germany. In that case,
      other terms and conditions apply - you will find them
here
. In all other cases you are contracting with CarShare Ventures B.V. and
      the General Terms and Conditions below apply.
Hereinafter CarShare Ventures B.V. and all other affiliated companies
      shall be referred to as “SnappCar”, “we”, “us” or “our”.
Article 1: Definitions
Advance Payments:
any and all reasonable and proportionate costs that SnappCar has
          incurred for the benefit of a User and/or on behalf of a User during
          the Rental Period, including but not limited to costs in connection
          with a breakdown, accident, repair, tow-away scheme, traffic fines
          and/or in connection with other matters
Booking Period:
the period as agreed in the Rental Agreement.
Content:
any and all information that SnappCar itself places on the Platform,
          including but not limited to the layout and the ‘look and feel’ of the
          Platform, the logos and brands included, and certain texts.
Damage:
any and all damage, defects and other flaws (that are caused to the
Deductible:
the amount as stipulated in the Insurance Agreement, which must be
          paid by the Renter in the event of Damage.
General Terms and Conditions
these General Terms and Conditions of SnappCar.
Insurance Agreement:
the agreement, consisting of the insurance conditions and policy,
          between the Owner (as the policyholder), as well as the agreement
          between the Renter (as the insured party) and the Insurer, in
          connection with the use of the Vehicle that is rented using the
          Platform. More information about this can be found at
www.SnappCar.nl/verzekering
.
Insurance Fee:
the premium SnappCar charges Users on behalf of the Insurer.
Insurer:
the insurance company that offers the Insurance Agreement.
IP Rights:
any and all industrial and/or intellectual property rights, including
          but not limited to copyrights, software rights, databank rights,
          trademark rights, patent rights, design rights, trade name rights,
          neighbouring rights and knowhow.
Mileage Fee:
the price for the kilometres that have been driven agreed by the
          Renter and the Owner, excluding the Insurance Fee and the SnappCar
          Fee.
Owner:
the User who acts as the leasing party in the context of a Rental
          Agreement
the platform that can be accessed using SnappCar’s mobile application
          or the current or future SnappCar websites, including but not limited
          to
www.snappcar.nl
,
www.snappcar.com
, or any other SnappCar website and the underlying pages and that
          offer you the opportunity to make use of the Service.
Profile
an individual profile page that you create and administer when you
          register as a User on the Platform.
Rental Agreement:
the agreement that a Renter and an Owner conclude using the Platform
          for the rent of a Vehicle.
Rental Fee:
the price for renting the Vehicle agreed by the Renter and the Owner,
          excluding the Insurance Fee, the SnappCar Fee and any applicable
          additional charges.
Rental Period:
Vehicle by the Renter and the moment the keys are returned by the
          Renter to the Owner when the Vehicle is delivered.
Rental Price:
the sum of the Rental Fee, the Mileage Fee, the Insurance Fee, the
          SnappCar Fee and any applicable additional charges.
Rental Request:
an offer made by the Renter to conclude a Rental Agreement, as it can
          be sent to the Owner via the Platform and according to the process
          established by SnappCar.
Renter:
the User who acts as the hiring party in the context of a Rental
          Agreement
Service:
the service that SnappCar provides you, which consists of offering a
          Platform that makes it possible to hire and lease Vehicles between
          private individuals.
SnappCar:
the business name of CarShare Ventures B.V., a private limited
          liability company in accordance with Dutch law, having its registered
          office at the Jaarbeursplein 6 in (3521 AL) Utrecht, the Netherlands,
          which is registered with the Chamber of Commerce under number
          55839118, and/or companies affiliated with it.
SnappCar Fee:
the intermediation fee that SnappCar charges Users.
SnappForm:
the form that the Renter and the Owner jointly fill in and confirm
          (electronically) prior to the start of the Rental Period and after the
          Rental Period has ended. After completion, the form can be downloaded
          by the Renter and the Owner. In the event of a hard copy version of
          the form, ‘signing’ is considered to be equivalent to ‘confirming’.
SnappCar IP:
any and all IP rights with respect to the Service, the Platform and
          the Content.
User:
a natural person who has made a Profile on the Platform in order to
          make use of the Service.
Vehicle:
a car, passenger van, camper van or other motorised passenger vehicle
          having at least four wheels, for which a general driving licence is
          required.
Verified User:
an User who SnappCar has verified, in which context the verification
          has been carried out using – and/or based on a combination of checks
          of various data provided by the User.
Article 2: Applicability
These General Terms and Conditions govern the Service.
SnappCar may amend or supplement these General Terms and Conditions at
        any time. The most recent version of the General Terms and Conditions
        can be found on the Platform. In the event that the General Terms and
        Conditions are amended, the new General Terms and Conditions will be
        brought to your attention during your first use of the Platform after
        the amendment has been made. If you continue to use the Platform after
        these General Terms and Conditions have been amended or supplemented,
        you thereby irrevocably accept the amended or supplemented General Terms
        and Conditions. In the event that you do not accept the amended or
        supplemented General Terms and Conditions, your only option will be to
        no longer use the Service and deactivate your Profile and/or delete it
        (or have it deleted).
As a result of the intermediation by SnappCar, a Rental Agreement can be
        concluded by the Renter and the Owner. SnappCar is not a party to the
        Rental Agreement.
These General Terms and Conditions apply between SnappCar and the User.
        Other documents and information that are available on the Platform are
        for information purposes only.
Article 3: Registration and Profile
In order to make use of the Service you must register as a User and
        create a Profile.
You guarantee that all the information in your Profile is correct,
        complete, accurate and relevant. You acknowledge that the correctness
        and completeness of the information provided is extremely important for
        the optimal operation of the Platform and the Service. You acknowledge
        that you, yourself, are responsible for the correctness and completeness
        of the information provided and any and all consequences of inaccurate,
        incomplete or incorrect information in your profile. You acknowledge
        that any and all damage that you, SnappCar or a third party sustains as
        a result of your information being incorrect or incomplete is completely
        at your own risk and expense, unless mandatory provisions of law provide
        otherwise.
The information that you provide during the registration process will be
        stored in a database and processed in accordance with the Privacy and
        Cookie Policy, which you can find here:
https://www.snappcar.nl/account/terms-and-conditions/privacy
https://www.snappcar.nl/account/terms-and-conditions/cookies
You are not permitted to register as a User more than one (1) time
        and/or to set up or create more than one (1) Profile at any time on the
        Platform.
You, yourself, are responsible for keeping secret your combination of
        your password and username. You may not provide your username and/or
        password to third parties or give third parties access to your profile
        in any manner. You, yourself, therefore are liable for all the use that
        is made of the Platform using your username and password. SnappCar is
        entitled to assume that you are actually the person who logs in using
        your username and password. You must inform SnappCar as quickly as
        possible as soon as you have any reason to suspect that a username or
        password has become known to any unauthorized parties. You also are
        obliged to take effective measures, such as changing the password.
SnappCar reserves the right to refuse your registration as a User on the
        Platform if the security checks applied by SnappCar cannot be
        successfully completed and/or if the requirements for the Service set by
        SnappCar cannot be met. These checks and requirements may include or be
        related to:
Verification of identity ("Are you who you say you are?");
Verification of Driving Licence ("Can and are you allowed to
            drive?")
Payment & Creditworthiness ("Can and will you meet your payment
            obligations?")
Risk assessment ("What is the risk of fraud, abuse, damage or other
            problems?")
SnappCar history ("Have you always been a good SnappCar user? Hasn't
            there been any previous blocking, removal, non-payment, collection
            or unwanted behaviour on the Platform?");
SnappCar is entitled to delete a Profile at any time, such as,
        including, but not limited to, in the event that a User does not (or no
        longer) comply with the checks or requirements set out in Article 3.6,
        in the event of complaints about the User that SnappCar receives from
        other Users, non-payment, improper use of the Platform, failure to
        comply with the Rental Agreement or General Terms and Conditions and/or
        if it may assume that the security of the Platform is at stake. SnappCar
        is not obliged to communicate the exact ground(s) for the blocking
        and/or removal.
Article 4: Requirements for the User
A registration as a User, the use of the Service and the conclusion of a
        Rental Agreement are subject to the following terms and conditions:
If you wish to hire a Vehicle, you must be at least 21 years old and
            in possession of a valid driving licence (for the category of
            Vehicle that you wish to hire) for at least 12 months.
You must be in possession of valid proof of identity (a passport or
            identity card) and a valid driving licence and you must have
            uploaded those documents in your Profile in accordance with the
            requirements stipulated in that respect, if and insofar as
            requested.
In the two years that preceded the conclusion of a Rental Agreement
            and/or registration as a User you may not have been involved in more
            than two claims for damage to Vehicles in respect of which you
            are/will be directly or indirectly liable.
In the eight years that preceded the conclusion of the Rental
            Agreement as a Renter:
You may not have been excluded or refused by any insurer, for
                example, but not limited to, as a result of breach of contract,
                payment arrears, fraud, wrongful or bad behaviour, or otherwise,
                and for those reasons no additional requirements have been
                stipulated in respect of an insurance policy that has been taken
                out by you or in your name, for example, but not limited to,
                higher premiums, a higher deductible and/or limitation of the
                coverage; and
You may not have been found guilty of driving under the
                influence (of alcohol and/or drugs), driving dangerously,
                driving without insurance and/or insurance fraud.
You, as the Renter, do not take any medication and do not have
            limitation, disability and/or illness that could negatively affect
            your ability to drive.
You have filled in your Profile completely truthfully and have
            uploaded a recent photo of yourself in your Profile as your profile
            photo (which must bear a clear resemblance), in accordance with the
            requirements stipulated in that respect.
You have agreed to and have accepted (for as far as necessary) these
            General Terms and Conditions, the
Privacy
and
Cookie Policy
and the Penalty Policy, which you can find
here
By registering as a User, making use of the Service and/or concluding a
        Rental Agreement you guarantee that you meet (and will continue to meet)
        all the requirements listed above. In the event that you are not (or no
        longer are) in compliance with these terms and conditions you may not
        (or no longer) make use of the Service as a User and SnappCar will be
        entitled to exclude you from making use of the Service and to delete
        your profile.
You, yourself, are fully responsible for any and all damage and costs
        that you, yourself, SnappCar and/or third parties sustain as a result of
        the fact that you are not (or no longer are) in compliance with the
        requirements stipulated above.
SnappCar and the Insurer are entitled to verify the User’s identity,
        creditworthiness, history of criminal convictions and insurance- and
        claims history by consulting third parties’databases.
SnappCar reserves the right to lay down additional requirements and / or
        conditions to the use of the Service and / or your registration as a
        User, for example (but not limited to), requirements for the purpose of
        checking and verifying identity (data), the condition of the vehicle and
        / or other transaction data.
Article 5: Requirements in respect of the Owner and the Vehicle
The following terms and conditions apply, in addition to the terms and
        conditions stipulated in Articles 3 and 4, for a registration as an
        Owner:
All Vehicles that are offered for hire must be registered in your
            Profile;
You guarantee that all the Vehicles that you offer meet the
            following requirements:
all the safety requirements that apply in the country in which
                the Vehicle is leased;
the Vehicle is free of any defects, unless explicitly agreed
                otherwise in the Rental Agreement with the Renter and recorded
                in the SnappForm;
he Vehicle must at least be insured for statutory third-party
                liability;
all taxes, including road tax, in respect of the Vehicle have
                been paid in a timely manner;
the Vehicle has a valid registration number, which is registered
                in the country in which the Vehicle is leased;
you are the sole owner of the Vehicle (or you must submit a
                written power of attorney in advance showing that the rightful
                owner has authorized you to lease the Vehicle using the
                Platform).
In case of a lease car, the Owner is responsible for obtaining
                any necessary permission from the leasing company, which if
                requested, you must also be able to demonstrate / submit if
                requested to do so;
If a Vehicle offered is registered in the name of a legal
                entity, the Owner is responsible for obtaining any necessary
                permission from that legal entity, which you must also be able
                to demonstrate/confirm if requested to do so;
the Vehicle has had all the customary maintenance as advised by
                the manufacturer of the Vehicle; and
the Vehicle can be used in the normal manner and has sufficient
                necessary fluids, including, but not limited to, motor oil,
                brake fluid, coolant, etc., unless otherwise explicitly agreed
                in the Rental Agreement with the Renter.
The Owner must ensure at all times that his Profile and the pictures of
        his Vehicle are up to date. A clear and complete set of photographs of
        the Vehicle must be available and this set must be updated regularly (at
        least once a month) to determine and log the current condition of the
        Vehicle (and any existing damage and/or scratches and dents). SnappCar
        recommends that the vehicle's registration number be shielded or made
        invisible in the pictures
In the event that at any point in time a Vehicle no longer is in
        complete compliance with the foregoing requirements, you will be
        required to delete the Vehicle from your Profile and terminate any and
        all pending reservations or Rental Agreements and/or to reject any
        Rental Requests,
SnappCar is entitled to delete the Vehicle from the Platform at any time
        and to terminate any and all pending reservations or Rental Agreements
        and/or to reject any Rental Requests, if it suspects and/or has evidence
        that the Vehicle no longer complies with one or more of the requirements
        set out in Article 5.1 under b, for example (but not limited to) in the
        event of an above-average number of breakdown notifications for a
        Vehicle or if SnappCar is notified by a leasing company that the
        permission referred to in Article 5.1 under b(vi) has been revoked.
It is not permitted to add to the Profile and/or to lease more than
        three (3) Vehicles using the Platform, unless prior express permission
        has been given. Commercial leasing of Vehicles is not permitted.
It is not permitted to offer the same Vehicle through several or
        different Profiles.
It is not permitted to offer a Vehicle using the Platform and/or to
        conclude a Rental Agreement with a Renter who is a member of the Owner’s
        family (including, but not limited to, parents, brothers or sisters,
        children), who are temporarily or permanently a member of the same
        household and/or residing at the same address.
For the performance of the Service, SnappCar and the Insurer are
        entitled to verify the specifications (such as, for example, value and
        age), insurance history, criminal records and damage history of
        Vehicles, by consulting third parties’ databases.
SnappCar is entitled to refuse and/or to delete the registration of a
        Vehicle, without being required to state the reasons for doing so.
Insofar as SnappCar offers you functionalities in order to make
        decisions (or in order to make better decisions) with respect to present
        or potential Renters, Rental Requests, Rental Prices or other matters,
        you accept that that is offered solely by way of support. You accept
        that you, yourself, are fully responsible at all times for offering a
        Vehicle, determining the Rental Fee and the Mileage Fee, accepting or
        rejecting Rental Requests, the use of the Service and concluding a
        Rental Agreement.
You, yourself, are also fully liable for any and all damage and costs
        that are the result of the fact that you and/or your Vehicle are/is not
        (or no longer are/is) fully in compliance with the foregoing
        requirements. This means that, for example (but not limited to), in the
        event of an (early) termination of the Rental Agreement due to wear and
        tear and/or poor maintenance of the Vehicle, the Owner must refund the
        paid Rental Fee to the Renter pro rata and must reimburse any associated
        additional costs (such as, for example, repair costs or activated Road
        Side Assistance).
Article 6: The Platform
You accept that SnappCar offers only a Platform on which you can come in
        contact with other Users for the purpose of concluding a Rental
        Agreement. SnappCar facilitates only the Platform but has no knowledge
        of and/or involvement in the information (which also includes the
        Profile information) that you or other Users exchange using the Platform
        and the Vehicles that are made available using the Platform. Thus,
        SnappCar is not a party to the Rental Agreement and therefore it cannot
        accept any liability whatsoever for it.
SnappCar offers the Platform ‘as is’. You accept that the Service
        contains only the functionality and other characteristics as you find
        them on the Platform at the time at which you are using it. SnappCar
        reserves the right (whether or not) to offer certain functionalities,
        services and features of the Service to (part of) its Users based on
        objective criteria. SnappCar expressly, tacitly and explicitly excludes
        any and all guarantees, undertakings and indemnifications of any kind
        whatsoever, including, but not limited to, guarantees, undertakings and
        indemnifications with respect to the quality, completeness, safety,
        lawfulness and correctness of the Service (and the use of the Service),
        the Platform (and the use of the Platform) and the information that is
        offered on it, unless these General Terms and Conditions provide
        otherwise.
You accept that SnappCar is entitled at all times to change, modify
        and/or close down the Platform or the Service without being liable
        towards you for any damage. In the event that you do not wish to accept
        any modifications and/or changes, the sole remedy is to no longer use
        the Service and the Platform and to have your Profile deleted.
SnappCar does not guarantee that the Service will be accessible at all
        times and without any interruptions or breakdowns. Reasons that the
        Service may breakdown include, but are not limited to, breakdowns in the
        Internet or telephone connection or at service providers or as a result
        of viruses or other errors/defects. You accept that SnappCar is not
        liable towards you for any damage that ensues from or that is the result
        of the Service being temporarily or permanently unavailable or as a
        result of the Service temporarily or permanently breaking down in the
        course of use.
You accept that SnappCar is entitled to close down the Service
        temporarily or permanently and/or to restrict the use of the Service,
        without any prior notification being required and without being liable
        towards you as a result, in the event that SnappCar is of the opinion
        that it is necessary to do so, for example in the context of reasonably
        necessary maintenance of the Platform.
You accept full liability towards SnappCar and possibly third parties
        for any and all information that you make available using your Profile
        or that you exchange in any other manner in the context of a Rental
        Agreement, Insurance Agreement and/or Rental Request.
You accept that SnappCar does not give and cannot give any guarantee
        whatsoever in respect of Vehicles that are offered using the Platform
        and that it has not checked the information that is made available on
        the Platform, by means of Profiles or in any other manner, and that it
        does not accept any liability whatsoever for such information. In
        addition, you accept that you cannot hold SnappCar liable in any manner
        whatsoever, unless these General Terms and Conditions explicitly provide
        otherwise.
At all times, SnappCar has the right to remove reviews about Renters or
        Owners posted on the Platform if the relevant reviews are
        unsubstantiated, incorrect or incompatible with standards and values.
Article 7: Conclusion of the Rental Agreement
The Rental Fee will be set by the Owner, within the minimum and
            maximum amounts set by SnappCar and any further instructions.
SnappCar is entitled to charge additional charges, such as the
            SnappCar Fee and the Insurance Fee, as well as additional charges
            based on an established risk profile, for example in connection with
            the age of the User, year of manufacture or value of a Vehicle, or
            an additional charge on behalf of the Insurer (for example a
            surcharge for coverage abroad if applicable) or a surcharge based on
            choices made by the User (for example in connection with Roadside
            Assistance).
The Owner also will set the Mileage Fee. The ‘free kilometres’ (the
            number of kilometres for which no fee has to be paid) will be
            determined by the Owner, if applicable, within the context of the
            instructions given by SnappCar. It is not permitted to settle the
            Mileage Fee between themselves and/or to charge any other costs to
            the Renter or settle any other costs between themselves.
Renters are permitted to submit multiple Rental Requests, up to the
        maximum number indicated on the Platform.
The Owner concerned will receive a message with respect to the Rental
        Request. An Owner should indicate on the Platform if he wishes to accept
        the Rental Request.
The Rental Agreement will be deemed to have been concluded at the time
        at which the Owner accepts the Renter’s Rental Request via the Platform.
        SnappCar is not a party to the Rental Agreement. SnappCar acts only as
        an intermediary by offering the Platform and facilitating payment.
Renters are not permitted to hire more than one (1) Vehicle using the
        platform in the same period or in periods that overlap. After a Rental
        Agreement has been concluded and the Rental Fee has been paid, any other
        outstanding Rental Requests for the same and/or an overlapping period
        will be cancelled automatically.
Article 8: Obligations pursuant to the Rental Agreement
During the Rental Period the Renter is responsible for the Vehicle and
        for all the costs that are related to the status, location and safety of
        the Vehicle.
The Renter warrants that he will use the Vehicle with due diligence and
        responsibly, and in accordance with the Rules of Conduct as they have
        been made available on the Platform.
The Renter is not permitted to allow any person other than the Renter
        himself, to pick up, to drive or to return the Vehicle, unless (i) the
        second driver is registered with SnappCar as a ‘Verified User’; (ii) the
        second driver has been reported to SnappCar in advance; and (iii) the
        Renter has informed the Owner in that respect.
Before the Owner gives possession of the Vehicle to the Renter as a
        result of the Rental Agreement, the Owner and the Renter must fill in
        all information on the SnappForm, correctly and completely, and confirm
        it, using the Platform (check in). The SnappForm forms part of the
        Rental Agreement. The Renter and the Owner are fully responsible for
        correctly and completely filling in all information and for properly
        checking in- and checking out using the Platform and/or the SnappCar
        application.
The Owner must prevent the Renter from taking possession of the Vehicle
        in the event that the Owner is of the opinion, on reasonable grounds,
        that the Renter:
is not in compliance with the terms and conditions for a Renter as
            stipulated in Article 4;
is unsuited to drive the Vehicle for any reason whatsoever;
cannot identify him-or herself, for example by showing a valid
            driving license or passport/ID (in order to identify himself);
cannot show confirmation of the Rental Agreement with the correct
            booking number; or
refuses to fill in the correct and complete information via the
            SnappCar application and/or the SnappForm and/or refuses to check
            in.
In the cases listed above the Owner may terminate the Rental Agreement
        without any costs or penalties being due.
The Renter may not take possession of the Vehicle in the event that the
        Renter is of the opinion, on reasonable grounds, that the Owner:
and/or the Vehicle is not in compliance with the terms and
            conditions stipulated in Articles 4 and 5;
ails to lay down any damage to the Vehicle in a correct and complete
            manner via the Platform, the SnappCar application and/or the
            SnappForm;
refuses to fill in any other information correctly and completely
            via the SnappCar application and/or the SnappForm and/or refuses to
            check in.
In the cases listed above the Renter may terminate the Rental Agreement
        without any costs or penalties being due and the Renter will receive
        from the Owner a refund of the Rental Fee that has been paid.
The Renter is responsible for returning the Vehicle:
on the date and at the time and place as agreed in the Rental
            Agreement. If the place of return has not (exactly) been agreed in
            the Rental Agreement, the Renter must return the Vehicle to a
            permitted parking space, which is explicitly approved by the Owner;
without any of the Renter’s personal possessions being left in the
            Vehicle;
including any and all keys and papers and/or other documentation and
            materials (including reserve materials) and accessories, including,
            but not limited to, the spare wheel, the carjack, and any and all
            other materials that were in the Vehicle at the time at which the
            Vehicle was made available to the Renter;
With the fuel meter at the same setting as it was when the
            possession was taken of the Vehicle, unless otherwise agreed (and
            laid down by the parties in the SnappForm or in another way, as
            designated by SnappCar);
In the same condition as the Vehicle was in when possession was
            taken of it, unless otherwise agreed and recorded in the SnappForm.
The Renter is fully responsible for any and all damage that the Owner,
        SnappCar and/or third parties sustain as a result of the Renter’s
        failure to comply with his obligations in whole or in part. Moreover,
        the Renter accepts the responsibilities as set out above, as well as the
        obligation to cooperate with handling a damages claim and accepts the
        penalty scheme and the penalties laid down in the
Penalty Policy
that SnappCar can impose and recover, in addition to the actual damage
        that the Owner or SnappCar have sustained.
After the Rental Period has ended the Renter and the Owner will be
        obliged to indicate on the SnappForm using the Platform whether the
        Vehicle has been damaged, as well as the Vehicle’s odometer/ the
        Vehicles mileage and the level of the fuel in the Vehicle. The Renter
        and the Owner are obliged to jointly sign / confirm the SnappForm (and
        to check out). In the event that one of the two parties refuses to
        jointly confirm the SnappForm and to check out, both parties will be
        obliged to notify SnappCar immediately by e-mail, with an explanation
        and to substantiate this with evidence (for example by means of photos).
In accordance with Article 5.2 of these Terms and Conditions, the Owner
        must ensure that its Profile and the pictures of its Vehicle are
        up-to-date. In addition, the Owner must inspect the Vehicle after each
        transaction and determine if the condition of the Vehicle is still
        correct and up-to-date. If there are any changes (for example damages),
        the Owner must add new up-to-date Pictures to its Profile.
The Insurer's terms and conditions shall apply in respect of the period
        within which Damage, which has occurred during the Rental Period, must
        be reported, as well as whether pictures must be submitted. The Insurer
        also determines whether there is cover for the Damage.
The Renter and the Owner are fully responsible for correctly and
        completely following, filling in, checking and completing the SnappCar
        application and the SnappForm, including checking in and out properly
        and in a timely manner. The SnappForm forms part of the Rental Agreement
        and can be downloaded by the Renter and the Owner after confirmation.
In the event of any inaccuracies in the SnappForm, the User must report
        to SnappCar Support as soon as possible, but no later than 48 hours
        after the end of the Rental Period.
SnappCar is not a party to the Rental Agreement and/or the Insurance
        Agreement. It is therefore the responsibility of the Renter and the
        Owner to find a solution to any conflict that arises, themselves.
Article 9: Term and termination of the Rental Agreement
The Rental Agreement will be entered into for the Rental Period and will
        end automatically when the Rental Period ends and after payment has been
        made in full. The Renter and the Owner may terminate the Rental
        Agreement prematurely only in accordance with the
Penalty Policy
.
The return of the Vehicle at an earlier time than the time agreed in the
        Rental Agreement will not result in the Rental Agreement being
        terminated and/or a full or partial refund of the Rental Price.
SnappCar must receive the Rental Fee, as well as the SnappCar Fee,
        Insurance Fee and any other applicable additional charges in full before
        the commencement of the intended Rental Period.
The parties may extend the Rental Agreement until the end of the
        intended Booking Period. With respect to an extension of the Booking
        Period, the same procedure must be followed as the procedure that was
        followed in order to conclude the initial Rental Agreement. In the event
        that the Owner fails to accept the request to extend the Rental
        Agreement, the original Booking Period will apply as laid down in the
        Rental Agreement. The Renter must return the Vehicle in a timely manner
        within the original Booking Period. These General Terms and Conditions
        will also apply mutatis mutandis in respect of any (agreed to)
        extensions of the Rental Agreement.
The parties may withdraw the Rental Agreement within a period of 14 days
        following conclusion of the Rental Agreement as set out in clause 7.4
        above. However, the Rental Agreement may not be withdrawn by either
        party after the start of the Rental Period. As of the start of the
        Rental Period, the Rental Agreement is expected to be fulfilled in full,
        with regard to the right of withdrawal.
Article 10: Damage, insurance and penalties
The Insurance Agreement will be concluded at the same time as the
        conclusion of the Rental Agreement. The Insurance Agreement will depend
        on the Rental Agreement and the Rental Period. The Insurance Agreement
        will be governed by the Insurer’s terms of insurance. In the event that
        the prescribed procedure is not followed for the conclusion of the
        Rental Agreement or any extension of it, the Vehicle will not be
        insured.
The Renter is fully liable for any Damage. Damages must be reported to
        the Insurer within a certain period after the end of the Rental Period.
        The period is determined by the Insurer and is laid down in the
        Insurance Agreement.
In the event that Damage is covered by the Insurance Agreement, the
        Renter will be obliged to pay only the Deductible.
In the event of Damage, the Renter must remain in the close vicinity of
        the Vehicle until Roadside Assistance arrives or until it has been
        explicitly agreed with the Letter that the Vehicle can be left behind.
The amount of the Deductible may vary depending on factors such as age
        and value of the Vehicle. As an extra service, SnappCar can offer the
        Renter the possibility to buy off or reduce the deductible for a fixed
        amount per rental day.
If the Renter has bought off the Deductible and Damage occurs, SnappCar
        is entitled to collect a prepayment on the Deductible from the Renter.
The Insurer determines the Insurance terms and conditions and whether
        cover exists under the Insurance Agreement. SnappCar is not a party to
        the Insurance Agreement. If Damage is not covered by the Insurance
        Agreement and/or a conflict arises about it, then the Users must (and/or
        with the Insurer) settle the Damage, between themselves.
The Insurer can and is entitled to stipulate, as a condition for
        coverage, that the Renter and/or the Owner must submit a completely
        filled in and confirmed (and/or and signed) SnappForm and that the
        Renter and/or the Owner must submit a fully filled in and signed
        European claim form. In the event that the Renter or the Owner fails to
        cooperate or fails to cooperate sufficiently in that respect, that
        party, himself, will be liable for any damage that ensues. Thus, that
        includes, but is not limited to, the damage that occurs and is not
        covered by the Insurer because Users have not cooperated or have not
        cooperated sufficiently.
In the event that it becomes apparent that an Owner is attempting to
        pass on to a Renter any damage that already had been caused to the
        Vehicle, the actual costs of the required loss assessment, claims
        handling and extra administrative acts (such as inclusion in the
        reporting and control systems used by the Insurer and reporting
        insurance fraud to the police), will be recovered from the Owner, plus
        an administrative penalty as stipulated in the Penalty Policy. That
        amount will be a minimum of EUR 1,000 for each incident. The Owner will
        also be excluded from the SnappCar Platform. It may also have
        consequences and (possibly) lead to exclusion at the Insurer.
The Owner, himself, is responsible for any required notification to his
        current insurer of the fact that the Vehicle will be leased. The Owner,
        himself, is responsible for compliance with the terms and conditions of
        his current insurer and thus, for example, must estimate, himself,
        whether the number of kilometres per year in respect of his current
        insurance policy should be changed and to notify his current insurer in
        that respect.
SnappCar determines the Penalty Policy and is entitled to impose fines
        on Users. The most recent version of the Penalty Policy can be found
here
. SnappCar is not obliged to impose fines (and/or to pay collected
        fines to Owners).
Article 11: Payment
The Renter will pay the Rental Price as agreed in the Rental Agreement.
        The Rental Fee, as well as the SnappCar Fee, Insurance Fee and any other
        applicable additional charges must have been paid in full prior to the
        commencement of the Rental Period. The Mileage Fee, as well as the
        SnappCar Fee and the Insurance Fee in relation to the Mileage Fee, must
        have been paid in full, in accordance with Article 11.8, after the
        Renter and the Owner have confirmed the mileage.
Information regarding payment methods is provided on the
Platform
. All payments in relation to the Service will be handled in
        cooperation with a third party (Stripe, see Art. 11.3 All payments will
        be made to that third party first, after which that third party will
        distribute the payments to the relevant Owners after the relevant Rental
        Agreement has ended, and to SnappCar and third parties such as the
        Insurance Company.
Payment processing services for Users on the SnappCar-Platform are
        provided by Stripe and are subject to the
Stripe Connected Account Agreement
, which includes the
Stripe Terms of Service
(collectively, the “Stripe Services Agreement”). By agreeing to these
        General Terms & Conditions or continuing to operate as a User on the
        Platform, you agree to be bound by the Stripe Services Agreement, as the
        same may be modified by Stripe from time to time. As a condition of
        SnappCar enabling payment processing services through Stripe, you agree
        to provide SnappCar accurate and complete information about you and your
        business, and you authorize SnappCar to share it and transaction
        information related to your use of the payment processing services
        provided by Stripe.
If you do not accept the Stripe Services Agreement (and/or do not meet
        the conditions imposed by Stripe), SnappCar cannot make any payments.
        SnappCar is not obliged to make payment in a different way or manner.
If the Renter fails to pay SnappCar the Renter Price and/or additional
        costs as referred to in Article 11.9 in time, SnappCar may assign its
        claim against the Renter to a third party. This third party will use
        Mollie Payments to process transactions. In this context, personal data
        of the Renter can be shared with Mollie Payments.
SnappCar’s information will be deemed to be correct in respect of the
        determination of the amount of any payment to the Renter or the Owner.
SnappCar does not accept any liability whatsoever in respect of mistakes
        made when entering into Rental Agreements, including, but not limited
        to, mistakes with respect to Profiles, Rental Periods, Rental Fees,
        Vehicles and the Mileage or Mileage Fees.
After the Rental Period has ended the Mileage Fee will be collected from
        the Renter immediately after the number of extra kilometres driven has
        been confirmed by the Renter and the Owner. The Mileage Fee will then be
        paid to the Owner after it has been collected, together with the Rental
        Fee.
You accept that SnappCar may charge additional costs and may collect
        them after the Rental Period has ended, as a supplement to the Rental
        Price, including, but not limited to costs with respect to:
any penalties on the ground of the Penalty Policy;
fuel costs (if the vehicle has been returned with a lower fuel level
            than agreed);
cleaning costs (in the event that the vehicle becomes dirty during
            the Rental Period);
charges for Roadside Assistance (not covered by the chosen Roadside
            Assistance service);
the Deductible that may apply on the basis of the Insurance
            Agreement, which is collected by SnappCar on behalf of the Insurer;
any penalties and procedural costs related to parking, traffic
            and/or other violations, including, but not limited to, any towing
            costs or costs related to a wheel clamp that are caused during the
            Rental Period and/or by the Renter;
a loss or damage as a result of a User’s failure to comply with
            these General Terms and Conditions, insofar as that is permitted by
            law;
a loss or damage as a result of the User’s failure to comply with
            the Rental Agreement, insofar as that is permitted by law;
VAT or other taxes that are levied on amounts referred to in this
            Article or the Rental Price;
any Advance payments paid by SnappCar to third parties, including
            for example other Users; and
any costs that result from reversing automatic debt collections in
            the bank account that is known to SnappCar and indicated by the
            User.
The Owner accepts that if and insofar as SnappCar is unable to collect
        the additional costs as referred to in Art. 11.9 of these General Terms
        & Conditions, SnappCar will not be obliged to pay those additional costs
        to the Owner, regardless of the underlying reason, including in the
        event that the costs are not covered by the Insurance Agreement.
Owners are responsible for compliance with any local tax and other
        regulations (including any obligation to pay tax, such as income and
        sales tax) that may apply to the rental or lease of your Vehicle.
        SnappCar does not pay any VAT on the Rental Fee (received by Owners),
        nor on the insurance premium paid by Users to the Insurer. SnappCar only
        pays VAT in relation to the SnappCar Fee that benefits her (not being
        the Rental Fee).
The User authorises SnappCar to debit the following payments from the
        bank account number known to SnappCar or used by the User (or Credit
        Card) at the time at which they arise:
a penalty on the ground of SnappCar’s Penalty Policy;
a payment that is due with respect to the Service, including the
            Mileage Fee, the SnappCar Fee, the Insurance Fee and any applicable
            additional charges;
a payment that is due with respect to the Deductible;
a payment that is due with respect to a loss or damage as a result
            of a failure on the part of the User to comply with these General
            Terms and Conditions; and
any Advance payments paid by SnappCar;
A pre-payment as referred to in Article 10.6 of these General Terms
            and Conditions.
SnappCar is entitled to demand a deposit. When registering on the
        Platform the Renter grants permission, for as far as necessary, to make
        available a deposit. SnappCar can use the deposit to collect outstanding
        debts (for example in respect of the Rental Price) or additional costs
        (as described in Article 11.9), if the Renter does not pay these of its
        own accord. The Renter pays the deposit during or prior to the first
        booking, after which the deposit remains available for all subsequent
        bookings.
SnappCar is entitled to set off amounts due and/or to suspend its
        Service at any time.
Article 12: IP rights
All SnappCar IP vest exclusively in CarShare Ventures B.V. and/or its
        licensors.
CarShare Ventures B.V. hereby grants the Users a limited, personal,
        revocable right that cannot be sublicensed or transferred to use the
        SnappCar IP in the manner stipulated in these General Terms and
        Conditions.
Notifications or indications with respect to the SnappCar IP may not be
        modified in any manner whatsoever, including, but not limited to,
        removing them, rendering them illegible, hiding them or changing them.
Any direct or indirect infringement of the SnappCar IP is prohibited.
        You guarantee that you will not perform any acts that could directly or
        indirectly infringe or harm the SnappCar IP, including, but not limited
        to doing so by means of domain names, trademarks, brand names or
        advertisements (for example using Google AdWords).
Insofar as any IP rights are vested in any information that you include
        in your profile, you hereby grant SnappCar, at no cost, a worldwide,
        unencumbered licence that may be sublicensed and that is non- exclusive
        to use and disclose that information.
Article 13: Liability
SnappCar is liable solely for direct damage (as described below) that
        you sustain as a result of a culpable breach and/or wrongful act on the
        part of SnappCar, subject to a maximum amount of EUR 1,000. In no event
        will SnappCar’s total liability in respect of eachincident, and in the
        event of successive incidents in respect of each calendar year, exceed
        the amount of EUR 1,000.
Direct damage is taken to mean only:
material damage to goods;
reasonable costs that are incurred in order to prevent or limit
            direct damage and that could have been expected as a result of the
            incident on which the liability is based; and
reasonable costs that are incurred in order to determine the cause
            of the damage, the liability, the direct damage and the manner of
            rectification.
Any liability on the part of SnappCar for anything other than direct
        damage, including consequential damage, is excluded. In this context
        consequential damage is taken to mean in any event: loss of revenue,
        loss of profit, lost savings, a decrease in goodwill, damage as a result
        of a business interruption, losses, costs that are incurred in order to
        prevent or determine consequential damage, lost property, exchange of or
        damage to electronic data and/or losses due to delays.
SnappCar is in any event under no circumstances liable for damage as a
        result of:
information that SnappCar receives from third parties or information
            placed on websites of third parties, to which SnappCar refers;
information that Users place on the Platform or in Profiles;
damage to or loss of property, including a Vehicle;
death or injury, unless it is the result of an intentional act or
            omission or gross negligence on the part of SnappCaR;
Traffic or parking violations in connection with a Vehicle;
fuel costs in connection with a Vehicle;
another User’s failure to comply with these General Terms and
            Conditions; and
The termination of a Rental Agreement, discontinuation of the
            Service, removal of a Profile and/or closure of the Platform;
The Insurer's assessment of whether or not Damage(s) are eligible
            for reimbursement (and the amount of any related
            benefit/reimbursement).
This limitation of SnappCar’s liability is not intended to exclude
        liability on the part of SnappCar for any intentional act or omission
        and/or wilful recklessness on the part of SnappCar itself (‘own acts’)
        and/or its supervisory subordinates.
You indemnify SnappCar against any and all damage and costs, including,
        but not limited to, damage as a result of an actual or alleged
        infringement of the SnappCar IP, claims brought by third parties,
        collection costs, statutory commercial interest, loss of profit, any
        penalties or fines that are owed, and costs of legal assistance that
        SnappCar sustains or incurs and that ensue from (i) a culpable breach as
        a result of a failure on your part to comply with the General Terms and
        Conditions; (ii) your use of the Service; or (iii) a wrongful or
        unlawful act, including, but not limited to, a violation or breach of
        the Rental Agreement.
Article 14: Termination of the Profile
You have the right to cease using the Service at any time and to
        terminate/delete your Profile. The termination of your Profile will not
        affect any Rental Agreements that already have been concluded before the
        time at which you Profile was terminated. All Rental Requests will be
        cancelled.
You accept that SnappCar has the right to block your use of the Service,
        to exclude you and/or to delete your profile, without being liable
        towards you, in the event that SnappCar finds that there is reason to do
        so, for example, but not limited to, in the event that you act contrary
        to any provision stipulated in these General Terms and Conditions.
In the event that after your Profile has been terminated you still are
        entitled to receive a payment and/or still have a balance at the time at
        which your Profile is terminated, SnappCar will ensure that those
        amounts are paid out to you.
Any and all amounts that you owe SnappCar will be due and payable
        immediately at the time at which your Profile is terminated.
Article 15: Miscellaneous provisions
These General Terms and Conditions and any and all disputes that arise
        from and/or are related to them are governed the mandatory and
        applicable laws and regulations of the country where the vehicle is
        registered and leased.
Any and all disputes that ensue from and/or are related to these General
        Terms and Conditions will be submitted to the competent court in
        Utrecht, unless another competent court is designated in accordance with
        mandatory provisions of law.
If you have a complaint, please submit your complaint to SnappCar first,
        via the following
webform
. If your complaint is not dealt with to your satisfaction, you, as a
        consumer, are entitled to file your complaint via the platform of the
        European Union (European Online Dispute Resolution Platform)
http://ec.europa.eu/odr
In the event that any provision stipulated in these General Terms and
        Conditions turns out to be null and void or subject to nullification or
        is or becomes invalid in whole or in part for any other reason, the
        other provisions stipulated in the General Terms and Conditions will
        remain fully in force. SnappCar will replace the invalid provision with
        a provision that is valid and whose legal consequences, taking into
        consideration the content and the purport of these General Terms and
        Conditions, are as close as possible to those of the invalid provision.
SnappCar is entitled to transfer to third parties or to pledge any and
        all claims, powers, rights and obligations, and actions that are related
        to the General Terms and Conditions and will notify you in the event
        that it does so. You hereby declare nunc pro tunc that you will
        cooperate with such a transfer or pledge and that in the event of such a
        transfer that third party will be entitled to exercise any and all
        rights towards you.
SNAPPCAR KEYLESS - CONDITIONS
The Keyless Conditions form part of the SnappCar Terms and Conditions and
      apply only to SnappCar Keyless and all Users who rent or lease a SnappCar
      Keyless Vehicle.
Article 16: Additional definitions
SnappCar Keyless:
Service provided by SnappCar whereby the Owner
      and the Renter enter into a rental transaction without the Owner being
      present in person.
SnappCar Keyless Technology:
Technology with which the Vehicle can
      be locked and opened via the SnappCar Keyless App or SnappCar Platform,
      and with which the location of the Vehicle is registered.
Keyless Owner Agreement:
Agreement between SnappCar and the Owner
      for the use of SnappCar Keyless.
Article 17: Keyless Owner Agreement
In order to rent out a Vehicle using SnappCar Keyless, SnappCar Keyless
      technology must be built into the Vehicle and the Owner must enter into a
      Keyless Owner Agreement, to which these Terms and Conditions also apply.
Article 18: Check-in and Check-out, damage, insurance
Users who rent of lease via SnappCar Keyless agree that the Vehicle can
        be remotely unlocked using SnappCar Keyless technology (without the
        intervention of the User).
The moment that the Users confirm the key transfer via the Platform at
        the start of the Rental Period will be deemed to be the moment that the
        Renter unlocks and accesses the Vehicle by means of the SnappCar Keyless
        technology.
The moment the Users confirm the key transfer via the Platform at the
        end of the Rental Period will be deemed to be the moment the Renter
        locks the Vehicle using the SnappCar Keyless Technology.
Users agree that the Renter and Owner do not inspect the Vehicle
        together prior to and after the end of the Rental Period. Therefore, the
        Renter must inspect the Vehicle with extra care in advance and it is
        strongly recommended to take pictures of existing damage(s) and add
        these pictures via the SnappCar Platform.
At the end of the Rental Period, any Damage must be reported in
        accordance with the procedures described in these General Terms and
        Conditions. The Renter must take pictures of the Vehicle at check-out
        (regardless of whether or not Damage has occurred). These photos can be
        added via the SnappCar Platform. The Renter must be able to provide the
        photographs to SnappCar on request.
The User(s) agree that no physical identity check of the Renter is
        possible (as described in Article 8.5 c of these General Terms and
        Conditions).
Contrary to Article 8.9, the Owner cannot make any changes in the
        check-out procedure and the information will be automatically approved.
        In the event of any inaccuracies in the SnappForm, the Owner can report
        to SnappCar support. This must be done as soon as possible, but in any
        case within 48 hours after the end of the Rental Period.
Article 19: Technology
With reference to Article 6.4, SnappCar cannot guarantee that the SnappCar
      Keyless technology will always function without faults and/or errors. You
      accept that SnappCar is not liable to you for any damage resulting from or
      resulting from (temporary) unavailability, (temporary) malfunctions or
      (interim) failure of the SnappCar Keyless technology.
Article 20: Privacy and User Data
To enable SnappCar Keyless rentals, SnappCar collects the vehicle's
        geo-location data. This information is requested and processed by
        SnappCar so that the Hirer can offer the Vehicle for hire via SnappCar
        Keyless and the Hirer can see the location of the Vehicle.
SnappCar can store, view and analyze log file information such as
        events, engine/car diagnostics, status, location and speed for fraud
        detection and prevention. The
SnappCar Keyless Privacy Policy
informs Users about the use and processing of data collected within
        SnappCar Keyless.
@2023
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.snappcar.nl/account/terms-and-conditions/privacy?view=privacy:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
SnappCar uses cookies
SnappCar uses cookies (and similar techniques). With these cookies we and third parties can collect information about you and monitor your internet behaviour within and possibly also outside our website.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Amazon
18
Learn more about this provider
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
numberOfTimesUserVisitedCarDetails
Pending
search_session_id
Pending
search_session_id_stored_time
Pending
SEARCH_STORE_SELECTION
Pending
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::b
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
rc::d-15#
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
rc::f
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
SnappCar.Auth
Pending
userId
Preserves users states across page requests.
events/page.gif
Pending
firebase-heartbeat-database#firebase-heartbeat-store
Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security.
firebase-installations-database#firebase-installations-store
Control cookie used in connection to the website’s Content Delivery Network (CDN).
lcid
Pending
registrationOriginURL
Pending
tangoClMId
Pending
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Customer.io
2
Learn more about this provider
_cio
Pending
_cioanonid
Pending
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_GRECAPTCHA
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
Stripe
6
Learn more about this provider
m
Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly.
_ab
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
_mf
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
id
Pending
__stripe_mid
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
__stripe_sid
This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information.
cdn.mxpnl.com
1
__mp_opt_in_out_#
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
www.snappcar.nl
1
environment
Pending
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Stripe
1
Learn more about this provider
1
This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website.
www.snappcar.nl
1
wp-wpml_current_language
Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Amazon
15
Learn more about this provider
__mpq_#_#
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
@firebase/performance/config
Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing.
@firebase/performance/configexpire
Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing.
MIXPANEL_UTM_LAST_SAVE_KEY
Pending
hjActiveViewportIds
This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience.
hjViewportId
Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website.
pa-l
Used in connection with End User Experience Monitoring (EUEM). The cookie collects information on application/device performance, which allows support/website staff to optimize their products and services.
pa-l_enabled
Used in connection with End User Experience Monitoring (EUEM). The cookie collects information on application/device performance, which allows support/website staff to optimize their products and services.
gsc
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
gscs
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
utmCampaign
Pending
utmContent
Pending
utmMedium
Pending
utmSource
Pending
utmTerm
Pending
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_dc_gtm_UA-#
Used by Google Tag Manager to control the loading of a Google Analytics script tag.
Hotjar
3
Learn more about this provider
_hjSession_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjSessionUser_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjTLDTest
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
cdn.mxpnl.com
2
mp_#_mixpanel [x2]
Pending
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
1
Learn more about this provider
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Amazon
8
Learn more about this provider
_uetsid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetsid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetvid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
gscw
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
Google
6
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga_#
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
_gid
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Microsoft
4
Learn more about this provider
MSPTC
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
MUID
Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
_uetsid
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Uncategorized
7
Uncategorized cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
Amazon
7
Learn more about this provider
mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_0486442a0156bef4cb9cf7e697222d01
Pending
mp_tab_id_mixpanel_0486442a0156bef4cb9cf7e697222d01
Pending
zalb_#
Pending
_gcl_ls
Pending
mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingEvents
Pending
mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingRegistry
Pending
SnapprankSorting_V6
Pending
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 3/13/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
Sub-policy 1
https://snappcar.nl/policies/nl/keyless-privacy-policy:
