Privacy Policy
Appindia Technologies and all its related entities consider privacy to be of the utmost importance, which
                        is why we would never invade it. This Privacy Policy covers the manner in which it collects and
                        uses any information you (Users) provide in connection with any Appindia Technologies game or Application.
                        This Privacy Policy applies to all Services offered by Appindia Technologies. This includes any services,
                        features and content accessible or downloadable from Website (Site), and (ii) any other Appindia Technologies application, service or product licensed, downloaded or otherwise accessed by such users
                        through third party websites or sources, including Google Play Store and iOS App Store ((i) and
                        (ii) collectively, the “Service”).
What Information do we collect
Appindia Technologies gives you a number of options regarding what information you will give us:


                    When you register a profile with Appindia Technologies, your profile including any information will be
                    registered with Appindia Technologies. When you identify yourself on a Appindia Technologies site, you may identify
                    yourself using a Appindia Technologies account. When you identify yourself on a Appindia Technologies site, you may
                    identify yourself through a social network account in which Appindia Technologies may receive additional
                    information about your profile.


                    Appindia Technologies may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service.
                    This can include instances such as
(i) by using Appindia Technologies mobile apps or visiting our websites,
(ii) registration for Services, contests and special events;
(iii) accessing Services using a third party ID, such as social networking sites or gaming
                    services;
(iv) purchasing a product or services through Appindia Technologies online stores or within the app (or
                    "in-app purchase");
(v) using “tell a friend,” "email this page," “share this code” or other similar features;
(vi) requesting technical support; and
(vii) otherwise through use of Appindia Technologies Services where personal data is required for use
                    and/or participation.
The data we collect on you may include, but is not limited to: email address, device ID,
                    IP-address, user names and passwords. We may supplement your data with data received from third
                    parties in connection with demographic, advertisement, market and other analytics surveys or
                    services. Any information collected will only be used to enhance your game play experience and
                    will never be misused in any manner.
Use of Personal Information Identification
Our primary goal in collecting your information is to provide you with an enhanced experience
                    when
                    using the Services. We use your information to closely monitor which features of the Services
                    are
                    used most, to notify you of new product releases, service notifications, and to solicit your
                    feedback and input and to determine which features we need to focus on improving, including
                    usage
                    patterns and geographic locations to determine where we should offer or focus services, features
                    and/or resources.
Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but
                    not
                    limited to, an individual’s name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email
                    address and home address. We do not collect any information pertaining to a person’s phone
                    number,
                    credit card or other billing information, email address and home address. If any of this
                    information
                    is shared through Google Play during purchases, it is stored and secured by Google. We only
                    receive
                    the Order ID or Transaction ID and the Receipt Data, which we store as a record of the
                    transaction
                    on our end.
We do collect personal public information from Users such as their username, profile pic,
                    location,
                    as well as their Facebook name, profile pic, user ID, etc. However, this information is only
                    used to
                    personalise the game for the user, and is not intended to be used in any other way. This
                    information
                    is only collected if users voluntarily submit such information to us through our Services. Users
                    can
                    always refuse to supply personal information. In said case, Users should avoid using social
                    network
                    features such as logging in with Facebook and using Sharing and Friend invite requests.
Public Identification Information
This information also helps us deliver and support our Products and respond to your requests for
                    assistance. We also collect this information to improve our understanding of how our users use our
                    Products. We do not use this information for any purpose other than to provide the Services, make
                    sure it is available to you when you use our Products and improve our algorithms underlying our
                    Products.
We may collect public identification information about Users whenever they interact with our
                    Services. Said information includes, but is not limited to data such as device type, brand and
                    model, IP address, Device ID, MAC address, installed software, application usage data, hardware
                    type, Operating System information, browser information, unique identifiers in browser cookies,
                    Flash cookies, and HTML5 local storage, Internet and on-line usage information, in-game information,
                    location and country, and whether you are using a point package.
This information is only collected to provide and maintain the Service and the game experience as
                    well as to help improve the gameplay for the user, as well as for advertising and analytics
                    purposes. Our processing for the above purposes is necessary for the performance of a contract to
                    which you are party in order to support the operation of the Service, facilitate the delivery of
                    requested products and services and enable maintenance and update of the Apps.
Social Media Features and Component
The Service can offer several integrations with sharing services and other tools (like Google +1
                    button, Facebook Like button, among others), that can be used to share information and take
                    actions
                    while interacting with our Service. Also we may integrate Social Media Services in our Games
                    competitive services for sharing Scores and Achievement between players, like Google Play Games
                    Services or others. The use of these services and tools is a free choice of each user.
                    It's not necessary to use these services. The social features that each User agreed to use enables
                    the sharing of information with other contacts or the general public, depending on the configuration
                    options the entity provides.
                    For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection
                    with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the
                    entities that provide these features.
If you use one of our applications and connect to your Facebook or other Social Media account
                    within
                    such application, you will be providing us with basic account information i.e., user ID, name,
                    email, gender, birthday, current city, profile picture URL and the user IDs of your friends who
                    have
                    also connected with our applications. In addition, we will cache data we receive from the
                    Facebook
                    or other Social Media APIs to improve our user experience.
This information is used solely to connect to the Social Media and allow users to display their
                    data
                    on the game accounts as their username, etc. This also allows Users to complete their actions
                    such
                    as sent request to their friends, connect and play with their friends, share information on
                    their
                    walls or timelines, etc.
This information is voluntarily provided by the user when they connect the app to their social
                    media
                    accounts. If you do not want to share this data with us, please refrain from connecting the app
                    with
                    your social media accounts. If you want us to delete the data we have received from your
                    accounts,
                    please contact us for the same.
Usage of User Information
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
By accepting our Privacy Policy or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to us
                    collecting and using the information, as well as the processing and transferring of the
                    information
                    as deemed necessary.
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve the App;
Develop new apps, sites and services;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related
                            information;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative
                            messages;
Provide news and information about the App that we think will be of interest to you;
Personalise and improve the App and provide tailored content and features;
Monitor and analyse trends, usage and activities in connection with the App;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and
                            provide you with better service
Sharing of User Information
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate the Service, to provide the
                    Service on our behalf, or to assist us in analysing how the Service is used. These third parties
                    have access to Your Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and may not use Your
                    Information for any other purpose. We may also provide Your Information to our business partners
                    or
                    other trusted entities for the purpose of providing you with information on goods or services we
                    believe will be of interest to you.
                    Furthermore, if you have given your consent in accordance with the GDPR, we share your
                    advertising
                    ID to advertising network companies for the purpose of them serving behavioural advertisements
                    to
                    you within the App.
We may share Your Information with third parties with whom we have a strategic relationship such
                    as ad networks and analytics providers. The information shared with these third parties may be used
                    for industry analysis, tracking ad conversions or demographic profiling.
About your Information Disclosing
If we are required or authorised to disclose by law or by a law enforcement agency;
To our business partners in the course of providing our Products and Services to you, or
                    generally in the conduct of our business. This may include organisations that provide services to
                    us, such as payment processors or hosting services.
To avoid, lessen or prevent a serious emergency or crime. If we use or disclose personal
                    information about you in those circumstances we will make a written record of such use or
                    disclosure.
Third Part Content and Links to Third Party Servies
The Service may contain links to other websites and online services (“Linked Sites”). The fact
                    that we link to a third party website or service is not an endorsement or representation of our
                    affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy policies or
                    practices.
You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such Linked
                    Sites, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to such Linked Sites. The operators of Linked
                    Sites may collect information about you, and may use and disclose that information. We encourage you
                    to review the privacy policies of the Linked Sites that you use.
Third-Party Advertising Companies
This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, determine the popularity
                    of certain content, deliver contextual advertising and content and better understand your activity
                    on the App.
Third-party ad serving technologies are integrated into the App, so if you do not want to be
                    subject
                    to these technologies, please do not use or access the App.
We reserve the right to use and disclose the collected, non-personal data for purposes of
                    advertising by us or our partners and contractors. We may employ third parties for ad serving
                    technologies who may use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving
                    through
                    Services.
We and these entities may use various identifiers to collect information about your use of the
                    App, including but not limited to your IP address, MAC address, device identifiers, software and
                    hardware information, time zone and usage information.
In-app Purchase Option
Some of our products and Services offer in-app purchases for certain features or items, such as
                    in-game currency against real money. It is not necessary to make any in app purchases to win
                    prizes or effectively use the apps.
                    There is no cap on the number of in app purchases you can make
                    and you acknowledge and agree that you are fully responsible for managing your in app purchases and
                    the
                    amount you spend on in app purchases within our app. If you do not want to make in-app
                    purchases,
                    please do not use these options and consider disabling them on your device.
Making an in-app purchase may require you to share personal identification information with us.
                    If
                    any private information is shared through Google Play during purchases, it is stored and secured
                    by
                    Google. We only receive the Order ID or Transaction ID and the Receipt Data, which we store as a
                    record of the transaction on our end. Same applies for transactions on Apple ID.
It should also be noted that the purchase of these features and in-game currency, such as
                    virtual coins, cash, gold, gems and diamonds, points, etc. last only for the duration of the app or
                    game. If you choose to uninstall the game or app, these features and coins will cease to exist, and
                    are not transferable. These virtual items subsequently cannot be exchanged into real money or
                    refunded.
You understand that you do not own Virtual Items, but acquire a limited license to use Virtual Items
                    according to the specific Game’s gameplay.
Children Under the age of 13
We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents for permission before sending any
                    information about themselves to us.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or
                    knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register
                    for
                    any of our Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address,
                    telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to
                    or
                    on Appindia Technologies. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a
                    child
                    under age 13 we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
Analytics of Data
The information collected may include your use of the App, including your, device type, brand
                    and
                    model, IP address, device identifiers, such as Device ID, MAC address, installed software,
                    application usage data, hardware type, Operating System information, browser information,
                    Internet
                    and on-line usage information, in-game information, geo-location, country, time zone and usage
                    information.
This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, determine the popularity
                    of
                    certain content, deliver contextual advertising and content and better understand your activity
                    on
                    the App. Third-party analytics technologies are integrated into the App, so if you do not want
                    to be
                    subject to these technologies, do not use or access the App.
We reserve the right to use and disclose the collected, non-personal data for the purpose of
                    analytic services by us or our partners and contractors. We may employ third parties to provide
                    analytics services for us. We and these entities may use certain methods to collect information
                    in
                    order to provide analytics.
Change of Information and Cancellation of Account
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as
                    your contact information provided as part of account registration. If your Protected Information
                    changes, or if you no longer desire our Services, you may correct, delete inaccuracies, or amend
                    information by making the change on our member information page or by contacting us through through
                    email address mentioned on our website or Mobile Application. We will make good faith efforts to
                    make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable.
You may also cancel or modify your communications that you have elected to receive from the
                    Services
                    by following the instructions contained within an e-mail or by logging into your user account
                    and
                    changing your communication preferences.
If upon modifying or changing the information earlier provided to Us, we find it difficult to
                    permit
                    access to our Services to you due to insufficiency / inaccuracy of the information, we may, in
                    our
                    sole discretion terminate your access to the Services by providing you a written notice to this
                    effect on your registered email id.
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide
                    you
                    services, contact us through email address mentioned on the bill received. We will retain your
                    Protected Information and Usage Information (including geo-location) for as long as your account
                    with the Services is active and as needed to provide you services. Even after your account is
                    terminated, we will retain your Protected Information and Usage Information (including
                    geo-location, and transaction history) as needed to comply with our legal and regulatory
                    obligations, resolve disputes, conclude any activities related to cancellation of an account,
                    investigate or prevent fraud and other inappropriate activity, to enforce our agreements, and for
                    other business reason.
After a period of time, your data may be anonymised and aggregated, and then may be held by us
                    as long as necessary for us to provide our Services effectively, but our use of the anonymised data
                    will be solely for analytic purposes.
Push Reportage
With your consent, we may send push notifications or alerts to your mobile device to provide
                    app-related information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages.
You can deactivate these notifications by changing your notification settings on your device.
Right to Request Access
You have the right to request access into the data that we are processing on you, including
                    information about:
-the purposes of the processing
-the categories of personal data concerned
-the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be
                    disclosed
-he envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored
Furthermore, you have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data undergoing processing.
Please note that the access may be restricted in case of intellectual property or trade secrets.
The Right to Object
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your
                    particular situation when the data are processed based on the balancing-of interest rule of the
                    GDPR. In this case, we will cease the processing unless there are compelling legitimate grounds
                    for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or if the processing is
                    necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing
                    purposes at any time. We will cease the processing of your personal data for this purpose after the
                    objection. Please note that if you exercise this right, your user license to use the App will
                    cease automatically.
Storage and Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards and maintain reasonable safeguards to attempt to
                    ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in our possession. Further, while
                    we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee
                    that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining access to
                    this information.
We do not warrant or represent that your Account or any of Your Information will be protected
                    against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. However, in case of such a
                    scenario, we will notify you as soon as we know, and no later than 72 hours since such an event.
Policy Updates
We reserve the right to revise, modify and update this Privacy Policy from time to time. These
                    updates, will take effect from the date of issue on the Site. Please check back regularly for
                    updates. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this
                    Privacy Policy.
Additional Questions
Again, feel free to contact us by sending an email to
,
                    any time, if
                    you have further questions about Appindia Technologies or this Privacy Policy, or if you want to receive a
                    previous version of this document.
Facebook Data Deletion
For data deletion submit form using this link:
https://appindia.net/datadeletion/deletion.html