Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Craft Community
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. We design our services with protection of your privacy in mind. This privacy policy explains how
Craft Community
treats the data it collects and receives. By using our service, you consent to our privacy policy.
Information We Collect
Personal Data That You Provide Us
We collect personal data from you when you voluntarily provide the information such as when you register for access to, or use the services. We use the personal data to provide the services, and to monitor the use of such services.
Non-Identifiable Data
We may collect aggregate statistics about our customers for statistical analysis to improve quality of the product. These statistics are collected passively, and will not include any personally identifying information.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal data. We may share it with the affiliated organizations that need to know the information in order to provide the
Craft Community
service, and that have agreed not to disclose it to others. We may also release your information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our service policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
Updating or Deleting Information
We will update and delete personal information you have provided to us on request. Please note that any information that we have may remain in backup storage for some period of time after the requests. We may retain certain logs to be consistent with legal requirements.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy from time to time if our practices change or if changes in the law require us to do so. In the event that we make changes, we will post notice of the new Policy from the privacy link on the App Store page.
Contacting Us
Please also feel free to contact us at
dapenapp@gmail.com
if you have any questions or feedback about the privacy policy.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it