Revised: June 2022
Kanopy, Inc. and its affiliates (“Kanopy,” “we,” “us” or “our”) respect your privacy. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to make you aware of how Kanopy collects, manages, protects, uses, and/or shares information through your use of Kanopy, including the website at
www.kanopy.com
and related mobile applications (collectively, the “Service”). This includes Personally Identifiable Information (PII) and non-personally identifiable information ("non-PII").
1. General
Generally, Personally Identifiable Information is information that can be used on its own to identify a specific person. For example, PII can be a full name, home address, email address, phone number, or login details. In most cases, non-personally identifiable information or "non-PII" is data that cannot be used on its own to identify a specific person. For example, in the context of the Services, non-PII can be language preference, watchlists, or user ratings. Non-PII is treated by Kanopy as PII when it's collected on an individual level and linked to any PII that you have chosen to submit to Kanopy or that Kanopy may have collected from your interactions with the Services.
By accessing or using the Service, you consent to the collection, use, disclosure, storage and processing of your information in accordance with: (i) this Privacy Policy; (ii) any related terms of service, end user license agreement, or services agreement, including, but not limited to, the agreement between Kanopy and the institution through which you obtain access to the Service (collectively, “Service Terms”); and (iii) and as permitted or required by applicable law.
2. How We Protect Your Information
Kanopy is responsible for safeguarding confidential information as well as any such information Kanopy may have because of a business relationship. We take technological and administrative measures to protect the information you provide through the Service against loss, theft, and unauthorized access, use, disclosure or modification. Technical access controls include password protection, multifactor authentication, and single sign on. Data is encrypted at rest and in transit over the Internet.
3. How We Collect and Use Information
(a) Information That You Provide Directly: In order to access the content on Kanopy you must create an account and submit your name and email address.  When you are authenticating through your institution, you may need to provide your institution or library name, library card number and/or pin, student identification number, and other similar information.
(b) Information Collected or Received from Third Parties: If you use a third-party service (e.g. to log into Kanopy via SSO) in connection with your usage of the Service, we may receive information about you from those third parties.
(c) Analytics Information: We collect, measure and analyze traffic and usage trends for the Service, and use third-party analytics tools (“Analytics Tools”) to understand how to improve the Service. We use cookies and persistent device identifiers to collect and store information such as time of visit, pages visited, time spent on each page, IP address, browser type, and type of operating system used. We use Analytics Tools, such as Google Analytics to understand how users interact with the Service and improve it. You can visit the page at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
to understand how Google collects and processes data. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Service may not function properly if cookies are disabled.
(d) Location Data: We use your current geographic location and/or language so that we may provide localized content and services. When you access or use the Service, we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store “location data,” which may include GPS coordinates or similar information regarding the location of your device. Some features of the site, particularly location-based services, may not function properly if use or availability of location data is impaired or disabled.
(e) Commercial Communications: We may use the information we collect or receive to communicate directly with you for service-related notices (e.g., account verification, technical and security notices), promotions and special offers regarding the Service. You can stop receiving promotional emails from us by following the unsubscribe instructions in those emails.
(f) Use of Certain Service-Type Information: We will use information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data and clear GIFs to: (i) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (ii) provide custom notifications, personalized content or information; (iii) monitor the effectiveness of the Service; (iv) monitor aggregate metrics, such as total number of visitors, traffic and demographic patterns; (v) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (vi) conduct research or surveys.
(g) Customer Service Requests: If you contact Kanopy directly for assistance resolving an issue with the Services, it may be necessary for Kanopy to use support tools to resolve your issue. These tools may provide Kanopy support personnel visibility into your information while your support case is being resolved.
4. Business Operations
(a) Service Providers: Kanopy may disclose information to service providers solely for business purposes. These service providers support the internal operations of the Services, assist Kanopy in providing you access to the Services, and assist Kanopy in monitoring, analyzing, and optimizing the Services.
(b) Business Change: We may share or transfer your information to a third party in connection with a merger or change in ownership. In the event of a change of control, the successor entity will be subject to the privacy commitments made in this Policy.
(c) Necessary Disclosure: If we are compelled to disclose your Service activity pursuant to a court order or subpoena, or to a person or agency with the relevant administrative or legislative investigative power, we will seek to challenge and limit the scope and comply with the authorized agency or person only as required by law. We may disclose information about you to: investigate, prevent or take action regarding known or suspected illegal activities; fraud; violation of the Service Terms; or as otherwise required by law.
(d) Third Parties: Kanopy does not sell your PII. We may anonymize and/or aggregate information and share with third parties in order to analyze Service usage, improve the Service, or for other similar purposes. Such information is anonymous and cannot be used to identify you.
5. Your Choices About Your Information
You can limit your browser or mobile device from providing certain information by adjusting the settings in the browser, operating system or device. Please consult the documentation for the applicable browser, operating system or device for the controls available to you.
You may request that we delete, retrieve, or update your PII by emailing
privacy@kanopy.com
6. How Long We Keep Your Information
We will retain your information as long as necessary for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, and for a commercially reasonable time thereafter for backup, archival, fraud prevention or detection, audit purposes, or as otherwise required by law.
7. Children's Privacy
While individuals under the age of 18 may access or use the Service, they may do so only with the involvement, supervision, and approval of a parent or legal guardian. We do not knowingly collect PII from individuals under 13 years of age without parental consent. If you are under the age of 13 and parental consent is not obtained through the institution that has contracted for your service availability, you are prohibited from using the Service.
8. Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident and your relationship with us is primarily for personal, family or household purposes, you may request certain data regarding our disclosure, if any, of PII to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Kanopy does not sell your information. Kanopy does not share your information with third parties for money or other valuable consideration. Kanopy may disclose your information to service providers solely for business purposes. These service providers support the internal operations of the Services, assist Kanopy in providing you access to the Services, and assist Kanopy in monitoring, analyzing, and optimizing the Services.
You may email
privacy@kanopy.com
to ask to: see what PII we hold about you, modify or correct the PII we hold about you, delete your PII, receive/port your PII into a usable electronic format. Users may freely exercise these rights without fear of being denied the Services.
9. International Users
The Service may be hosted or operated in countries other than the country in which you reside. Those countries may have different data protection laws and regulations from those that apply in your home country. Depending on the jurisdiction, by accessing or using the Service you consent to the transfer, storage, and processing of your information outside of your home country.
Kanopy has adopted Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) to safeguard international data transfers in certain jurisdictions, including transfers of PII from the EU to the US. Kanopy processes PII from the EU pursuant to specific legal bases, including but not limited to: performance of a contract, consent, and legitimate interests. EU users may see what PII we hold about you, modify or correct PII we hold about you, object to our use of your PII, erase your PII, and receive your PII in a usable electronic format. To make such a request, please send an email to
privacy@kanopy.com
with "Request for EU Privacy Information" in the subject line.
10. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy from time to time. Please check this page to review the most up-to-date version of this policy. By continuing to use the Service after an updated version has been posted, you agree that the new policy will apply to you.
Your privacy matters
We use cookies to help you navigate our website and to enable our core services. We’d like to use other cookies to improve performance and gather anonymous usage data so we can design better services.
Allow All
Customize
btn_close
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners:
