SIGN IN
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
A secure discussion forum created by GPs for GPs
SIGN UP TODAY
What is NB On Call?
NB On Call is a closed, private and supportive forum for professional discussion between GPs accessible via their web-site and App on iOS / Android. It is for registered GPs only, and is a safe space where GPs can ask questions and share clinical and non-clinical problems and issues with fellow GPs.
Developing the way we connect in primary care
Safe, instant messaging that enables us to seek guidance from our trusted peers in general practice. NB on call is free, easy to use, and converts time spent on the app into CPD certificates for your appraisal.
A protected social network for GPs
NB on call members must enter a valid GMC number when enrolling. All accounts are checked against the GMC register to protect user security and private discussion.
Keep the conversation going
Designed for informal, professional conversation, NB on call brings colleagues in general practice closer together, every day. Created to generate quick responses, NB on call allows you to converse with the GP community at the push of a button.
Stay connected, on the go
Offer support and share opinions from any device, at any time. We encourage a variety of diverse perspectives from across the UK, with no judgement.
1,500+ topics
7,000+ comments
CONTACT US
CONTACT@NBONCALL.COM
+44 191 6030985
Unit 1, Witney Way, Boldon Business Park, Boldon, Tyne & Wear, NE35 9PE
About us
Founded over 25 years ago, NB Medical Education continues to be the UK's leading private primary care educator. Since 1998, over 20,000 medical professionals per year trust our update courses to provide the best, most informative CPD.
The NB Medical Education live webinars allow us to connect with GPs from across the UK, answering questions surrounding course content. However, we often find ourselves wanting to develop certain question topics into a detailed discussion, encouraging the input of our GP colleagues.
Inspired by the diverse knowledge and wide-ranging expertise of the NB audience, our aim was to create a safe space for healthcare professionals to seek and offer advice, without judgement.
Motivated by our ethos of 'made by GPs for GPs', NB on Call offers a secure discussion forum for registered general practitioners. It's purpose is to share both clinical and non-clinical problems with trusted GP peers who may have already encountered similar situations.
Let's keep the conversation going
Founded over 25 years ago
We are trusted by over 20,000 medical professionals every year
SIGN UP TODAY FOR FREE
REGISTER
Enter your details on our
registration page
to setup your NB On Call account
VERIFY
Once you're registered, you will be asked to provide your GMC number to verify your access
CONTRIBUTE
That's it. Once your access have been approved, you're ready to connect with peers and join the conversation
SIGN UP TODAY
Are you an NB Medical customer?
Just enter your existing NB Medical account details to login.
Our Charter
NB On Call is designed for informal professional discussions between medical professionals who have been verified and registered on our system. Its purpose is to share both clinical and non-clinical problems with trusted peers who may have already encountered the problems you are highlighting.
There are boundaries to discussions with regard to what is and what is not allowed.
Always act in a professional and ethical manner
Do not post any confidential patient information or information or material which might be legally actionable, or disclose anonymised information from which a patient could still be identified. (See GMC guidance on protecting information)
Remember that
YOU
are ultimately responsible for what you post.
The following is NOT allowed
Advertising
If you would like an advertise on NB On Call, please
contact us
Flaming
Posts containing personal attacks on another user will be edited / deleted
Spamming
Topics / posts that are just complete nonsense will be deleted
Racism
Topics / posts containing such will be edited/deleted accordingly
Pornography
Topics / posts containing such will be deleted on sight
Text Speak and Shouting
For example, using all block capitals in your posts. This is best avoided. It will be edited or if incomprehensible will be deleted
Off Topic
Posts that stray off topic will be edited / deleted, depending on their relevance to the topic at hand
Relentless negativity
Whilst we all like a spirited debate, the main purpose of this forum is to support and encourage your peers
We will not tolerate harassment of any kind.
Harassment in this instance includes you being intimidating, threatening, abusive, hostile or otherwise offensive towards another person. The purpose of this forum is to support and encourage your peers
Policies
GP Forum Solutions Limited 10606472
Registered Office: 32 Portland Terrace, Newcastle Upon Tyne NE2 1QP
VAT No. 294 4055 88
Contact us: contact@nboncall.com
|
We use cookies
We may place these for analysis of our visitor data, to improve our website, show personalised content and to give you a great website experience. For more information about the cookies we use open the settings.
Ok, continue
Deny
No, adjust