Wibbi Privacy Notice
At Wibbi, we are aware of our privacy obligations and those of our clients. In this privacy statement, we have disclosed information about how we handle personal data.
Should you have any further questions or concerns regarding the protection of personal data, please contact us.
Overview
This privacy notice will explain how Wibbi processes the personal data we collect.
There are different situations in which Wibbi might obtain personal information:
A. you are a website visitor
B. you are a client/licensee of our Home Exercise Program (HEP) software
C. you are a user of our Home Exercise Program software
D. you contact our support staff by email or by phone
For each of these situations, this privacy notice answers the following questions:
What data do we hold?
How do we acquire your data?
How will we use your data?
How do we store your data?
What are your data protection rights?
How can you contact us?
How can you contact the appropriate privacy authorities?
A. Website visitor
This section explains Wibbi’s processing of your data if you interact with us via our website, other than logging in as an existing user.
On our website, you will find information regarding Wibbi and its products and services. We also enable our online visitors to interact with us, request information, file a complaint, register for a free trial of our software, or obtain access as a student.
Messages, requests, and complaints
If you send us a message, request, or complaint via the contact forms on our website, we ask you to provide some information to answer you promptly. We record the following personal data:
your first and last name
the company you represent
your email address
your phone number
your country
the message you send us (in a free text field)
We record this data in our cloud-based Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system to follow up and support you should additional communication be required. We retain this data for 3 years after completion of your initial communication.
Application for free trial or student access
If you apply for a free trial of our software or a student license, we ask you to provide information to be able to assess and handle your request. We record the following personal data:
your first and last name
the company you represent
whether you are a professional or a patient (in the case of a free trial)
your school name (in case of student access)
your email address
your phone number
your country
any personal data in the message you send us (free text) (in case of free trial)
We record this data in our cloud-based CRM system to be able to check whether you are eligible for a trial or student license of our software and to provide you with a personal account. If you become a client based on your trial experiences, we will retain your data for the duration of the license. If you decide not to acquire our Home Exercise Program, we will keep your data to be able to inform you of relevant developments regarding our Home Exercise Program, unless you instruct us otherwise.
B. Clients/licenses of our Home Exercise Program software
This section explains Wibbi’s processing of your data if you are an existing client of Wibbi and a licensee of our Home Exercise Program software. In that case, we might obtain personal data when you contact our customer service/support staff by email, phone, or by third-party tools that Wibbi uses for contacting and billing purposes.
The personal data we collect are:
your first and last name
the company you represent
your email address
your physical address
your phone number
your country
payment information (e.g. credit card, bank account details, PayPal account details)
any personal data in the message(s) you send us
If you decide to authorize additional users to access your Wibbi license, you can choose to add personal information about the new user or request a user to be added by providing personal information to Wibbi support staff. Controlled by a user interface this will be limited to the name, email address, phone number, and work location of the additional user.
We process these data to be able to live up to our agreement with you as a license holder and to define user accounts as requested by you. We retain this information for the duration of your license.
C. Wibbi Home Exercise Program End Users
This section explains Wibbi’s processing of your data if you – as a client or patient of one of our licensees – use our Home Exercise Program software.
As a starting point, we point out that we only process personal data on the instruction of our licensees, who are health/care institutions, health professionals, or any kind of practice. They determine the objective and means of the processing and are the primary collectors of your data. Wibbi develops, provides, and maintains the Home Exercise Program software and hosts the exercise data, including your data.
Please also refer to the privacy notices of the institution or practice that provided you with access to our software (our licensees).
What data do we hold?
If you use our Home Exercise Program via one of our licensees, Wibbi will hold the following personal data:
Personal identification information (Name, email address, phone number)
The name and email address of your health professional
The health/care institution where you are registered as a patient
Your exercise program
Progress data on your exercise program (that you as a user enter into the application)
Any additional personal data included in documents, pictures, or videos that you or your health professional chooses to upload into your account.
The Home Exercise Program software has the option to anonymize your personal information. Whether this option is activated is a choice to be made by our licensee. Please contact your health professional for more information.
How do we acquire your data?
The Home Exercise Program is designed for you and your health professional to agree on a tailored exercise program and to be able to monitor progress. By using our software you provide your health professional with information for treatment support. We acquire personal data when:
Your health professional creates a user account for you in our software and enters your data
Your health professional updates your account (e.g. email address, phone number) or you provide/enter progress information
Your health professional stores documents, pictures or videos with personal information in your account
You upload documents, pictures, or videos with personal information to your account
How will we use your data?
Wibbi processes your data so that we can:
Enable you to use our software and manage your account.
Enable you to register your progress information in your account.
Enable you and your health professional to establish a tailored exercise and treatment approach and monitor progress.
Deliver our services as agreed with our licensees.
Wibbi will not use your data for any other reason. We will not share your data with other third parties, except for:
a. subcontractors that we have contracted to provide usage of our software and storage of data:
AWS
Google Cloud
Calendly online booking system
HubSpot
With these service providers, Wibbi has data protection agreements in place.
b. local agents with whom we might share contact data of your organization to be able to contact you. With these agents, we have formal agreements in place.
If your health/care institution decides to use Wibbi integrated into their Electronic Medical Records system (EMR), it is possible that some personal data (e.g. a PDF of an exercise program with your name on it) is being stored in that system as part of your medical file. Please also refer to the Privacy Statement of your health/care institution’s EMR software.
How do we process and store your data?
If you are a licensee in the UK, patient data (see C) is stored at an AWS data center in the UK. Licensee PII (see B) is stored at an AWS data center in Canada.
If you are a licensee in the European Economic Area, patient data (see C) is stored at an AWS data center in Germany. Licensee PII (see B) is stored at an AWS data center in Canada.
If you are a licensee in Australia, patient data (see C) and licensee PII (see B) and data is stored at an AWS data center in Canada.
If you are a licensee in Canada, patient data (see C) and licensee PII (see B) and data is stored at an AWS data center in Canada.
If you are a client of a health/care institution in North America or any other country not specifically listed above, patient data (see C) is stored at an AWS data center in Ohio, USA. Licensee PII (see B) is stored at an AWS data center in Canada.
For reasons of support or troubleshooting, Wibbi staff in Canada can access your data in the Home Exercise Program. Wibbi staff in Europe is limited to accessing licenses with personal information from European clients only. All our staff are bound to confidentiality and non-disclosure.
Wibbi will keep your data for a period that is based on the instructions of our licensees. We will delete your data once our licensee has instructed us to do so.
D. Contacting our support staff by email or by phone
If you contact us by phone or email, you will be serviced by our support staff. Depending on the nature of your message or request, you will be asked to provide information that we need to optimally support you. This data may pertain (but is not limited) to:
your first and last name
the company you represent
your email address
your phone number
your country
details of your request/question
The information you are requested to provide only serves the purpose of providing you with the best support possible. We will record this information in our cloud-based CRM system, and we will retain the information for 1 year after completion of your request. If you are an existing customer, we will retain the information for the duration of the license agreement.
How is personal data secured?
Wibbi securely processes your data. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the information we hold.
Our staff has been trained in sound privacy principles, and we have taken technical and organizational security measures to safeguard the information of our clients. We take privacy matters seriously and maintain solid practices in data security and privacy protection. All employees have signed confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements.
We make sure your data is stored on servers of trusted partners located in Canada, the US, the UK, or in the EU. We are based in Canada and comply with federal and provincial privacy laws (notably the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), as well as to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK-GDPR which are applicable for our clients in the European Economic Area and the UK respectively.
What are your data protection rights?
Wibbi would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights.
In situations B and C as mentioned above, Wibbi is the processor of personal data. If you want to exercise any of the rights mentioned below, please contact the health/care institution, health professionals, or the health practice (our licensees) that provided you with access to our software.
As a controller of your data, they are the first point of contact and are responsible for responding to your request. When instructed to do so by the institution, Wibbi will assist in handling your request.
In situations A and C, Wibbi is the controller of your data, and as such responsible to adequately handling your request if you exercise your data subject’s rights. You can contact our support desk to assist you with this.
Every data subject (the person personal data belongs to) is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request the controller for copies of your data.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that the controller correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request the controller to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that the controller erase your data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that the controller restrict the processing of your data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to the controller’s processing of your data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that the controller transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
Cookies
We use cookies to make visiting our website attractive and to enable the use of certain functions.
What are cookies?
Cookies are tiny text files that are placed and stored on your device when you visit our website. Wibbi’s website uses the following types of cookies:
Function Cookies
Marketing Cookies
Measurement Cookies
Function cookies are required for the proper functioning of the website during your session. We use marketing cookies to be able to provide you with messages and service offerings. Measurement cookies are used to obtain statistics and quantitative information regarding the usage of our website and to subsequently improve user experience based on this data.
For all cookies except functional cookies, your prior consent is required. You can give or withhold your consent (‘opt-in’) in the cookie banner that pops up when you visit our site for the first time. After that initial choice, you can change your preferences at any time in our cookie consent management system. There, you will also find more detailed information on:
the cookies Wibbi uses and (if applicable) the third parties involved
which cookies require your consent and how to give or revoke your consent
what purpose do cookies serve
how long cookies are retained
You can also configure your browser settings according to your preferences and, for example, refuse to accept third-party cookies or all cookies. Please note that you may not be able to use all functions of this website if you choose to refuse certain cookies.
Social Media links, and links to other websites
Our website uses “buttons” to connect to social media channels (LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest). On clicking these buttons you will be redirected to the Wibbi presence on the social medium in question. These buttons, for which the code was developed by the social media companies themselves, can place third-party cookies. For more information about these cookies, please refer to the privacy policies of the specific social media channel.
For informational purposes, our website may contain links to third-party websites. We do not influence the way in which the owner of these sites handles your data, should you leave personal information there. We would like to refer you to the privacy policy of the organization in question for more information.
Changes
This privacy notice is subject to change. Please check our website regularly to obtain the latest version.
How to contact us
If you have any questions, suggestions, or complaints regarding the protection of your data, please contact our VP of Product: Sylvain St-Germain at dpo@wibbi.com
How to contact the appropriate authorities
You might also want to get in touch with local supervisory authorities if you have questions or complaints regarding the protection of your data, such as the Office of the Privacy Commissioner (Canada) or the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) in the UK.
** In privacy legal terms, Wibbi is a processor, our licensees are controllers.