Privacy Policy
PRAKSTO Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last modified on May 19, 2023.
PRAKSTO ("us", "we", or "our") operates www.praksto.com (the "Site") and PRAKSTO mobile applications. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site and mobile applications.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site or mobile applications. By using the Site or mobile applications, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site or mobile application, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name ("Personal Information").
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Log Data
When you access the Service or use a mobile application, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system and other statistics. Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site
Links To Other Sites
This Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. PRAKSTO has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
PRAKSTO may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@praksto.com
Search
Website Built with Kopage
← Get yours now
This website may use Cookies
This website may use Cookies in order to work better. At anytime you can disable or manage it in your browser's settings. Using our website, means you agree with Cookies usage.
OK, I understand
or
More Info
This website may use Cookies in order to work better. At anytime you can disable or manage it in your browser's settings. Using our website, means you agree with Cookies usage.
OK, I understand
Powered by Kopage