PRIVACY POLICY
Important Notice
Your privacy is important to Hikvision. This Privacy Policy explains how Hangzhou Hikvision Digital Technology Co., Ltd. with its all subsidiaries (“Hikvision” or “we”) collect, store, use, disclose, share and transfer your information.
PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU USE ALL THE WEBSITE, SOFTWARE, AND SERVICES PROVIDED BY HIKVISION (COLLECTIVELY, THE “HIKVISION SERVICES”). BY USING HIKVISION SERVICES INDICATES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND HIKVISION COLLECTING, STORING, USING, DISCLOSING, SHARING AND TRANSFERRING YOUR INFORMATION ACCORDING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. WE MAY MODIFY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT ANY TIME, PROVIDED CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY PROVE TO BE INCOMPLETE OR OUTDATED AND FURTHER PROVIDED THAT THESE CHANGES ARE REASONABLE FOR YOU, TAKING INTO ACCOUNT YOUR INTEREST. IF WE MAKE MATERIAL CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, WE WILL POST THE NEW VERSION ON THE WEBSITE WHICH WILL BECOME EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY.
What Information We Collect
When you interact with us and our Hikvision Services, including through a connected Hikvision product (“Product”), Hikvision will collect information about you according to this Privacy Policy, including “personal information” and “non-personal information.”
“Personal information” means information about you that specifically identifies you or, when combined with other information we have, can be used to identify you, such as name, date of birth, physical address, telephone number, email address, and videos containing personal visual identity information.
“Non-Personal information” means information that alone cannot directly identify you, such as your occupation, language, zip code, area code, product serial numbers, URL, log data that automatically records information about your visit, such as your browser type, domains, page views, the URL of the page that referred you, the URL of the page you next visit, your IP address, and page navigation, unique device ID collected from Products and your mobile devices, video content files that do not contain personal visual identity information, the country and time zone of the connected Product, geo-location, mobile phone carrier identification, and device software platform and firmware information.
How We Collect Your Information
Hikvision collects personal information about you through the Hikvision Services in several ways.
When you register with Hikvision Services and activate Products:
You voluntarily provide us with personal information when you create your account to use Hikvision Services or register a Product for online video access and viewing. In addition, when you install and activate Products, you will be asked to provide certain basic information via our Hikvision Services, such as your Product name, the Product’s verification code and serial number, which are unique to the Product connected to the Hikvision Services and associated with your account, if applicable.
When you saved video content on the Hikvision Services:
When you save content through Hikvision Services, like video clips, live video streams and images (“Your content”), we will collect personal information that will allow you to save Your Content.
When you contact us for support:
When you respond to our e-mails, contact our customer service, or use other customer support tools, we collect your information to provide you with support, verify your identity with your account profile information, and confirm your Product.
Hikvision also collects non-personal information through the Hikvision Services in several ways.
When you use the Hikvision Services to help us understand how you are using the service, improve Hikvision Services, and support:
We often collects industry-standard non-personal information when you access our Hikvision Services.  We collect this type of information to provide you with a more relevant experience, to prevent misuse, and to ensure that our Hikvision Services are working properly. We may also record adjustments you make to our Products through the Hikvision Services. We store this information along with data collected directly by your Product. If you have questions about the security and privacy settings of your mobile device, please refer to instructions from your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings.
We also use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, and other technologies to keep records, store your preferences, improve our advertising, and collect certain non-personal information, like log data and device data. In particular, we use cookies that allow us to connect your Hikvision Services activity with other information we store about you in your profile or as related to your interactions with Hikvision Services. This allows us to better understand how you use our Hikvision Services and Products, diagnose and troubleshoot any problems you having, and otherwise administer and improve our Hikvision Services and Products. The use of cookies also helps you to smoothly navigate our Hikvision Services.
Your Choices
We think that you benefit from a more personalized experience when we know more about you and your preferences. However, you can limit the information you provide to Hikvision as well as the communications you receive from Hikvision through your account preferences.
Cookies and Tracking
You may manage how your mobile device and browser handles Cookies by adjusting its privacy and security settings. Mobile devices and browsers are different, so refer to instructions related to your device and browser to learn about cookie-related and other privacy and security settings that may be available. While you may choose to block or not allow the use of Cookies, as already mentioned above, doing so may impair your use of Hikvision Services. Currently, we do not alter our data collection and use practices in response to Do Not Track signals.
Device Data
You may manage how your mobile device and mobile browser share certain device data with Hikvision by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your mobile device. Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings.
How We Uses Your Information
In order to provide a better user experience, we, or our vendors on our behalf, use information collected as described in this Privacy Policy to:
• Operate, maintain, improve, and develop our Hikvision Services and Products;
• Increase the safety of our Hikvision Services and Products – for example, for user authentication, security protection, fraud detection, filing, and backups;
• Perform auditing, analytics and conduct customer research;
• Send you e-mails, SMS(incuding commercial messages) and Push to promote HIkvision Services and Product, and send you important notice, such as reminders, technical notices, updates, alerts, support and administrative messages, service bulletins, and requested information. Because notice is important to your interaction with Hikvision, you may not opt out of receiving it.
Unless you choose to unsubscribe, Hikvision may contact you by sending electronic communications in order to inform you about new products and services. We also may use information collected as described in this Privacy Policy with your consent or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
How We Share Your Information
The following are the limited situations where we may share your personal information:
• We share your personal information with Hikvision affiliates, who are required to use that information in accordance with the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
• We use service providers, vendors, technicians and other third-parties to help us process, store, and protect some of your data and otherwise help us administer our Products and Hikvision Services effectively, provide a better user experience, process your purchases, and increase the quality of our Products and Hikvision Services. These third-parties are forbidden from using your personal information for non- Hikvision purposes and are required to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
• We may provide information to third-parties if we believe in good faith that we are required by mandatory law to do so. For example, to comply with legal orders and government requests; response to a subpoena, or similar legal process, including to law enforcement agencies, regulators, and courts in the relative countries where we operate; to protect the interests of our customers and users of the Hikvision Service; to respond to claims that any content posted or displayed using the Hikvision Service violates the rights of third parties; in an emergency protect the health and safety of users of the Hikvision Service or the general public; or to enforce compliance with our Terms of Service.
• If Hikvision and/or all or part of our assets are ever sold or transferred, your personal information may be among the items sold or transferred.
• We share information to protect our own legitimate business interests when we believe in good faith that we are required or permitted by law to do so. For example, we may share your personal information as needed to support auditing, compliance, and corporate governance functions; to combat fraud or criminal activity; to protect our rights or those of our affiliates and users; or as part of legal proceedings affecting Hikvision.
We may also disclose non-personal information publicly or with third-parties.  For example, we may share non-personal information:
• for the same reasons we might share Personal information;
• to better understand how our customers interact with our Hikvision Services and Products, in order to optimize your experience, improve our products, or provide better services;
• for our own research and data analytics;
• with our vendors for their own analysis and research; or
• to facilitate targeted content.
Securing Your Personal Information
Hikvision has implemented commercially reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security controls that are designed to safeguard personal information. We also conduct periodic reviews and assessments of the effectiveness of our security controls. Notwithstanding the above, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, Please understand that though Hikvision has endeavored to protect your personal information, but Hikvision cannot guarantee that your personal information is under absolute security with the existing security technology. If your personal information is leaked or stolen because of force majeure or safety controls which cannot be attributed to Hikvision, You agree that Hikvision do not need to take responsibility of your loss. If you have any questions about the security of our Hikvision Services, you can contact us via telephone or e-mail at the relevant Hikvision Support information for your country.
Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information
Keeping your personal information current helps ensure that we provide you with the most relevant offers. You can access and update your personal information via your account profile. While we are ready to assist you in managing your subscriptions, deactivating your account, and removing your active profile and data, we cannot always delete records of past interactions and transactions. In addition, because of the way we maintain certain services, after you delete certain information, we may temporarily retain backup copies of such information before it is permanently deleted.
We will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and to maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting purposes. We will also retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Children’s Privacy
Hikvision does not intend that any portion of its Hikvision Services will be accessed or used by children under the age of 18, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, and such use is prohibited. If we obtain actual knowledge that an account is associated with a registered user who is under the age of 18 years old, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, we will promptly delete information associated with that account. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 18, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction and believe he or she has disclosed personal information to us, please contact us by phone or email at the relevant Hikvision Support information for your country.  A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 18, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction may review and request deletion of such child’s personal information as well as prohibit the use there of.
Global Operations
You agree to our information practices, including the collection, storage, use, processing and sharing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy, as well as the transfer and processing of your information to the countries globally where we have or use facilities, service providers, or partners, regardless of where you use our Services. You acknowledge that the laws, regulations, and standards of the country in which your information is stored or processed may be different from those of your own country. In the European Economic Area (EEA), we will store and keep your personal information inside the EEA in encrypted form including when we utilize third party storage. We will not transfer it outside EEA.
Contact Us
Please contact us if you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy. You can reach us via telephone or e-mail at the relevant Hikvision Support information for your country. Please provide: (i) your name (or nickname) and preferred method of contact; and (ii) the details of your request or comment along with any corresponding website links.