Help
Help
Register for access to the Members Area
As a member of our Credit Union you can view your account details online. But first you will need to obtain your PIN. You can contact the Credit Union directly or you can apply online for your PIN.
Can't Login
Can't Login?
If you already have a PIN and you are having trouble accessing the Members Area, view a list of potential problems and solutions below.
Timeout message when logging in
The Members Area uses a temporary file called a
Session Cookie
to check whether you are logged in. The file is temporarily cached on your computer the moment you login successfully, and is deleted immediately you click the logout button. However, if cookies have been disabled in your browser's settings, you will not be able to login, and you may receive the following message:
Your session has Timed Out due to a period of inactivity
We do not use cookies to collect or store your personal information. Session cookies are used solely to restrict and control access to the Members Area, and these cookies are deleted once you have logged out. Always click the logout button when you have finished.
How to enable cookies
Google Chrome
How to enable cookies in Google Chrome
Firefox
How to enable cookies in Firefox
Internet Explorer
How to enable cookies in Microsoft Internet Explorer
Safari
How to enable cookies in Safari
Can't view the login or any other secure page
The login page and the Members Area pages are digitally encrypted by a secure certificate to protect the integrity of information passing between your computer and our web server. These pages can be recognized by their address which usually begins with http
s
://, where the s indicates a secure page.
Unfortunately, older browsers do not recognize the newer digital certificates, and so must be upgraded if logging into your account is required. The advantages of these certificates are clear: no one but you can view your account details.
Sometimes even the latest browsers and operating systems contain bugs or security loopholes which prevent logging in, and it becomes necessary to download a fix or an update for your particular browser or computer.
If possible, you should be using the latest version of your browser. (Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari, etc.) You should also make sure you have downloaded the latest patches, fixes and updates for your browser, particularly if you are accessing the Internet from a computer running Microsoft Windows.
These patches, fixes and upgrades usually resolve login problems, but they have the added benefit of improving the security of your computer, protecting against malicious downloads and viruses.
If you already have an up to date browser, you may also need to run a Windows Update if your computer is running Microsoft Windows. It is a good idea to run this update regularly because it will improve your computer's security. The Windows update can be run from the Windows Start Menu »
Windows Update
If you have never run this update before, it will take some time to complete the necessary steps. Thereafter, if you run the update regularly, it should be much faster.
The Members Area is being updated when I login
Your account balances and transactions are updated in the website regularly so that when you login you have a recent and up-to-date reflection of your finances. This usually happens either before the working day begins or at the end of the working day, but it does mean that the Member's Area is momentarily offline. Return to login a few minutes later and you should be able to view the latest information for your account once more.
If you continue to experience difficulties, it is likely that there is some other error and you should contact the Credit Union.
It says my PIN or Date of Birth are wrong
If you have recently registered for your PIN, it may take up to 48 hours to reflect in the website, and you should try again the following day or contact the Credit Union.
Make sure you enter your details exactly as requested. Here are some guidelines:
Member Number
- type your complete member number into the textbox provided, making sure you have no spaces between characters, and you have not omitted anything.
PIN
- ensure there are no spaces between characters, and make sure you enter a number only (no alphabetical characters).
Date of Birth
- type your date of birth exactly as requested using the formula
dd/mm/yyyy
. Don't forget to add the forward slash
/
between the day, month and year.
If you still cannot access the Members Area, there may be some other problem, and you should contact the Credit Union.
Cookies and your Security
The Members Area uses a temporary file called a
Session Cookie
to check whether you are logged in. The file is temporarily cached on your computer the moment you login successfully, and is deleted immediately you click the logout button.
We do not use cookies to collect or store your personal information. Session cookies are used solely to restrict and control access to the Members Area, and these cookies are deleted once you have logged out. Always click the logout button when you have finished.
How to enable cookies
Google Chrome
How to enable cookies in Google Chrome
Firefox
How to enable cookies in Firefox
Internet Explorer
How to enable cookies in Microsoft Internet Explorer
Safari
How to enable cookies in Safari
Delete Remembered Passwords
If you are worried about the security of your computer, deleting your passwords can help secure your online presence. No matter the reason or browser, deleting your saved passwords only takes a few clicks.
How to Delete Remembered Passwords
For instructions of how to delete saved passwords in your browser, please see the following link:
How to Delete Remembered Passwords
Lost your pin
If you have lost your pin please click here to reset
The login form fields are filled out with another person's information
Forms Autocomplete
- This is a feature of the latest browsers which makes it easier to fill out online forms by remembering what was previously typed into the form's text boxes, and automatically inserting this information where appropriate. The kind of information remembered includes previous text entries, usernames and passwords, and web addresses when typed into the browser's address bar. In the case of public or shared computers this feature may reveal personal and confidential information and should ideally be disabled.
The login form fields are already filled out with my information on a shared computer
Forms Autocomplete
- This is a feature of the latest browsers which makes it easier to fill out online forms by remembering what was previously typed into the form's text boxes, and automatically inserting this information where appropriate. The kind of information remembered includes previous text entries, usernames and passwords, and web addresses when typed into the browser's address bar. In the case of public or shared computers this feature may reveal personal and confidential information and should ideally be disabled.
I am concerned about the privacy of my information
Your privacy and personal information is protected in several different ways on our website:
A PIN is issued only to bona fide members of the Credit Union, and your PIN application details are checked against the Credit Union system.
Your online account is protected by a 3-tier login, which is usually your Member Number, your PIN and your Date of Birth.
You should not reveal your PIN.
When you log into the members area, your login details are encrypted while passing from your computer to our web server, limiting the chances of revealing your information should it be intercepted en route. The 128-bit SSL encryption uses an industrial-strength PGP algorithm which has been found to be nearly impossible to break. The integrity of the encryption is verified by your browser which can recognize the digital certificate installed for our website, and inform you if the certificate (and therefore the encryption) is valid or expired. Next time you are in the Members Area, click on the small padlock at the bottom of your browser to view the digital certificate's details.
Not only are your login details encrypted, but so too are your account balances and transactions. In fact all information passing between your computer and the server is digitally encrypted while you are logged into the Members Area.
The Members Area will automatically close your session after 5 minutes of being idle, which helps prevent revealing your personal information should you be away from your computer for an extended period.
You should logout of the Members Area when you are finished.
Our server has a dedicated team of administrators, constantly maintaining and upgrading the websites' security and performance.
Web pages look different on my screen compared to another screen
While our websites are optimized to display adequately in most scenarios, there are a multitude of factors which may affect the way a page is displayed. The factors which influence how a website looks on your monitor are:
Browser Type (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari, etc.)
Browser Version - New browsers support more features, and suspend archaic features. Older browsers set aside more room for navigation buttons.
Operating System (Windows, Apple, Unix, Java, Mobile Device Operating Systems, etc.)
Monitor Size and Resolution - Monitors can be set to different display resolutions which mean a greater or lesser part of the webpage is displayed in the same area.
Monitor Colours - Colours appear differently on Windows, Apple, LCD and Mobile Device screens for example, and the number of colours a monitor can display varies greatly, from 256 up to 16 million colors. Monitors can also be set brighter or darker according to your preferences.
I think I am viewing outdated pages
Your browser has the ability to temporarily save pages you've visited so that the next time you visit them they will download much more quickly. Sometimes, after the website has been updated, you are still viewing an older page that was cached by your browser the last time you visited. You need to clear your browser's history and empty the cache to be able to view the latest version of a page.
Step 1 -
Clear History
Step 2 -
Empty Cache
Security Overview
The Members Area utilises several layers of technology to ensure the confidentiality and integrity of its transactions across the Internet. SSL Protocol (Secure Sockets Layer) ensures that data cannot be read by other computers as it travels between your browser and our server. Digital Certificates allow you to verify that your browser is communicating with our server and not another server posing as our server. Member Numbers, PINs (Personal Identification Numbers), your date of birth and other personal details are also used to verify your identity. In order to provide a banking service on the Internet, it is necessary for information to securely pass between your computer and our server.
Security Definitions
Your Browser
- As secure encryption advances, browsers need to be updated to avail of the most up-to-date improvements in secure communications. We recommend that you use an up to date browser. At the very least we recommend that you use Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox, Opera or Safari
Cookies
- A cookie is a piece of information that our server gives to your browser once your browser has established a secure session. The cookie basically tells our system that a secure session has already been established with your computer. Without the cookie data, you would have to login every time your browser requested any information from our server. When you click the Logout button to leave the Members Area, the cookie data is deleted from the system thus breaking the link between your PC and our server. Clicking on the Logout button ensures that you securely terminate the service.
Caching
- Caching is temporarily storing of information either in your computer's memory or its hard drive. When you view a page on the Internet, your browser may keep a copy of that information locally. This can be very useful for quickly retrieving pages that you have visited previously. However it may cause problems when the website has been changed, in which case you could be viewing out-of-date or even incorrect information. Your cache can be cleared.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://finglascu.ie/privacy-notice/:
Cookie Notice