Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy
Yoyo SA Services (Pty) Limited and its group of companies (Yoyo) respect your personal privacy. This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website or one of our applications.
This policy will detail:
What data do we collect?
How do we collect your data?
How will we use your data?
How do we store your data?
What are your data protection rights?
What are cookies
How do we use cookies
What types of cookies do we use?
How to manage your cookies
Privacy policies of other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
How to contact the appropriate authorities
What data do we collect?
We believe in the principal of minimal data, whereby we will only collect, store or process the minimum amount of data that would be required to fulfil the required services. The data we collect depends on the services which are being provided and we may at times collect the following data:
Your name
Email address
Mobile Phone number
Address
Gender
Identification Number
Passport Number
Bank Card Number
Account Number
Mobile Geo-Location data
Mobile device identifier
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide us with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Register online or within any of our Mobile applications for any of our products or services
Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our messaging platforms, mobile or web applications.
Use our website via your browser’s cookies
Perform transactions within our Mobile Applications or partner retailer Point of Sale or Transactions Processing systems.
We may also receive your data indirectly from the following sources:
Partners such as Value Store Providers who utilize our services for transaction processing.
How will we use your data?
We collect your data so that we can:
Identify you as a subscriber for the earning of digital rewards and loyalty points when using our platform.
Process transactions such as card or digital payments with our partner service providers
Sending of email, SMS or Push notifications related to the retailer applications or campaigns which you have registered for.
Notify you about special offers and promotions
We do not share your data with any partners outside of those directly responsible for providing the services to which you have subscribed for when registering on our mobile applications, web applications or campaigns. These are:
Our Payment Providers
SMS Gateway Providers
USSD Gateways
Push Notification Service Provider
Cloud Infrastructure Provider
Infrastructure Provider
How do we store your data?
We securely stores your data in our cloud data centres located in :
Dublin, Ireland
Data is encrypted at all times, be it during transfer from one service to another, or when stored in our databases or in backups.
We will keep your Personal Data only for as long as is required for a given purpose. Either upon request, or once your Personal Data is no longer required, it will be securely deleted or anonymised in-line with our Data Retention and Disposal policy.
What are your data protection rights?
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all your data protection rights. As an individual user of our services, you are entitled to the following:
The right to access
– you have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification
– you have the right to request a correction of any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request to complete information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure
– you have the right to request the erasure of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing
– you have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing
– you have the right to object to processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability
– you have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one calendar month to respond to you. In dealing with requests for data, if the work involved is particularly complex or if there are multiple requests then we may extend this period by up to two additional months. Where this extension of time is required, you will be informed, and reasons explained for the additional delay.
Data will be provided in electronic format where appropriate and in a concise, transparent and easily to understand format. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, or for any additional information or concerns about how your personal data is used or processed please write to us at:
Email –
Data Protection Officer at dpo@yoyogroup.com
Postal Address –
Yoyo SA Data Protection Officer, Unit 207, Block 2 Northgate Park, Section Street, Brooklyn, Cape Town, Western Cape, South Africa 7405
Or, give us a call at:
Telephone –
+27 21 448 9974
What are cookies?
Cookies are data files that are placed on a web user’s hard drive to allow us to recognize your browser and provide you access to information that your previously confirmed you are able to access.
For further information, visit
https://allaboutcookies.org/
How do we use cookies?
We may use cookies to provide you with better service. Cookies can make the Web more useful by storing information about your preferences for a particular site. Cookies alone do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer.
What type of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, our website uses the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
How to manage cookies?
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of the functionality of our website if you do so.
Privacy policies of other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies to only our website, if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and place any updates directly on our website. This privacy policy was last updated on 5 September 2024
Should you wish to discuss any matter pertaining to our Privacy Policy or Data Retention Policy please feel free to send an email to
dpo@yoyogroup.com
.
If you wish to contact the ICO to discuss matters further, you can do so on this
page
.