Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
ANUSHA
Privacy Policy
Anusha team has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how Anusha collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Anusha 's Services.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. Anusha reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If Anusha makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, Anusha may post a notice on Anusha ’s website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Non-personal data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data Anusha may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties, including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your checkin (include like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all Anusha users.
Anusha may use and disclose to Anusha 's partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other Anusha services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by Anusha may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Personal information collected by Anusha is information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your account
information. The information includes your facebook id, name, gender, location and your friends’id on facebook. Anusha also stores your game checkins, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages.
Anusha may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other Anusha services and products. Anusha may combine non-personal data with personal data.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, Anusha may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Anusha This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. Anusha may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by Anusha and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
Anusha collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, Anusha may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Anusha may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on Anusha ’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by Anusha . These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. Anusha may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers. Anusha has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for Anusha . Anusha is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.
Anusha may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or Anusha to legal liability. Anusha may also disclose your personal data to third parties when Anusha has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with Anusha ’s rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or Anusha believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect Anusha ’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Anusha . To the extent permitted by applicable law, Anusha will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through Anusha 's website or in another reasonable manner.
Safeguards
Anusha follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in Anusha ’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in Anusha ’s possession. Personal data collected by Anusha is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data, Anusha maintains personal data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite Anusha ’s reasonable efforts, there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume this risk.
Other
Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services Anusha may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. Anusha is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.
If you are under 15 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. Anusha takes children’s privacy seriously, and encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times. Anusha does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below the aforementioned age and if Anusha learns that Anusha has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under the aforementioned age, Anusha will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data from Anusha records.
Anusha may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. Anusha may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of Anusha ’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.
Anusha regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If Anusha receives a formal written complaint from you, it is Anusha ’s policy to attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns. Anusha will cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved between you and Anusha .
3rd party services
We use 3rd party services in our apps. These services collect usage data in compliance with their Privacy Policies. The services are described below.
Advertising
3rd party ad serving systems allow user data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on Anusha apps, possibly based on user interests.
Admob
We use Admob by Google as the main ad server. Please see Admob Privacy Policy – https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA, we do not collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms Of Use
1. This Terms of Service Agreement informs you of the terms, conditions, disclaimers, notices and policies that apply to your access and use of the website of Anusha, located at the URL sites.google.com/view/anushast/ and any and all games and related products, including virtual goods, provided by Anusha. Collectively, the Site and the Games are referred to as the “Services” in this Agreement. Many of these Games may be playable by one or more persons simultaneously, and the conduct of all such Users while playing the Games or using the Site is governed by this Agreement.
This Agreement is a binding contract between you and Anusha that provides for important rights and obligations. By accessing, browsing, and/or using the Services and/or playing, downloading or browsing our Games you represent to Anusha that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this Agreement and all applicable local, state, national and international laws and conventions, including without limitation all intellectual property laws. Anusha reserves the right, at its sole and absolute discretion, to deny any User access to the Services, without notice. If you violate any of the Terms, we may, at our option, give you a warning notice of violation or terminate your account immediately for violation of the Terms.
2. Anusha’s Right To Modify Agreement:
Anusha may modify this Agreement at any time, with or without notice to you, by posting the modified Agreement on the Site. Your continued use of the Services after such modification shall be deemed to be your acceptance of any such modification. Any such modification will only apply to matters and events which occur following the date of modification. You may not modify this Agreement without the prior written authorization of an officer of Anusha. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement regularly to determine whether the Agreement has been modified.
Contact Us
Developer Email: anushatalpankr@gmail.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it