Home
About
Contact
Home
About
Contact
privacy_en
PRIVACY POLICY
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at [contact@creemo.jp].
At Creemo Inc.(HARASHOW Interactive), the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Creemo Inc.(HARASHOW Interactive) and how it is used.
E-mail adress
If you send your question to us,
we get your E-mail adress.
We do not use your E-mail adress outside a return mail.
Log Files
Like many other application, Creemo Inc.(HARASHOW Interactive) makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on Creemo Inc.(HARASHOW Interactive) send directly to your device. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Creemo Inc.(HARASHOW Interactive) has no access to or control over these information that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Creemo Inc.(HARASHOW Interactive)’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or application.
If you wish to disable information, you may do so through your individual device options. More detailed information about information management with specific devices can be found at the device’s respective websites.
Last update : October 21, 2015
Category
Apps
Game
Kids
Tool
Goods
ステッカー
Projects
のりものずかん
あんざんマン（3D版）
釣りにゃんこ物語
かなもじ
ぬりえいご
すうじ
のりものタイピング
のりもの算数
文字のお手本
パズルで覚える 日本地図 – Japan Map Puzzle
Pocket Metronom – メトロノーム
30秒ドローイング – SPEEDRAW
休みタイマー
鍛えタイマー
かなもじ mini
アルファベット mini
すうじ mini
あんざんマン
OBKちゃんのお化け屋敷
釣りにゃんこ
はたあげ
動く！筋トレする白い虎
寿司 – SUSHI
動く！顔の広いウサギ
オバケと人間
くろ太とましろ
© 2025
Creemo Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate