Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application for mobile devices that was created by ARGEWORLD. In this policy, “ARGEWORLD” referred as “We” or “Us”.
ARGEWORLD and Application Access to Your Information
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us.
When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) credit card information for purchase and use of the Application, and; (e) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information and project management information.
We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Additionally, the Application may access the public data you choose to share through associated social networking services (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Google+).
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Customer Support
When you ask for support, we will collect and store the contact information you provide and information about your game play or activity. We will also store the correspondence and any information contained within.
Push Notifications & Local Notifications
With your consent we may send push notifications to your device to provide game updates and other relevant messages. You may disable these messages at any time by turning off the notifications from the “options” or “settings” page within the Application.
Payment Information
All billing and financial information is processed by third-parties (e.g., Apple, Google). ARGEWORLD does not process, store or share any billing information.
In-app Purchases
Although the download of the Application may be offered for free, some additional content can be purchased for real money in-game. If you do not want to use this feature, turn off in-app purchases in your device’s settings. To learn how to disable in-app purchases, refer to the device manufacturer.
Additional content is offered “as is” and by making in-game purchases you, or anyone using your device and/or credentials, are responsible for any financial transactions and you agree that ARGEWORLD will not be held responsible for any loss, material or otherwise. We reserve the right to deny refunding requests for in-app purchases in cases of negligence to the terms stated here in this agreement.
Third Party Access to Your Information
We will share your information (in some cases personal information) with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement;
if ARGEWORLD is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information;
to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section below.
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application free or low. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device and your mobile telephone number. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non-precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere. We may also share the information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.
If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled “Opt-out” below.
Opt-Out
There are multiple opt-out options for users of this Application:
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application:
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Opt-out from the use of information to serve targeted advertising by advertisers and/or third party network advertisers:
you may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by disabling the Application’s access to the location services on your mobile device. Please refer to the device manufacturer for details on how to perform this procedure.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at
support@argeworld.com
and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
support@argeworld.com
. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Privacy Policies of Linked Sites and Advertisers
Our websites and games may contain advertisements from companies other than ARGEWORLD that may link to their own websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be made in this document. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
support@argeworld.com
.