LA Tourism
Privacy Policy
by
Discover Los Angeles
Jul 13, 2023
Photo:  Yuri Hasegawa
Share
Been There
Login
Register
My Next Trip
Login
Register
The following privacy policy outlines the types of information the Los Angeles Tourism & Convention Board (“LATCB,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) gathers when you visit our websites (including, but not limited to,
www.discoverlosangeles.com
,
www.dineLA.com
.
www.latourism.org
, and
www.latmd.org
), use our apps (including, but not limited to, the Discover Los Angeles app, meetL.A. app and L.A. Insider app, all of which are available on the Google Play Store and the Apple App Store), use our hashtags on social media (such as #discoverLA and #dineLA), and/or utilize our interactive digital kiosks (collectively, our “Digital Properties”), as well as information you provide to us in person or through the mail, and steps we take to safeguard it. LATCB is located at 633 West 5th Street, Suite 1800, Los Angeles, CA 90071, and is responsible for the content of the Digital Properties as well as the collection and management of user information.
This Policy was last updated on July 13, 2023.
Information Collection, Use, Access, and Retention.
Collection
We collect information in several ways through our Digital Properties. When you use our Digital Properties, we collect personal information about you as described in this Policy. For instance, when you create an account, we will ask you for your first name, last name, email address, company affiliation, and password. If you create an account using a social media account, such as Facebook Connect, we have access to any information you have made public on your Facebook profile, and may collect and store that information. For details regarding what information may be provided by Facebook Connect, please follow this link:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/facebook-login/permissions/overview
.
Similarly, if you have made public posts from your other social media accounts that include our specialized hashtags (including, but not limited to, #discoverLA and #dineLA), we may collect and use that information to help provide you with more relevant, personalized content about Los Angeles. You can control whether we see this information by not using our specialized hashtags. We may also collect information from you in-person or through the mail if you provide us with a business card or other document that includes your name, email address, phone number, and/or other personal information.
We also collect information within our apps via screen recording technology of non-private data only for support, debugging and maintenance purposes to enhance the user experience. The collected information is not personally identifiable to any individual person.
Cookies
To help us serve you better, we collect information that identifies the computer or browser used to access our Digital Properties, as well as the user account associated with that computer/browser if you are logged in, through the use of Cookies, which are pieces of information placed in the settings of your web browser by a website server to identify your computer when you return to a website. Whenever a site welcomes you and tailors data to your specifications, it is reading a cookie left in your browser and identifying information that you may have registered during previous visits, such as your viewing preferences.
The use of cookies is a standard practice among Internet websites and most Internet web browsers may be customized to reject cookies, to only accept or reject cookies by user intervention, or to delete cookies. Please note that some website features may not function properly if all cookies are blocked.
Certain cookies placed by our Digital Properties do not collect any personal information and are essential to provision of a functional website and/or app, which we have a legitimate interest in providing (these are known as “Necessary Cookies” and include cookies that drive your navigation on one of our Digital Properties).
You are not, however, required to accept other types of cookies that collect personal information to use our Digital Properties. When you access our home page, you will see an option to update your cookie preferences at the bottom of the page titled “Privacy Settings.” We encourage you to personalize your experience by clicking on that option. This includes a choice as to whether you accept placement of cookies that collect personal information. You may withdraw this consent at any time by altering these settings. Every twelve (12) months we will ask you to confirm that you continue to provide consent for LATCB’s Digital Properties to place cookies that collect personal information. If you are not logged in to an account, then you will be given the choice of whether to accept cookies that collect personal information each time you access one of our Digital Properties.
Click here
for a list of the cookies (organized by category) that our Digital Properties currently use.
When you interact with our Digital Properties, we also collect limited non-personally identifying information that the browser you used makes available automatically. This information includes the internet address of the computer or network you used to access our site, the date, time, location, and page(s) you visited on our site, the browser and operating system you used, and the referring page (the webpage that contained the link to our site that you clicked on to get there). Once you leave our Digital Properties, you have the right to request that we delete selected cookies or to ask that we delete all cookies by altering your cookie preferences as noted above.
Use
We have a legitimate business interest in ensuring that our Digital Properties operate correctly and efficiently. To that end, we use the aggregated nonpersonal data and information from all users of our Digital Properties to measure server performance, analyze user traffic patterns, and improve the content of our Digital Properties. We sometimes track the keywords that are entered into our search engines to measure interest in specific topics and to improve the consumer experience on the site.
We have a legitimate business interest in communicating with you about your “MY LA” account and will use your personal information to send you important non-commercial emails, such as administrative notices related to our Digital Properties. Please note that unless you delete your “MY LA” account completely, as outlined below, we will continue to send you such messages. If we detect that your “MY LA” account has been dormant for a period of 24 months, we will send you an e-mail reminder to confirm you would still like to receive communications pertaining to your account. If we do not hear from you by the requested response time outlined in the e-mail, we will close down your account.
With your consent, we will use your e-mail address and/or other personal information to provide you with information we think you will be interested in, for example, to send you our newsletters, notify you of new publications, to update or introduce you to events in and around the Los Angeles area or other areas we think you might enjoy, and to inform you about updates to our website. Even after you have agreed to receive such messages, you can let us know at any time if you would prefer not to receive any or all of this information either directly or through our Digital Properties, by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us, or by sending an e-mail to
mydata@latourism.org
that contains the email address you wish us to unsubscribe from our lists. As noted above, even if you opt out of receiving marketing messages, we will still send you important non-commercial messages so long as you maintain your “MY LA” account.
We also have a legitimate business interest in complying with our legal obligations. To that end, we may release personal information if we believe in good faith that: the law or legal process requires it; we have received a valid administrative request from a law enforcement agency; or such release is necessary to protect our rights, property, or safety, or that of our respective affiliates, business partners, customers, or others.
In the event the LATCB conducts an online promotion, contest, or sweepstakes (collectively, a “Promotion”), information we collect will be used consistent with the terms and conditions outlined in the promotion guidelines or rules, which may include a reference to this Policy. You can elect to provide permission for LATCB to use the email address and/or telephone number you provide when entering a Promotion for sending you marketing messages. For instance, if we request your email address or your social media handle because it is used to notify you if you’ve won and/or to send your prize, and you do not want to provide it, you will not be able to participate in the promotion. Information you provide us will be used to administer the promotion. If you have not opted in to receive further communications about upcoming promotions, your identifying data will be retained only for as long as it is necessary to administer the promotion and legally comply with our obligations.
If you would like to revoke your consent to receiving commercial messages you have previously opted in to receive as the result of a promotion, you can use the unsubscribe link in any marketing message, or reply “STOP” to any marketing text message you receive. You may also send an e-mail to
mydata@latourism.org
that contains the email address or phone number you wish to revoke consent for marketing messages.
LATCB uses third parties to process your personal data when it serves a legitimate business purpose. Our contracts with these third-party processors require them to comply with the terms and the intent of this privacy policy, and to make all commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard your information.
Access/Update
You may access and update the personal information you have provided to us by emailing such request to
mydata@latourism.org
.  Please note that requests to update your personal information may take up to five (5) days.
Retention
As described above, some of the online services available through our Digital Properties allow you to register for an account or provide personal information. You will be asked for applicable information to create an account, including name, email address, and a preferred password for your account. All personal information we collect is stored and processed in the United States.
We will retain your personal information while you have an active relationship with LATCB, including if you have subscribed to a newsletter, or opted in to receive commercial content from us, have visited the site while logged in, have ordered a product, participated in a promotion, or have affirmatively made requests of us that we, or our data processors, are fulfilling. We will maintain your information and for twenty-four (24) months after that relationship ends (unless you request that we delete your information prior to the expiration of that period). If LATCB determines that it no longer requires your information for the purposes set forth above, it will delete your information.
Deletion
If you would like us to delete all your personal information, contact our Data Privacy Team at
mydata@latourism.org
and request that your information be deleted. Please note that because names may be similar, you must include in your request all associated email addresses and phone numbers (if any) that you wish to be removed in the body of the email. We reserve the right to contact you to request more information in order to assist us in deleting your information, such as verifying your identity. Once we are able to verify your identity, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete your information from our active files within thirty (30) days, provided, however, that we may retain—for legal compliance purposes only—your request and associated email.
Notwithstanding the above, LATCB will retain your information indefinitely if it believes in good faith that it has a legal obligation to do so.
Do-Not-Track Signal
A Do-Not-Track Signal (DNT) is used by some web browsers to automatically request that a web application disable site tracking. Because a DNT may not reflect the actual preferences of an individual consumer, our website does not respond to a DNT. Instead, and in order to allow you to personalize your experience with our Digital Properties, you may elect not to receive marketing messages and/or have certain cookies placed on their browser, as discussed earlier in this Policy.
Children’s Access
Our website is a general audience website, intended for adult use only. The LATCB does not market to and does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from, children under sixteen (16) years of age.  If we become aware that someone under the age of 16 has provided personal information us, we will immediately delete such information from our files.
Foreign Access
Our Digital Properties are located and hosted in the United States.  If you access any of our Digital Properties in a jurisdiction other than the United States, you must be of an appropriate age to consent to the processing of your data under the laws of your country. If you’re under age sixteen (16), please do not register for any of our Digital Properties or provide us with any personally identifying information (such as your name, email address or phone number). Please contact our customer service department if you are aware of any personal information supplied to the Site by a child under the age of sixteen (16) so that in can be removed.
Links
Our Digital Properties may contain links to other sites, including those of our business partners. Those sites may have their own privacy policies, or no privacy policies at all. The LATCB is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by other sites and those other sites have not agreed to our privacy policy. The LATCB has no control over or responsibility for any unaffiliated third-party sites or the content contained in them, and we provide these links solely for the convenience of our visitors. We do not sponsor, endorse, or otherwise recommend such sites or any products or services they may offer. In short, once you leave our Digital Properties, we are no longer responsible for the collection practices of the companies operating those sites.
Site Security
We take reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect unauthorized access, alteration or destruction of data located on and collected by our Digital Properties. We exercise reasonable care to protect your non-public personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your non-public personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us while it is in transit. Once we receive your personal information, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect it.
Dispute Resolution
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Policy Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove any portion of this Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at any time. Modification of changes in the Agreement will be announced via our Digital Properties, including posting on our website at
www.discoverlosangeles.com/privacy-policy
. By using this website, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit the page to determine the then current terms of use to which you are bound.
LA Tourism
Social Media Rules
Share
Words by
Discover Los Angeles