Privacy Policy for JPG to PDF
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
JPG to PDF does not collect any user recording, photos or stitching, including personal and non-personal information. JPG to PDF does not collect, backup or save documents in external servers. Every file created is store locally, in the app.
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
THIRD PARTY APPS / LINKS
JPG to PDF does not have links or promotion to other apps
SECURITY
JPG to PDF stores the scan document on your device, to be able to export it. After the document is shared or exported, user can keep an offline copy or deleted it.
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by DIGISET LLC, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.
            The User is aware of the fact that DIGISET LLC may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System Logs and Maintenance
JPG to PDF does not collect any personal data.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from DIGISET LLC at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
The rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult DIGISET LLC to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to DIGISET LLC at the contact information set out above.
Changes to this privacy policy
DIGISET LLC reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that DIGISET LLC erase the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data DIGISET LLC has about Users.