COCHLEAR GLOBAL PRIVACY NOTICE
When you interact with Cochlear Limited and/or any of its affiliated companies (“Cochlear”, or “we”), we may collect and use your personal information. This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) explains what information we collect, why we collect it, how we may use it and how you can manage your personal information. 
This Notice covers both our online and offline data collection activities, including personal information that we collect through websites, apps, paper forms, customer services, third parties (e.g. clinics, clinicians, volunteers, etc.) and events.
When used in this Notice, “you” and “your” may refer to you or the person(s) you care for, depending on your situation.
The Cochlear company in your country, or the Cochlear company that provides you with assistance, is the data controller of your personal information.
Cochlear’s collection, use, or disclosure of Protected Health Information as defined by the US Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) is subject to our
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
.
In addition to this Notice, the
China Privacy Annex
applies to Cochlear’s Chinese customers.
Collection of information
Purposes of using information
Sharing of information
Storing of information
Security
Children’s information
Your rights
Cochlear Products, Apps and Services
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
You are not required to provide personal information to us, but in some circumstances, we might not be able to provide all of our products, apps and services to you without your personal information. Depending on how you interact with Cochlear (e.g., online, offline, over the phone, etc.), we collect various types of information from or about you, as described below.
Contact information
: name and contact details, including postal address, email address, social media details or phone number.
Account and login information
: information that is required to give you access to your account, including username, email address, password in unrecoverable form, security question and answer.
Information from and about your use of Cochlear products, apps and services:
Cochlear receives information about which Cochlear apps you are using, how the app and/or your hearing device are used, which includes device details (e.g., device number, your account number, model, hardware version) and the services you use. To help us provide consistent services across your devices, we may associate the information we collect from and about you.
Information from computer/mobile device:
when you visit our websites or use our apps, we may receive data about the computer system or device you are using and/or analytical data, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, operating system type, web browser type and version, app version, app logs and errors encountered. If you access our websites or apps using a mobile device such as a smartphone, the collected information will also include, where permitted, the unique device identifier, advertising identifier, geo-location, and other similar mobile device data.
Demographic information and interests
:  information that describes your demographic or behavioural characteristics, including your date of birth, age or age range, sex, geographic location (e.g. postcode/zip code/country of residence) and information about your personal hearing journey from Cochlear Community forums or other services
Health data
: health and/or medical treatment information we receive directly from you or your hearing health professional.
Recorded media
: any photographs, videos and/or audio recordings of you which may be captured through interviews or at Cochlear-related events.
Payment and financial information
: information that you use to make a purchase, such as your debit or credit card details. We or our payment processing provider(s) handle payment and financial information in a manner compliant with applicable laws, regulations and security standards
Customer service interactions
: information shared with our customer service teams (via telephone, online or through any “contact us” features), your customer service and purchase history, and any information that you voluntarily share with us about the experience of using our products, apps and services (e.g., market research and consumer feedback)
User-generated content
: any content that you create and then share with us via third party social network platforms, when using messaging apps (e.g. WhatsApp) or chat bots, or by uploading it to one of our websites or apps. Where permitted, we may publish user-generated content as part of third-party social networking or website community and user engagement.
Third party social network information
: any information that you share publicly on a third-party social network or information that is part of your profile on a third-party social network (such as Facebook, etc.) and that you allow the third-party social network to share with us. Examples include your basic account information (e.g. name, email address, gender, birthday, current city, profile picture, user ID, list of friends, etc.) and any other information or activities that you permit the third-party social network to share. We receive this information (or parts of it) when you download or interact with a Cochlear web application on a third-party social network, when you use a social networking feature that is integrated within a Cochlear site or when you interact with us through a third-party social network. Social media platforms collect personal information about you through your use of their platforms and via cookies and similar technologies. To learn more about how your information from a third-party social network is obtained by Cochlear, or to opt-out of sharing such information, please visit the website of the relevant third-party social network.
Combining data
: we may combine the information you provide with other information we have collected from or about you, whether on‑ or off-line. We may also combine it with information we receive about you from other Cochlear affiliates and third parties (e.g., your hearing health professional).
Further information:
additional details about how your personal information may be used is available:
Cookies and similar technologies, click
here
.
Cochlear’s products, apps and services.
For healthcare professionals
: if you are a hearing health professional (e.g., surgeon, clinician, audiologist, administrative staff at health care sites), we may additionally collect information about you, your medical specialty and related clinic/hospital, your clinical and medical interests, your training records and your involvement with Cochlear products, apps and services.
Personal information from third parties
: we may receive personal information about you from other organisations or individuals. This includes health data and/or medical treatment, obtained directly from your hearing health professional, e.g. during pre- and post-surgery, and/or when registering a device. Such information may include your implant and sound processor serial numbers, device settings, and contact details to make sure you have access to our full customer support.
We may also acquire data from third-party providers to supplement our market analysis and marketing efforts, which helps us to provide you with a more personalised experience.
PURPOSES
Cochlear uses personal information for the purposes described below.
Purpose of using personal information
Legal grounds
(where applicable)
Product/ app/ service
Creation of your account:
to (i) identify you within our internal systems, (ii) provide you with access to products, apps or services and (iii) enable us to maintain your information in a single account
With your consent (where required), or legitimate interest
Cochlear Account
Cochlear Apps
Cochlear Networking
Remote Check
Remote Assist
Online store
Web portal
Registration of devices, warranty and records:
to (i) keep and maintain records relating to our medical devices and to track warranty periods, (ii) maintain a distribution record and device history record of Cochlear products and (iii) maintain a record of medical queries and/or complaints relating to our products.
Fulfilling contractual obligations, or regulatory obligations
Cochlear Account
Marketing:
to (i) enable our marketing and promotional efforts, (ii) managing events, (iii) measuring the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, (iv) inviting you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us, or (v) providing you with offers and information related to our products, apps and services, which we believe will be of interest to you.
With your consent (where required), or legitimate interest
Cochlear Networking
Personalisation:
to (i) analyse your preferences to understand what information you might be interested in receiving, (ii) to better understand your personal hearing journey and/or your experience with hearing devices to evaluate how Cochlear can best support and communicate with you, (iii) to provide you with targeted advertising and content and (iv) to improve and personalise your experience on our websites and apps.
With your consent (where required), or legitimate interest
Cochlear Account
Cochlear Apps
Cochlear Networking
Online store
Customer Service, support and notification:
to (i) provide full support for service and repairs (ii) communicate with you to provide support you request (iii) keep track of our interactions and to allow you to access relevant services and apps (iv) respond to queries and requests for information about our products and services, and (v) provide you with service-related notifications such as warranty expirations, delivery notifications and Remote Check reminders
Legitimate interest, or fulfilling contractual obligations, or regulatory obligations
Cochlear Networking
Cochlear Account
Cochlear Apps
Remote Check
Remote Assist
Product and service development and improvements:
to (i) improve our products, apps and services, and develop new products, apps and services, (ii) analyse product performance, service and reliability data (iii) improve the content, functionality and usability of our websites and apps (iv) develop and use algorithms for our products and services.
Legitimate interest
Cochlear Apps
Remote Check
Remote Assist
Cochlear Networking
Online store
Web portal
Scientific inquiry:
for scientific research to improve our products and services and support clinical study design and clinical trials.
With your consent (where required), or legitimate interests, or legitimate interests and public health, or scientific research
Cochlear Apps
Remote Check
Post-market surveillance or Clinical follow-up:
to monitor our medical devices post-implantation required under applicable medical devices regulations.
Regulatory obligations
Analytics:
for (i) various analytic purposes e.g., tracking device usage and performance and screens, sound processor usage metrics, diagnostics, and completed Remote Checks and (ii) demographic and statistical purposes to better understand our customers and potential customers.
With your consent (where required), or fulfilling contractual obligations, or legitimate interest, or scientific research purposes
Cochlear Apps
Cochlear Networking
Third party social networks:
to (i) understand our social media audience demographics, preferences and interests, (ii) analyse trends and profiles, (iii) conduct market surveys through our social media platforms to enhance, modify, personalise and improve our services, (iv) process and respond to requests and enquiries, and (v) recommend products and services we think will be of interest to you via targeted online advertising.
With your consent (where required), or legitimate interest
Cochlear Networking:
to (i) better understand your personal hearing journey and/or your experience with hearing devices, (ii) evaluate how Cochlear can best support and communicate with you, (iii) determine which market research activities and events will be most relevant to you, and (iv) better understand our customers and potential customers for demographic and statistical purposes.
With your consent (where required), or legitimate interest
Cochlear Networking
Job candidates:
for the purposes of the hiring process and, for selected candidates, as pre-contractual information.
The hiring process includes (i) assessing a job candidate’s suitability for one or more roles, (ii) maintaining a record of representations made to Cochlear at the time of application, (iii) helping us assess the effectiveness of our job applicant screening tools and processes, (iv) ensuring we understand the candidates’ background, strengths, and opportunities for development. The personal information of referees is processed for the purpose of completing an applicant’s work reference checks.
With your consent (where required), or legitimate interest, or fulfilling contractual obligations
Cochlear Job Applicants
Other purposes:
in accordance with applicable laws, for other general business purposes (e.g., conducting internal or market research, processing orders and payments) and for the management and operation of our communications, IT and security systems and to monitor for security or anti-fraud purposes.
Legitimate interest, or fulfilling contractual obligations, or regulatory obligations
Training for Volunteers and hearing health professionals:
to (i) provide access to training via Cochlear Academy or other platforms, (ii) report on the status and completion of training (iii) recommend training (iv) reporting and analytics.
With your consent 
(where required), or
regulatory obligations
Cochlear Academy
Analytics for hearing health professionals:
to (i) analyse product and service adoption and usage (ii) analyse sales volumes, (iii) conduct marketing analytics and (iv) generate market insights at both the individual professional level and at a clinic/hospital level. Some of this data may be de-identified and aggregated.
Legitimate interest
Cochlear Apps
Use of de-identified data.
We may process data that has been de-identified for purposes including analytics, product, app or service development, research and to train algorithms.
De-identification methods adopted are in accordance with applicable requirements (e.g., for the US we de-identify in accordance with HIPAA Safe Harbour or expert opinion, for other countries we pseudonymise or anonymise). Analytics may include marketing, website and app analytics, including the type of mobile device and operating system used, how often features within our app are used, and IP addresses to assess the general geographic region in which the app is used.
If you enable the analytics/diagnostics feature in a Cochlear App, the app will collect and send de-identified data to Cochlear about how the App is used and any errors it encounters. This data helps Cochlear continually improve its apps and other Cochlear products and services.
To ensure the security of your personal information Cochlear implements technological and administrative measures to (i) de-identify your personal information, (ii) receive de-identified information from third parties and (iii) prevent de-identified data from being associated with your identity.
Where practical and compatible with the purposes described in this Notice or communicated to you, we protect your personal information and privacy by aggregating or anonymising your personal information. In this case, after aggregation or anonymisation, the data will no longer be classified as personal information nor its use subject to this Notice.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Within the Cochlear Group.
We may share personal information within the Cochlear group of companies in your country of residence and abroad.  Each member of the Cochlear Group will use and share your personal information only as set out in this Notice.
With Our Service Providers.
We share personal information with organisations that provide or perform services to, for or on behalf of Cochlear in your country of residence or abroad; for example, our distributors, consultants, IT services providers and companies that provide website support services or that help us market our products and services.  In some cases, you may provide your personal information directly to these third-party service providers (e.g. when you make a purchase in our online store and enter your credit card information for payment), and the data may or may not be shared by that third party with Cochlear.  Our service providers are required by contract to protect the confidentiality and security of the personal information we share with them and to use it only to provide services to us, and in compliance with applicable laws.
With Third-Parties.
We share your personal information with other third parties only with your consent (where required) or based on a lawful ground or obligation to do so. Except in situations where you have given your consent, we do not license or sell your personal information to third-party companies for their own marketing purposes. The identity of any such third-party company will be disclosed to you at the time we ask for your consent.
We may share your personal information with Cochlear Volunteers and recipients of Cochlear’s products and services as described in this Notice.
With Hearing Health Professionals.
We may share your personal information with your hearing health provider (clinic, hearing health professional, reimbursement authority) for the following purposes:
to assess your suitability for our products;
when you participate in Cochlear Connected Care programs;
to support your health care providers when using Cochlear’s products, apps and services, e.g., to allow sound processor configuration files (MAPs) to be securely backed-up by Cochlear and shared with your designated healthcare providers;
to help with your use of our products, apps and services; and
to help with your use of our products, apps and services, or for other reasons related to treatment, health care operations, or payment/reimbursements., e.g.   when you place an order for an applicable product or service, we may share your personal information with organisations paying for health services on your behalf (e.g., Medicare or Medicaid) and reimbursement authorities and insurance companies.
With parents and carers.
If and when applicable, your designated parent or carer will also be able to access the personal information we collect from or about you.
Business Transactions.
Your personal information may be transferred to a company that has acquired the stock or assets of a member of the Cochlear Group or one of our operating divisions, for example, as the result of a sale, merger, reorganisation or liquidation.  If such a transfer occurs, the acquiring company’s use of your personal information will still be subject to this Notice and the privacy preferences you’ve expressed to us.
Legal/Government Requests and the Protection of Cochlear and Others.
We may disclose personal information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to:
comply with the law (or a court order or subpoena);
comply with lawful requests from public and governmental authorities, subject to these requests being lawful under applicable laws;
prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; or
protect the rights, property or safety of the Cochlear Group, our users or others.
STORING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Where is personal information processed and stored?
Processing and storage.
Cochlear is a global company, headquartered in Sydney, Australia, and with key facilities and personnel in the European Union, the United Kingdom, the United States and elsewhere.  Your personal information may be transferred to, processed and stored in locations where Cochlear or its respective service providers operate.
Transfer of your personal information.
We may process your personal information outside your country of residence for the purposes set out in this Notice. When we transfer your personal information to other countries, we take reasonable steps to ensure that applicable laws are being followed and that adequate data transfer mechanisms are put in place.
To the extent that personal information is collected from residents of the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom and transferred to countries which are not considered as having an adequate level of personal data protection, Cochlear takes steps to protect and otherwise process it in accordance with EU standards of data protection, namely:
(i)   we undertake transfer impact assessments, when necessary, and implement supplementary security measures, where required;
(ii)  we put in place European Commission/UK/Swiss-approved standard contractual clauses (and you have a right to ask us for a copy of these clauses by contacting us as set out below); and
(iii) we will rely on your consent, where required by law.
How long does Cochlear retain personal information?
Cochlear keeps personal information in an identifiable or de-identified form for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was originally collected or any additional uses you have agreed to, or to satisfy our regulatory and legal record keeping obligations.  After that, we will either delete the information or anonymise it so that it is no longer associated with you. Specific data retention periods, if any, are detailed in the description of Cochlear’s products, apps and services.
SECURITY
Measures taken by Cochlear.
Cochlear has implemented appropriate physical, administrative, technical and organisational measures to help protect personal information from misuse, loss, and unauthorised access or disclosure.  Our security measures include appropriate access control, encryption (where appropriate) and regular security assessments.
Measures we expect you to take.
It is important that you also play a role in keeping your personal information safe and secure. When signing up for an online account, please choose an account password that would be difficult for others to guess and never reveal your password to anyone else. You are responsible for keeping this password confidential and for any use of your account. If you use a shared or public computer, never choose to have your username, email address or password remembered and make sure to log out of your account every time you leave the computer. You should also make use of any privacy settings or controls we provide you in our website/apps.
CHILDREN'S INFORMATION
How does Cochlear address children’s privacy and parents’ rights?
Our websites and services are intended for general adult audiences, including patients, parents and carers, and are not specifically directed toward children.
Child Accounts and Parental Consent
Certain Cochlear services and apps are accessed via a Cochlear Account. Child Accounts can be created with a parent or carer’s consent through the services and apps which permit their use, such as the Nucleus Smart App.  An email address may be used for communications related to a Cochlear Account and date of birth helps us ensure that Child Accounts are only created with the consent of a parent or carer.
Child Accounts access the same Cochlear services and apps available to adults, which may result in personal information being sent to Cochlear.  For example, a child using the Nucleus Smart App may enable features to synchronise data with Cochlear (see the Nucleus Smart App information in Cochlear products, apps and services.).
Parents or carers may review, edit, request the deletion, or prevent further collection or use of their children’s personal information by contacting us as described in this Notice.
YOUR RIGHTS
How can you access, correct or delete personal information?
We respect your right to make choices about the personal information we collect, use and share.  We take steps to help ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete and current.
Under the privacy or data protection laws in your country of residence, you may have the following rights in respect of your personal information within Cochlear’s control: the right to request access, correction, revision, or deletion of your personal information. In some circumstances (i) we will not be able to delete your personal information without also deleting your user account; and (ii) we may be required to still retain some of your personal information to satisfy our legal or contractual obligations or to satisfy our business needs (where permitted by applicable laws).
In certain countries, you may also have additional rights to data portability, to opt out of sale or sharing of your personal information, to limit the use of your sensitive personal information to object to the use of your personal information or to request compensation for damages for any harms caused by the unlawful processing of your personal information. The rights set out above do not limit any other rights that you may have under privacy or data protection laws in your country of residence.
Where you have consented to the processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.  You can unsubscribe from promotional or marketing communications via the unsubscribe links within the communications or by contacting us.
To help protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before providing you with access to your details or correcting, amending or deleting our records. Any identification information provided to us will only be processed in accordance with, and to the extent permitted, by applicable laws.
Whilst we hope that we can satisfy any queries you may have about the way we process your personal information, if you do have unresolved concerns, you also have the right to complain to the relevant data protection authority in your country.
COCHLEAR PRODUCTS, APPS AND SERVICES
Cochlear Product/App/Service
Use of data
Cochlear™ Account
Creating a Cochlear Account enables you to login to and use a variety of Cochlear services and apps, such as the Baha Smart App, the Nucleus Smart App, the Osia Smart App, the myCochlear™ Recipient web portal, and our online store. Services which make use of Cochlear Accounts vary by country.
When you create a Cochlear Account, we ask for your name, email address and date of birth. We use this information to associate your Cochlear Account with your Cochlear device registrations to help us provide the most relevant services to you. Additionally, your email address may be used for communications related to your Cochlear account and date of birth helps us ensure that child accounts are only created with the consent of a parent or carer.
Cochlear Nucleus®, Baha® and Osia® Smart Apps
With the Nucleus®, Baha® and Osia® Smart Apps, you can update your hearing settings directly from a compatible Apple® or Android™ device.
The apps let you pair a compatible sound processor via Bluetooth® with your compatible smartphone, allowing you to change programs, adjust volume, control streaming accessories and locate a lost or misplaced sound processor.
When you log in to a Smart App with your Cochlear Account, information is sent to Cochlear about your sound processor.  This information allows Cochlear to validate that an app is being used with approved hardware (Nucleus and Osia).
You have the option to enable your Cochlear Smart App to notify you with alerts about your sound processor(s). This feature can be enabled or disabled in your smartphone’s app notification settings.
Your device’s GPS and Wi-Fi or cellular network can be used to help you find a lost or misplaced sound processor. A Cochlear Smart App can store the last location where a sound processor paired with the app was used.  Your location data is not sent to Cochlear. You can enable or disable this feature within your smartphone’s settings for location services.
Additional information for Baha Smart App
Baha Smart App allows you to register your sound processor with Cochlear and create an association with your fitting clinic to activate your device warranty and enable service and support to be provided.
Additional information for Nucleus Smart App
Hearing Tracker
When you pair your sound processor with Nucleus Smart App, you will be asked if you wish to enable Data Sync. Enabling Data Sync will mean that your processor usage data (data logs) is synchronised to the Cochlear Cloud, to give you Hearing Tracker insights. If Data Sync is not enabled, the processor usage data is only stored on your device and will not be synchronised.
Hearing Tracker is enabled on an individual recipient basis. If a parent or carer enables Data Sync for a recipient, Hearing Tracker will be enabled on all smartphones using the app with that recipient’s device, meaning data logs will be collected and sent to Cochlear. Similarly, if one parent or carer disables Data Sync, Hearing Tracker is disabled on all other smartphones.
Cochlear uses data logs in a de-identified form to identify trends, to advance and share scientific research findings, to understand how its products and services are used, and to continually improve its products and services.
Bimodal Control in the Nucleus Smart App
The Nucleus Smart App allows you to pair and manage a compatible ReSound hearing aid and Cochlear Sound Processor*. Bimodal control allows you to adjust volume or change programs for both of your hearing devices from a single app.  Cochlear does not process any personal information about your hearing aid.
* For compatibility information and devices visit
www.cochlear.com/compatibility
Cochlear™ Remote Assist
Remote Assist allows you to have live, pre-scheduled video appointments with your hearing health professional.
Use of Remote Assist is optional.  If used, Remote Assist is enabled by your Cochlear Account, the Nucleus or Baha Smart App and Cochlear’s preferred business cloud communications provider, Vonage®.
Cochlear does not process any personal information about your Remote Assist session.
Vonage records your IP address for customer support purposes and retains this information for seven days. Vonage processes IP addresses in accordance with the
Vonage Privacy Policy
. We recommend that you read this before using Remote Assist.
Cochlear™ Remote Check
Remote Check is a virtual assessment tool to allow you to complete a range of hearing health checks at a convenient time and place, without visiting the clinic.
Use of Remote Check is optional, this is determined by your clinician, together with you.
If used, Remote Check is enabled by your Cochlear Account and Nucleus Smart App.  In addition, you must provide permission via the app to share your data with your clinic and enable:
Data Sync, so your hearing health professional can access your data logs (this means you will also have access to Hearing Tracker); and
Data Sharing, to provide permission for your clinic to receive your data.
Cochlear processes the results of your Remote Check and then share them with your clinic for analysis. Results include hearing test data, photographs of your implant site, questionnaire data, data logs and diagnostic data from your implant and sound processor. If applicable, we process your debit or credit card details to enable a built-in payment functionality, which is facilitated by a third-party payment provider, who processes your payment.
Cochlear Networking - Cochlear Conversations
Cochlear Conversations is an invitation-only program offered by Cochlear to recipients, their parents and carers in select markets, to conduct market research and collect feedback from Cochlear customers to help inform and improve Cochlear products, apps and services.
You can leave Cochlear Conversations at any time by contacting us as set out at the end of this Notice.
Invitations are sent through different channels, depending on the contact information you have provided to us (e.g., email, mail, phone and text).
Your feedback or responses to survey and market research will be used to help improve our products and services. Your responses will be collected and reported on at an aggregate level, and we will always notify you beforehand if survey responses will be associated with you.
Cochlear Networking - Cochlear Events
Cochlear regularly conducts or supports a variety of events, including conferences (Events).
Your biographical and health information, such as your age or date of birth, your level and duration of hearing loss, and your use of hearing devices are processed for Events intended for candidates and/or recipients for Cochlear's hearing solutions and/or services: (i) to ensure that we are providing relevant content and speakers for the Event; (ii) to better understand our customers and potential customers for demographic and statistical purposes; (iii) to identify opportunities for you to participate in other Cochlear activities, such as the Cochlear Volunteer Program.
At some Events, we take recorded media to use in our communications and materials within Cochlear, as well as on our external websites, social media accounts, and print publications. We will always ask you before using recorded media which features you prominently in focus in an identifiable manner (e.g. a close-up photograph or video), however we may use recorded media without your consent if you are merely in the background, out-of-focus, or otherwise not readily prominent or identifiable.
If you agree to a separate talent/media release, we may share and use Recorded Media featuring your image and/or voice via social media, website, print or as otherwise specified in such a media release.
In limited circumstances, we may assist with booking travel and/or accommodation for Events. In these instances, we will use travel details, including any national identity documents or payment details, only as necessary to complete the booking.
We retain records of Event registration and attendance only for as long as is necessary for the proper management and administration of the Event and to analyse event demographics and trends over time.
Cochlear Networking - Cochlear Family
Cochlear Family is a free-to-join membership program offered by Cochlear to recipients in select markets. It supports recipients, their families and carers as they learn to use and live with their device.
Members of Cochlear Family receive communications from Cochlear, which may include information about new products and services, special offers, invitations to events and surveys.
You can leave Cochlear Family at any time by contacting Cochlear in your country.
Communications are delivered through different channels, depending on the contact information you have provided (e.g., email, mail, phone and text).
We use your personal and health information to offer you the benefits of the Program membership, as described in the
Cochlear Family Terms
and to tailor membership communications, including marketing, to your interests.
Cochlear Networking - Cochlear Volunteers
Our Cochlear Volunteer Program is a team of volunteers made up of thousands of people and their loved ones around the world who hear with a Cochlear solution. They all share one thing in common – a passion for helping others on their hearing journey.
Our Cochlear Volunteers share their stories, offer support and provide information to anyone considering or getting a Cochlear hearing solution, including parents, carers, family members or friends. We use this information, along with other biographical information, to identify opportunities for recipients, parents and carers to participate in the Cochlear Volunteer Program.
Personal history as a Cochlear implant recipient or carer, as well as interests, skills and availability will be used to identify opportunities for you to participate in the Cochlear Volunteer Program, including connecting you with individuals interested in learning more about your personal experience with hearing loss or as a loved one to a cochlear implant recipient.
We will retain your volunteer information for as long as you remain in the program. If you do not join the Cochlear Volunteer Program, the personal information included in your expression of interest will be destroyed shortly after such a determination.
Cochlear Academy (for Professionals)
Creating a Cochlear Academy Account enables you to login to and use a variety of Cochlear online learning, classroom-based learning, webinars, reading, videos and links to websites.
Your training records will be available to you and others based upon your choice among the sharing options in the learning platform.
Cochlear Job Applicants and Referees
Personal information collected
When you apply to work at or for Cochlear, you are asked to provide information, such as contact details, a detailed employment and educational history (e.g. resume and/or academic transcripts), proof of work eligibility (e.g. passport and/or visa), a description of your skills (e.g. foreign languages) and referees’ contact details (if any).
Personal information about you may also be collected from others as a result of:
Interview feedback
Reference checks
Background checks
Web searches such as via Google or LinkedIn
Psychometric assessments
The specific information requested from you and collected from others may vary by country.
Sharing with third parties
Beyond our use of service providers acting on Cochlear’s behalf, personal information collected in the job application process will not be shared with third parties without your consent.  When you provide personal or employment references as part of your job application, Cochlear may contact those individuals and disclose to them that you have applied to work at Cochlear.
We may share your personal information with the referees you designate or other third parties, and we can collect from them additional personal information about you for the purpose of completing the background check process. Likewise, if you are a referee we may collect and use your personal information.
Retention period
In the event that your application to work at or for Cochlear is successful, we will retain your job applicant data for the duration of your employment/engagement at Cochlear.  If you leave Cochlear’s employment/engagement, your job applicant data will be deleted in accordance with Cochlear’s internal data retention and deletion standards.
Cochlear deletes job applicant data within 12 months of an unsuccessful application, unless you have asked Cochlear to keep the application data on file to consider you for future roles, in which case the data will be deleted within 5 years of the last time you were considered for a role.
CONTACT US
How can you raise questions or concerns about this Notice or Cochlear's Privacy Practices?
If you wish to exercise any of your rights,  or raise any questions or concerns about this Notice or how Cochlear handles your personal information, please contact us via email at
; or by contacting the
Cochlear entity
in your country or your closest regional Cochlear office:
Cochlear Limited
Attn: Global Privacy Office
1 University Avenue
Macquarie University
NSW 2019
Australia
+61 2 9428 6555
Cochlear Americas
Attn: Privacy Office
10350 Park Meadows Drive
Lone Tree, CO 80124
United States of America
+1 800 523 5798
Cochlear AG
Attn: Privacy Office
Peter Merian-Weg 4
4052 Basel BS
Switzerland
+41 61 205 82 04
Cochlear Latinoamérica SA
Attn: Privacy Office
International Business Park
Building 3835, Office 403,
Panama Pacifico
Panama
+507 830 6220
UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE
We periodically update this Notice for a variety of reasons, including changes in laws, regulations and our business practices.  We encourage you to regularly review this Notice to make sure that you are aware of what is new.
Publication date:
14/06/2024
D1425384 V15 2024-06
Baha, Cochlear, Osia, Nucleus, Hear now. And always, the elliptical logo, and marks bearing an ® or ™ symbol, are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Cochlear Bone Anchored Solutions AB or Cochlear Limited (unless otherwise noted).
The
Bluetooth®
word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such marks by Cochlear Limited is under licence.
Apple is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
Android is a trademark of Google LLC.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://assets.cochlear.com/api/public/content/56798917ab0542fb9d10335b331d32a3?v=edf2d9c2:

Sub-policy 1
https://assets.cochlear.com/api/public/content/f5cb2168f08f4b8eaa4048622079e500?v=1d9be99b:

Sub-policy 2
https://www.vonage.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Device Type: desktop
Last updated May 07, 2024 (modified to amend Data Protection Framework Commitment section).  Click
here
for archived versions.
Vonage Privacy Policy
Last updated May 07,  2024
We know your privacy is important to you, and we want you to know it’s important to us too. This Privacy Policy is meant to explain our practices when it comes to your use of our products, services, and websites. We encourage you to take the time to review it carefully, to understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. Below, we cover the following topics:
Who we are
What information we collect
Why we collect your information and how we use it
Who we share your data with and why
How we protect your information
Where we store your information and international transfers
How long we keep your information
How to access and control your information
Other important information
How to contact us
EU-US Data Protection Framework Commitment
Additional Notices for Residents of:
US states laws
EEA and UK
Cookies and Tracking Notice
CAPTCHA
It is important to note that the following notices at the end of this Privacy Policy provide additional rights and notices that apply to some users of our services, and will govern in such circumstances:  Additional Notices for Residents of California / Nevada and Customer Proprietary Network Information Notice.  In addition, the rights of data subjects noted in the Privacy Policy under UK, EEA, Swiss and Australian law may be limited by us to where and when those laws are applicable.  Additional and differing notices may be provided at the point of collection, in which case those pre-collection notices will supplement this Privacy Policy and govern in the event of a conflict.
Who we are
Vonage Holdings Corp., including its corporate affiliates, (“Vonage,” “we,” “our”) is a global provider of cloud communications that offers various services. For our business and residential customers, we offer a complete and fully-configured unified communications solution for the delivery of end-to-end communications via voice, video, text, mobile applications, and collaboration tools. We also provide our communications services in programmable modules delivered via APIs and SDKs, enabling our customers to incorporate these services into their own applications to serve their own customers.
With Jumper.ai, our conversational commerce services, our customers can engage with their consumers throughout their buying journeys on the channels they love. F
or our business customers we also offer a contact centre solution.
If you are a customer located in the United Kingdom (“UK”) or
European Economic Area
(“EEA”), the following corporate affiliates of Vonage Holdings Corp., may also process your personal data with Vonage Holdings Corp., including for the provision of their products and services, marketing and support:
Ericsson
Vonage Business Limited (company number 03602868) with a registered address of
5 Churchill Place, 10th Floor
,
London E14 5HU UK
Vonage V.B. with a registered address of
Basisweg 10,
1043AP Amsterdam
,
The Netherlands
This Privacy Policy applies to our customers, prospective customers, our customers’ customers (both direct and indirect), job applicants, current and former employees, contractors, visitors to our company websites,and recipients of our e-mail communications.
Current employees are also governed by internal Human Resources policies, which are available upon request.
When you use our websites or our services, you acknowledge and understand that Vonage will collect, use, and share your information, as we describe in this Privacy Policy.
Note: if you’re a user of an application that is integrated or built using Vonage’s products and services, that application’s privacy policy will describe how it collects, uses, stores, and shares your data. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or actions of our customers or business partners.
What information we collect
We collect your information in the following ways:
Information you provide directly to us.
When you subscribe to our newsletters, register for one of our webinars, sign up for our services, request us to contact you, or through other interactions with us, we may ask you for certain personal information that identifies or is linked or reasonably linkable to you (“Personal Data”), such as your name, birthdate, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, company name, job title, or payment information, as well as non-Personal Data.  For instance, and without limitation:
When you request support from us, we may also collect information from you, including Personal Data, such as contact information, documentation, screenshots, or other information you or we may believe is helpful to solving the issue.
When you speak with our customer service or sales representative on the phone, your calls may be recorded and/or monitored for quality assurance, training and research purposes.
In certain circumstances and depending on the country where you reside, we may collect your Social Security number from you for a limited purpose, such as for tax reporting relating to a payment for a customer referral or to facilitate an international money transfer.
Information we collect automatically when you visit our websites.
We, our vendors and third-party services, such as our advertising and analytics providers, collect information about your visits to our websites and your interactions with our ads or content, together with information such as your IP address, location, cookies, and other tracking technologies (e.g., web beacons, device identifiers, pixels, and cross-device tracking). For more information, please see our Cookies and Tracking Notices below, which includes information on how to control or opt out of these cookies and tracking technologies.
Information we get from third parties
. Third party sources of information include, without limitation:
Third party services and social media.
If you create an account or access our services through your account with a third-party service, such as Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, GitHub or Twitter, or use a social media feature through our services, certain Personal Data and other information from those third-party social media services may be shared with us, such as your interests, “likes,” and friends list. We may use this information we receive from them, for example, to personalize your Vonage experiences and marketing communications, to enhance our services, and to better serve you. Some third parties enable you to control this data sharing via options in your social media accounts. We may also collect information from third party services that are integrated with our services, such as third-party CRMs or other applications that you authorize our services to connect with. The privacy policies of third party services, and not this Privacy Policy, govern those third parties’ practices and services. This Privacy Policy only governs our receipt of Personal data from them.
Consumer reporting agencies.
We may obtain your credit information from third party reporting agencies in order to control our own credit risk in onboarding new customers.
Demographic, lead, and interest data.
We may obtain Personal Data and other information from outside companies such as those that collect customer information including demographic and interest data. Examples of this information include your employment status, your job title with your current employer, and your business contact information. We may use this data and combine it with other information we have about you, for example, to help us predict your preferences and to direct marketing offers that might be more relevant to you. We also obtain where permitted by law contact information and other marketing lead information from third parties, website “refer-a-friend” options or social media platforms and may combine it with information we have, for instance, to contact you or direct Vonage marketing offers to you.
Information about our customers’ users.
Our customers and other third parties may also provide us with Personal Data and other information about our customers’ users and others. For example, we may receive Personal Data and other information from our customers, message senders, mobile network operators, databases with information relevant to mobile telephone numbers submitted to our services, and other third parties. This information may include, without limitation, telephone numbers, telephone numbers’ validity, type (e.g., mobile, landline, etc.), corresponding device status (e.g., whether or not it is currently available for messaging), roaming status, carrier, country of location, and whether or not the number has been ported and is used, for instance, to help us provide our services.
Information collected in connection with your use of services delivered via our platform.
We and our service providers may collect Personal Data and other information in connection with your use of communications services delivered via our platform, including, without limitation:
Communications usage information.
This includes information about your communications delivered via our platform such as the time and duration of usage, source and destination identifiers, from/to phone numbers, completion status, location, IP address, and amount of usage.
Communications content.
To enable you to send and receive communications via our platform, we need to be able to handle the content of the messages, calls, and other communications channels used by you. This also includes, for example, voicemails, messages and call recordings recorded via our services.
Delivery information
: to enable the delivery of goods, if you purchase goods from Vonage. This includes the shipping address.
Device information.
Where we have provided end user equipment to you, such as an analog telephone adapter or a VoIP phone, or you have installed our software on your device, we collect device-specific information from you. This includes, for example, your hardware model, operating system version, firmware, browser information, device and network configuration, device identifier, IP address, device performance, signal strength, call quality, telemetry, and mobile or wireless network information. We use the device information we collect in order to deliver and improve our services.  Device information is also collected when you visit our websites, as more fully detailed above.
Your contact lists and address book.
If you use our mobile apps, we may request your permission to access and store the contact list or address book maintained on your mobile phone, tablet, or other broadband-connected device. Your contact list is considered your personal data. We may use your contact list information to facilitate certain services where selected by you such as to enable you to make calls easily and to facilitate calls, texts, and other services. We may also facilitate the delivery of messages to individuals in your contact list that you wish to invite to download our mobile apps so that you can utilize our services with these selected individuals, although it is always your choice to send invites to such individuals. We will not use your contact list information for other purposes without first notifying you of the proposed use. You do not have to allow us to access your contact list information, but if you do not, certain features of our mobile apps may not be available to you. You may at any time opt out from allowing this access via the privacy settings on your device.
Mobile device camera, microphone and photos.
If you use our mobile apps, we may request your permission to access the camera, microphone, and photos on your mobile device, to make and receive voice and video calls and messages and to send photos to others. You do not have to allow us to access these functions of your device, but if you do not, certain features of our mobile apps may not be available to you. You may at any time opt out from allowing this access via the privacy settings on your device.
Your location information.
If your mobile device is equipped with GPS or can connect with wireless access points or hot spots, or if your mobile device is also a phone that communicates with cell towers or satellites, then your mobile device is able to use these features to determine its precise geographic location. You may use the mobile app to do a one-time share of your precise geographic location through a message in a chat session by pressing the location attachment button within the mobile app (a “Location Share Event”). We will retain the Location Share Event within your chat session on the mobile app until you delete the message. Your precise geographic location, including a Location Share Event, is considered your personal data. To the extent our mobile apps collect precise geographic location, you may at any time opt out from further allowing us to have access to your mobile device’s precise location information via the mobile app’s location settings on your mobile device.
Why we collect your information and how we use it
How we use the information we collect depends on the nature of the data, which of our services you use, how you use them, and specific preferences you may have communicated to us. We reserve the right to collect,  share and otherwise use non-Personal Data for any purpose except where limited by applicable law, and to create non-Personal Data from Personal Data in order to do so.  We list below the specific purposes for which we collect, use and otherwise process your Personal Data:
To deliver our services.
We use your Personal Data and other information as necessary to perform our obligations in delivering our services to our customers. This includes delivering your communications to the intended end user, processing transactions with you (such as billing), authenticating you when you log into our platform, providing customer support, and operating and maintaining our services. We also need your information to communicate with you about the services, including registration confirmations, purchase confirmations, expiration or renewal reminders, responding to your requests, and sending you notices, updates, security alerts, administrative messages, and other communications necessary to usage of the services.
To carry out core activities relating to our services.
To effectively deliver our services to you, we use your Personal Data and other information to engage in important supporting activities such as:
billing and collections, including maintenance of records in the event of a subsequent billing dispute;
preventing fraud, violations of our acceptable use policies, and unlawful activities;
troubleshooting, quality control, and analytics; and
monitoring the performance of our systems and platform.
For research and development
. We are constantly looking for ways to improve our services, to make them more reliable, secure, and useful to you and our users generally and we may use the Personal Data and other information we collect to help us do so. For instance, we use data regarding our users’ communications on our platform to understand how our services are performing and how they are being used in order to identify areas where we can do better. For instance, we may use message delivery and call connection information to gauge the effectiveness of our routing to ensure that your messages are delivered and your calls are connected. We and our service providers may use your information, including information obtained through customer surveys, to assess the level of interest in, and use of, our services, our communications to our customers, and our other messaging campaigns, both on an individual basis and in the aggregate. Surveys are optional and customers can opt-out from receiving such surveys via opt out links in survey invitations.   We also use information about your use of our websites to understand how our website visitors are using our websites. Among other things, this usage information, along with tracking technologies, enables third-party analytics companies to generate analytics reports on the usage of our services.
To improve our services and develop new services
. We use your data in the provision of the services.  We also use data we collect in existing services to improve and develop new services.
To market, promote, and drive engagement of our products and services
. We use Personal Data and other information about you to send promotional communications, such as e-mail messages, text messages, phone calls, faxes and postal mail, and for marketing when we have an adequate legal ground to do so. When prior opt-in consent is required by applicable laws, we will obtain such consent. We do not send marketing communication to our customers’ customers who are end users. Based on information we collect about you, we may decide whether and how to promote certain of our products or services to you over others. These communications are to drive your engagement and maximize the value of our services to you, and to help you receive more relevant information from us. To perform the above functions and others described in this Privacy Policy, we may match information collected from you through different means or at different times, including Personal Data and usage information, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources (including third parties) such as contact information, demographic information, and personal interest information. Where local law permits, an auto-dialer and/or artificial or pre-recorded message may be used to make calls to you.  Consent on behalf of someone else or provide someone else’s contact information will not be accepted. You are not required to agree to promotional communications in order to purchase goods or services from us. You can control whether you receive these kinds of communications as described below in Opt out of communications.
To comply with legal requirements.
Applicable laws or regulations may require our processing of your Personal Data and other information, such as laws mandating retention of communications data, including disclosures required by law or legal process.
To protect our legitimate business interests and legal rights.
Where we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights and interests, or the  interests of others, we use Personal Data and other information about you in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, and audit functions, and disclosures in connection with the acquisition, merger or sale of a business.
According to your explicit consent.
If we wish to use your Personal Data for certain purposes which require consent under applicable law, we will first seek out and obtain your consent. This may include, for example, testimonials or case studies that identify you in your individual capacity.
Who we share your information with and why
We reserve the right to collect, share and otherwise disclose non-Personal Data for any purpose except where limited by applicable law, and to create non-Personal Data from Personal Data in order to do so. We may share your Personal Data and other information as detailed below:
Third-party service providers that help us to deliver the services and allow us to operate our businesses.
Communications providers.
As the provider of a communications platform, we share the data we collect from you with communications providers (including traditional PSTN telecommunications companies and over-the-top communications service providers) as necessary in order to provide you with the services. These are the telecommunications companies, for instance, who we need to ensure your calls, messages and other communications reach the people you want to contact.
Payment gateways
: In the provision of conversational commerce services, we use payment gateways as necessary in order to provide you with the services. These are payment gateways companies that ensure the payment is completed in relation to conversational commerce services.
Business operations vendors.
We work with third-parties to help us run our business, such as to provide website and application development, hosting, maintenance, backup, storage, virtual infrastructure, payment processing, analysis, marketing and advertising, and other services for us, which may require them to access or use Personal Data and other information about you. We only work with carefully selected vendors, and take reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Data that they process for us.
Partners
. In the event that you purchase services offered by Vonage or a partner through a special marketing arrangement (for example, through a co-branded advertisement or offer, or an arrangement where we and a partner market or offer the other’s products or services), we may share your information with these third parties in connection with their services, such as to assist with billing and collections, to provide localized support, and to provide customizations. We may also share information with these third parties where you have agreed to that sharing.
Vonage events
. If you attend a Vonage event, we may also share any information that you have submitted to us with a third party business partner. We will always disclose to you the name of the business partner with whom we intend to share the information and obtain your prior opt-in consent to do so.
Third party services.
Our services and websites may include links or other tools (e.g., plug-ins, “like” and share buttons, SDKs, etc.) that direct you to other websites or services whose privacy practices may differ from ours. If you submit Personal Data or other information to any of those third parties, your information is governed by their privacy policies, not this one. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any third party with which you interact.
Compliance with law enforcement requests and applicable laws; enforcement of our rights.
We may disclose Personal Data and other information as required by applicable law, regulation, legal process or government request; to protect Vonage, our services, our customers or the public from harm or illegal activities; and to enforce our agreements, policies and service terms. If Vonage receives a civil or criminal subpoena, warrant, or other official and written request that is legally binding (“Request”) by a public authority for disclosure of personal data, Vonage will promptly notify the customer to the extent Vonage is not precluded from doing so by the Request. In the event that the information must be provided, Vonage will (a) ensure that the disclosed Personal Data is the minimum required to satisfy the Request; and (b) take all commercially reasonable steps to ensure that such personal information is afforded confidential treatment by the authorities.
With your explicit consent.
We share Personal Data and other information about you with third parties when you give us consent to do so. For example, we often display use cases or testimonials of satisfied customers on our public websites and require your consent to identify you in your individual capacity. If you are a business customer, and have requested this, your business name and phone number may be included in public directories.
Sharing with senders and recipients of communications
. The name on your account, or a portion thereof, and/or your phone number may be displayed to people that you make calls to and to other users of the services so that they may contact you. Depending on the service you’re using, you may be able to control what’s displayed by adjusting your settings within the mobile app or your customer account, or by contacting customer care at the address provided when you signed up for the services.
Vonage affiliates; business transactions.
We share your Personal Data and other information with and among our corporate affiliates, for instance in order to operate and improve the services we provide to you; and we may share your information in connection with a sale, merger, financing, liquidation, or reorganization of our business or assets.
Credit control.
When permitted by applicable laws, we obtain credit reports on new customers in order to evaluate customers for the risk of non-payment. In the event of non- or late payment, we may furnish your name, address and other details to credit bureaus and other consumer reporting agencies. They may include that information in preparing credit reports and use that information in calculating credit scores provided to their customers.
How we protect your information
Vonage has implemented administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to help protect the Personal Data that we transmit and maintain.  Those measures are heightened for sensitive data such as Social Security numbers and payment account numbers. However, no system or service can provide a 100% guarantee of security, especially a service that relies upon the public internet. Therefore, you acknowledge the risk that third parties may gain unauthorized access to your Personal Data and other information. Keep your account password secret and please let us know immediately if you think your password was compromised. Remember, you are responsible for any activity under your account using your account password or other credentials.
Where we store your information and international transfers
Personal information held by Vonage is stored on and processed on computers situated in the UK, the EEA, the United States, and in other jurisdictions. We and/or our service providers also process data in some other countries for customer care, account management and service provisioning.
How long we store your information
We store your information until it is no longer necessary to provide the services or otherwise relevant for the purposes for which it was collected. This time period may vary depending on the type of information and the services used, as detailed below.
After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible (for example, because the information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible. We may also retain aggregate, de-identified or anonymized information beyond this time for, among other uses, research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services. We will take measures to prevent reidentification de-identified information retained or used for these purposes consistent with applicable law, and will not make efforts (or authorise others to make efforts) to re-identify it.
Customer account information
. We store your account information for as long as your account is active and a reasonable period thereafter in case you decide to re-activate the services, or for so long as we need to retain it for legitimate purposes, such as to collect debts, o comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, support business operations, and continue to develop and improve our services.
Communications usage information.
While you’re an active customer, we retain the communications usage information generated by your use of the services until the information is no longer necessary to provide our services, and for a reasonable time thereafter as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, support business operations, and continue to develop and improve our services.
Marketing information, cookies and web beacons.
If you receive marketing e-mails from us, we retain information about your e-mail marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our services, such as when you last opened an e-mail from us or visited our websites.  We also retain information regarding your giving or removal of consent as business records and to honour consent choices. We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
Device information.
We collect device-specific information from you when we have provided end user equipment to you, such as an analog telephone adapter or a VoIP phone, or you have installed our software on your device. If you do not revoke our access to this information via the privacy settings on your device, we will retain this information for as long as your account is active.
Notwithstanding with the above and the fact that we will generally store your personal data until it is no longer necessary to provide the services or otherwise relevant for the purposes for which it was collected, please note that we may also retain your information for a longer period of time to defend and/or protect our legal or business interests during the applicable statute of limitation period or as otherwise required by law, court order, or other applicable regulation.
How to access and control your information
Your choices.
To request deletion of your Vonage account, please contact our support team
here
or contact us at the contact information provided in this notice. You should know that deletion of your Vonage account will result in you permanently losing access to your account and all customer data to which you previously had access through your account. Please note that certain data associated with that account may nonetheless remain on Vonage’s servers in an aggregated or anonymized form that does not specifically identify you, or as otherwise noted above in the prior section. For instance,  data associated with your account that we are required by law to maintain will also not be deleted. If you are an end user of an application that uses Vonage’s services, you should direct requests for access and/or deletion of your data associated with that application to the relevant application provider in accordance with that application provider’s own privacy policy.
Access to your account information.
Consistent with applicable laws and data security requirements, we will reasonably honour written requests from you, submitted via the
exercise your rights
button at the top of this policy or to
our support team,
to access or amend your account information, such as name, address, and billing information. You are responsible for ensuring that the information on file with Vonage is current and accurate. You may access and update your account information by logging into your account or contacting us as described in this Privacy Policy. Where permitted by law, we may charge a reasonable fee to process requests for access to data and may limit the number of requests per year. Your right to amend your information is subject to our records retention policies.
Opt out of communications.
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by using some or all of the following methods: the unsubscribe link within each e-mail, updating your e-mail preferences within your service account settings menu, or by contacting us as provided below to have your contact information removed from our promotional e-mail list or registration database. Even after you opt out from receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive transactional messages from us regarding our services. Depending on your type of account with Vonage, you may be able to opt out of some notification messages in your account settings.
Your
privacy rights as a Resident of the US
.  If you are a resident of certain United States,
you may have broader or additional rights as explained in the
Additional Notices for Residents of the US
.
Mobile Information
No mobile information will be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. However, Vonage will exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
Your rights as an EEA UK resident
. If you are a resident of the EEA or UK, you may have broader or additional rights as explained in the Additional Notices for Residents of the EEA or UK section below.
Contact information
If you have questions or complaints about Vonage’s privacy practices and/or this privacy policy, we would like to help resolve your issue so please contact us at:
Email address:
privacy@vonage.com
Or write to us via post to:
Vonage
101 Crawfords Corner Rd, Suite 2416
Holmdel, NJ 07733 USA
Vonage commits to cooperate with the panel established by the EU or UK data protection authorities (DPAs) and/or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner and comply with the advice given by the panel and/or Commissioner with regard to data transferred from the EU, UK and/or Switzerland. Under certain conditions, EU individuals, UK individuals and Swiss individuals may invoke binding arbitration to resolve residual claims.
Commitments to Comply With the EU-US Data Protection Framework Commitment, UK Extension to the EU-US Data Protection Framework, and Swiss-US Data Protection Framework
Vonage Holdings Corp. and Vonage Business Inc. ("the US Vonage entities") comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) (collectively the "Principles") as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  The US Vonage entities have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that they adhere to the Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, with regard to the processing of personal data received from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and
with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
The US Vonage entities are accountable for and accepts liability for onward transfers to third parties.
The US Vonage entities are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”).
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
.
If you have any concerns or complaints regarding Vonage’s compliance with any of the Data Privacy Frameworks mentioned above, please contact us through the address and e-mail set forth in section “
How to contact us
” above. We will treat any concerns or complaints confidentially. We will promptly investigate any concern or complaint that you raise with us. You can also contact the
International Dispute Resolution Center-AAA
whom Vonage has selected as its dispute resolution provider under the EU-US Data Protection Framework.
Additional Notices for Residents of the US
Our US state Privacy Notice can be accessed
here
.
Additional Notice for residents of the EEA and UK
Our Additional Notice for residents of the EEA and UK can be accessed
here
.
Other important information
Information from children.
Vonage does not sell products or services for purchase by children and we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal data from children or teenagers under the age of eighteen. If you believe that a minor has disclosed personal data to Vonage, please contact us at privacy@vonage.com.
Changes to this policy.
In the event we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we’ll let you know by posting a notice on our website at
www.vonage.com/privacy-policy
and, in relation to substantive changes that broaden the types of personal data collected or their usage, we not apply the new policy to Personal Data collected under an inconsistent prior policy without notice.
Note for Vonage Integration Suite users.
Vonage's use of information received from Gmail APIs will adhere to
Google's Limited Use Requirements
.
Cookies and Tracking Notice
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device in order to facilitate and enhance your interaction with that service. We or our service providers may use cookies and equivalent technologies such as clear gifs, web beacons, pixel tags, Javascript, device fingerprinting, and third-party cookies on our website, apps, SDKs (software development kits), and, where relevant, in our promotional e-mails.
They also help us track users, conduct research, allow you to back click to earlier registration pages viewed by you and improve our content and services. For instance, we may use web beacons on our websites to access and set cookies and otherwise help us to better understand how users are moving through our websites. Information provided by the web beacon includes the computer’s IP address, the type of browser being used and the time that the web beacon was viewed. We may also use web beacons in e-mails and newsletters so that we know when such communications have been opened and to otherwise help us tailor our communications to individual users.
These technologies may track you on and off of our services, including across time and third party services.  Some browsers have so-called “do not track signals,” but there is not consistency in how they work or an industry consensus as to what they mean.   Accordingly, like many others, we do not look for or respond to these signals.  However, you can exercise control over these technologies as explained below.
Learn more about when and how we use cookies and tracking technologies and some of our service providers:
Strictly necessary
These cookies and other technologies are essential to the basic operations of our services. For instance, they enable us to recognize you when you return to our service and to maintain your web session so you can more easily navigate the subscription process or your viewing of your call details. They are also essential for you to access secure areas of our sites, for example, to use shopping baskets or make payments.
Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
We use third party data analytics enrichment services to identify anonymous visitors for analytics and targeting purposes. If a visitor is identified through the 3P enrichment service, supplemental firmographic data can be utilised for analytics, and marketing personalization.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. Some of the services on the website may not function properly should these cookies be off.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our sites, and provide us with information about the popularity of the pages and how visitors move around the site.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners, who may use the cookies to gather information about your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
How to control and delete cookies
Cookie banner
When you visit our website for the first time, a cookie consent banner will pop up and you will be able to customise your cookie preferences. Please note that Strictly Necessary Cookies cannot be disabled.
Using your browser
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see
www.aboutcookies.org
.
You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work. You will not be able to opt-out of any cookies or other technologies that are “strictly necessary” for the services. Where you have not set your permissions, we may also separately prompt you regarding our use of cookies on the site.
Use of  CAPTCHA
Our website and service platforms use CAPTCHA, (“Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Human Apart”), which are tools used to distinguish between real and automated users, such as bots. CAPTCHAs sometimes pose tasks that are easy for humans but difficult for computers to solve, or sometimes
r
un virtually invisible to the user. Some data may be collected and shared with Google such as:
Browser cookies
IP
Operating system
Mouse movements and keyboard strokes
Length of pauses between actions
Device settings (e.g. language or location),
You can access more details about CAPTCHA
here
.
5/7/2024, 11:29:33 AM
For a better experience, switch to a different browser.
You’re currently browsing in Internet Explorer 11. We recommend using a different browser to get the best experience on our website, like Chrome, Safari or Firefox.  Thanks!
Thu Mar 13 2025 12:57:58 GMT+0000 (Greenwich Mean Time)
We would like to store cookies on your device to enhance site functionality, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Please use the buttons below to accept or reject all optional cookies, or click “Cookie Settings” to customize the purposes for which we may store these cookies.
Cookie Settings
Reject Optional Cookies
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Privacy Preferences
This site uses cookies and similar tools, some of which are provided by third parties, to operate and improve our site, enable social media and other features, support our advertising and marketing, collect user data, IP address and online identifiers, referring URLs and other browsing information, and record user sessions. We and these third parties use this information to analyze and improve performance and usage, understand more about users, provide personalized experiences, and reach users with more relevant content and ads on this site and third-party sites. For more information, please see our privacy policy.
Vonage Privacy Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to your actions which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but then, some parts of the site will not work.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is provided to us in an aggregated, anonymous format. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. Those companies may use the cookies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label