Pages
HOME
Story of White Stone State
Drgon Ninja VR
China Coin Pusher
KONGFU PUNCH
WAR OF TANK 3D
GALAXY CRAFT
WOLF GIRL
Visual programming really does not require programming knowledge?
One person makes indie games
Advice for independent developers who have been in the game industry for 16 years
ALL Games
Support & About
Privacy Policy
Ever Blood 2
Privacy Policy
Introduction
DRILL Games values user privacy. When you use our services, we may collect and use your information. We hope that through this Privacy Policy we will show you how we collect, use, store and share this information and how we access, update, control and protect such information when using our services. This Privacy Policy is relevant to the services you use, and you are encouraged to read and, if necessary, follow the guidelines in this Privacy Policy to make the choices you deem appropriate. The technical terms used in this Privacy Policy are intended to be concise and concise, and provide links to further explanations for your understanding.
By using or continuing to use our services, you agree to our collection, use, storage and sharing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may collect information
We may collect, store and use the following information relating to you when we provide services. If you do not provide this information, you may not be able to register as a user, or you will not be able to access certain services we offer, or will not be able to achieve the desired results.
The information you provide
The personal information you provide to us when you register your account or use our services, such as phone numbers, e-mails, or bank card numbers;
The sharing information you provide to others through our services, and the information stored when you use our services.
Other parties share your information
Information that is shared with other parties when using our services.
We obtain your information
When you use the Service, we may collect the following information:
Log information refers to technical information that the system may automatically collect through cookies, web beacons, or other means when you use our services, including:
Device or software information such as the configuration information provided by your mobile device, web browser or other program used to access our services, your IP address and the version and device ID used by your mobile device,
Such as the web search terms you use, the URL of the social media page you visit, and other information and content details that you may browse or request when you use our services;
Information about the mobile applications (APP) and other software you have used, and information about your use of the mobile applications and software;
The information you have communicated through our services, such as the account you have communicated, and the communication time, data and duration;
The information (metadata) contained in the content that you share through our services, such as the date, time, or location of shared photos or videos that were taken or uploaded.
Location information refers to the information you collect about your location when you turn on device targeting and use our location-based services, including:
Your geographic location information collected via GPS or WiFi when using our services with mobile devices with location targeting;
Real-time information that you or other users provide about your location, such as the region you include in your account information, the sharing information that you or someone else has uploaded showing your current or former location Or geo-tagged information contained in photos shared by others;
You can stop the collection of your location by turning off location targeting.
How we may use information
We may use the information collected during the course of providing the Services to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with services;
We guarantee the security of the products and services we provide to you when we provide services for authentication, customer service, security, fraud monitoring, archiving and backup purposes;
Help us design new services and improve our existing services;
To better understand how you access and use our services to respond specifically to your individual needs, such as language settings, location settings, personalized help services and instructions, or to other users of your and other Response;
To provide you with ads that are more relevant to you as an alternative to a popular ad.
To evaluate the effectiveness of advertising and other promotional and promotional activities in our services and to improve them;
Software certification or management software upgrades;
Let you participate in the investigation of our products and services.
In order to give you a better experience, to improve our services or other purposes you agree to, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations under the premise, we may be a service collected by the information collected in a personalized or personalized way , Used for our other services. For example, the information collected when you use one of our services may be used to provide specific content to you in another service or to show you information that is not generally pervasive. You may also authorize us to use the information provided and stored by the service for our other services if we provide the option in the relevant service.
How you access and control your personal information
We will do everything possible to take appropriate technical measures to ensure that you can access, update and correct your registration information or use our services provided by other personal information. When accessing, updating, correcting, and deleting the foregoing information, we may require you to authenticate to secure your account.
We may share information
We and our affiliates do not share your personal information with any third parties without your consent except as follows:
We, as well as our affiliates, may use your personal information with our affiliates, partners and third party service providers, contractors and agents, such as communications service providers who send us e-mail or push notifications, (Which may not be located in your jurisdiction) for the following purposes:
To provide you with our services;
The purposes described in the section "How We may Use Information";
Understand, maintain and improve our services.
If we or our affiliates share your personal information with any of the third parties mentioned above, we will endeavor to ensure that such third parties are in compliance with this Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidential and confidential information we may require to comply with your personal information Safety measures.
As our business continues to grow, we and our affiliates may be merged, acquired, transferred, or the like, and your personal information may be transferred as part of such transactions. We will notify you before the transfer.
We or our affiliates may also retain, preserve or disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
Comply with applicable laws and regulations;
Comply with court orders or other legal process;
Comply with the requirements of the relevant government agencies;
In order to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to safeguard the public interest, or to protect our customers, us or our group company, other users or employees of the physical and property safety or legitimate interests reasonably necessary for the purpose.
Information security
We retain your personal information only for such period of time as is necessary for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy and as required by applicable laws and regulations.
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to protect against loss of information, improper use, unauthorized viewing or disclosure. For example, in some services, we will use encryption technology (such as SSL) to protect your personal information provided. However, please understand that, due to technical limitations and possible malicious means, in the Internet industry, even if the best possible to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always ensure 100% security information. You need to understand that the systems and communications networks you use to access our services may be problematic because of factors outside our control.
Information you share
Many of our services allow you to share your information publicly, not only with your social network, but also with all users who use the service, such as information you upload or post in our services, including your public Personal information, lists you create), your responses to information uploaded or posted by others, and include location data and log information related to such information. Other users who use our services may also share information about you (including location data and log information). In particular, our social media services are designed to enable you to share information with users all over the world, allowing you to share information in real time and widely. As long as you do not delete the shared information, the information will remain in the public domain; even if you delete the shared information, the information may be cached, copied or stored independently by other users or unaffiliated third parties not under our control, The User or such Third Parties shall maintain the Public Domain.
Therefore, please carefully consider the content that we upload, post, and communicate through our services. In some cases, you can control the range of users who have access to your shared information through the privacy settings of some of our services. If you are required to remove your information from our services, please do so in the manner provided by these special terms of service.
Sensitive personal information you share
Certain personal information may be considered sensitive to personal information, such as your race, religion, personal health and medical information, because of its specificity. Sensitive personal information is subject to more stringent protection than other personal information.
Please note that content and information you provide, upload, or post when you use our services, such as photos about your social activities, may reveal sensitive personal information about you. You need to carefully consider whether to disclose sensitive personal information when using our services.
You agree to process your sensitive personal information in accordance with the purposes and manner described in this Privacy Policy.
How we might collect information
We or our third party partners may collect and use your information through cookies and web beacons and store such information as log information.
We use our own cookies and web beacons for the purpose of providing you with a more personalized user experience and service for the following purposes:
Remember your identity. For example, cookies and web beacons help us identify you as our registered user, or save your preferences or other information that you provide to us;
Analyze your use of our services. For example, we can use cookies and web beacons to understand what you're doing with our services, or which pages or services are most popular with you;
Ad optimization. Cookies and web beacons help us provide you with relevant ads based on your information, rather than on popular ad serving.
While we use cookies and web beacons for the above purpose, non-personally identifiable information collected through cookies and web beacons may be processed and provided to advertisers or other partners for analysis of how users use our services and use In advertising services.
Our products and services may include cookies and web beacons placed by advertisers or other partners. These cookies and web beacons may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in order to analyze how users use those services, to send you ads that may be of interest to you, or to evaluate the effectiveness of your advertising services. These third party cookies and web beacons collect and use such information and are not bound by this Privacy Policy but are subject to the privacy policies of the respective users and we are not responsible for third party cookies or web beacons.
You can refuse or manage cookies or web beacons through your browser settings. However, please note that if you disable cookies or web beacons, you may not be able to enjoy the best service experience, and some services may not work properly. You'll also receive the same number of ads, but your ads will be less relevant to you.
Advertising Services
We may use your information to provide you with ads that are more relevant to you.
We may also use your information to send you marketing information through our services, by email or otherwise, to provide or promote the following goods and services of us or third parties:
Our goods or services, our affiliates and partners, goods or services, including instant messaging services, online media services, interactive entertainment services, social networking services, payment services, Internet search services, location and mapping services, application software and Services, data management software and services, online advertising services, Internet finance, and other social media, entertainment, e-commerce, information and communication software or services (collectively "Internet Services");
Third-party Internet service providers, and third-party goods or services related to food and catering, sports, music, movies, television, live and other arts and entertainment, books, magazines and other publications, clothing and accessories, jewelry Home appliances, home furnishings and furnishings, pets, cars, hotels, transport and tourism, banking, insurance and other financial services, membership points and incentive programs, and we believe that Other products or services that may be relevant to you.
If you do not wish us to use your personal information for the purpose of advertising as described above, you may request that we stop using your personal information for the purpose described above, either through our advertising tips or by providing guidance in specific services.
We may send you messages and messages
Mail and information push
When you use our services, we may use your information to send e-mail, news, or push notifications to your device. If you do not wish to receive this information, you can opt-out on your device by following our tips.
Announcements relating to services
We may issue a service-related announcement to you when necessary, such as when a service is suspended due to system maintenance. You may not be able to cancel these services related to the nature of the notice does not belong to the promotion.
The exception to this Privacy Policy applies
Our services may include or link to social media or other services (including web sites) provided by third parties. E.g:
You use the "Share" button to share certain content to our services, or you use a third party connection service to log in to our service. These features may collect information about you (including your log information), and may be in your computer device cookies, thus the normal operation of the above functions;
We provide you with links to advertisements or other means of our services that allow you to access third party services or websites.
Such third party social media or other services may be operated by an associated third party or by us. Your use of such third party social media services or other services, including any personal information you provide to such third parties, is subject to the third party's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy (as opposed to the Universal Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy) Privacy Policy "), you are required to review its Terms of Use carefully. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect and does not apply to the services provided by third parties or to the use of information by third parties and we are not responsible for the use of the information provided by you by any third party.
Minors use our services
Parents or guardians are encouraged to instruct minors under 18 years of age to use our services. We recommend that minors encourage their parents or guardians to read this Privacy Policy and recommend that minors seek parental or guardian consent and guidance before submitting personal information.
The scope of the privacy policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our services except certain services. These specific services will be subject to specific privacy policies. The specific privacy policies for certain services will be more specific about how we use your information in those services. The privacy policy for that particular service forms part of this Privacy Policy. If there is a discrepancy between the privacy policy of the particular service and this Privacy Policy, the privacy policy of that particular service applies.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the following:
Information collected by third-party services (including any third-party web sites) accessed through our services;
Information collected through other companies or agencies that advertise in our services.
Change
We may revise the terms of this Privacy Policy as part of this Privacy Policy. If such revisions result in a substantial reduction in your rights under this Privacy Policy, we will promptly notify you by emailing or otherwise sending you a prominent position on the Home page prior to the effective date of the amendment. In such a case, if you continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
Pageviews last month
3
0
6
Featured Post
Story of White Stone State
白石洲往事 Steam     Google Play     App Store Game introduction  learn More Time setting: around 2000 - present Location setting: Baishizhou, a ...
Blog Archive
Blog Archive
July (1)
June (1)
June (1)
May (1)
July (1)
June (1)
April (1)
January (2)
October (1)
December (1)
November (3)
About Me
DRILL Games
View my complete profile
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it