Home
Airline Policies
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Updated as of April 19, 2023
Cebu Pacific
(“Cebu Pacific”) is committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your Personal Information.
We have written this Privacy Policy to let you know how we use your Personal Information. In it, we explain the types of Personal Information we collect, how we collect it, what we use it for and who we may share your Personal Information with.
This Privacy Policy is divided into several sections.
This Privacy Policy comes into effect from April 19, 2023 and replaces our previous Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to all information we process about you in connection with your relationship with us as a customer or potential customer.
We want to help you understand how we handle your Personal Information when you interact with us and what you need to know about the Personal Information we collect, use and share about you. You can also find out about the rights and controls you have over the information you've entrusted to us, and about the obligations we have to protect it.
What this Privacy Policy covers
This Privacy Policy covers all Personal Information about you that we collect, use and otherwise process in connection with your relationship with Cebu Pacific as a customer or potential customer. By “Personal Information” we mean information about you, where you are, or information that could identify you, such as your name and contact details, your travel arrangements and purchase history and information about your access to our websites.
As an international airline, we need to collect Personal Information about our customers. We need to use and share this information to offer the best possible air travel experience and to keep our customers and employees safe and secure. We also need to protect the Personal Information you entrust us with.
Membership in Go Rewards is covered by a further
privacy policy
. Users may sign up or log in to their MyCebuPacific account using their Go Rewards. In which case, users acknowledge that these privacy policies will apply.
The way we handle your Personal Information is crucial to earning and maintaining this trust. Our privacy commitment applies no matter where in the world you use our products and services.
What are your Data Protection Rights?
Your Data Protection Rights
The Philippine Data Privacy Act (DPA) of 2012 gives you specific data subject rights in relation to your personal information. These rights and how to exercise them are set out below.
Your rights include the following based on the DPA:
Right to be Informed
. Cebu Pacific values your right as a data subject to be informed about whether personal information about you shall be, are being, or have been processed, including the existence of automated decision-making and profiling. This is done by Cebu Pacific by presenting a privacy notice to you for any data processing activity that will be done.
You may check the following sections of our Privacy Policy.
(a) “What types of Personal Information do we collect and process” describes the personal information entered into Cebu Pacific’s system; (b) “What do we use your Personal Information for” describes Cebu Pacific’s purposes for which your personal information is being or will be processed; (c) “What this Privacy Policy covers” describes the bases of Cebu Pacific processing your personal information; (d) “When do we collect Personal Information about you?” describes the scope and method of Cebu Pacific personal data processing; (e) “Who do we share your Personal Information with?” describes the recipients or classes of recipients with whom your personal information are or may be disclosed; (f) “More Information” describes Cebu Pacific’s identity and contact details; and (g) “Retention and Deletion of your Personal Information” describes the period for which your personal information will be stored or retained by Cebu Pacific.
Right to Object
. As a data subject, Cebu Pacific recognizes that you can object to the processing of your personal information or to automated decision-making based on your personal information. You may also request from Cebu Pacific to suspend such processing. The processing however should be based on your consent or legitimate interest of Cebu Pacific (see the section on "What do we use your personal information for"). Your right to object shall be subject to processing pursuant to a subpoena, contractual purposes, or a result of a legal obligation.
You can exercise this right through any of the following. Any of the below methods follows procedures that will require you to verify your identity and subject to the submission of supporting documents.
(a) Send an email to
DPO@CebuPacificAir.com
; (b) Contact Customer Care using
Charlie the Chatbot through Cebu Pacific’s Facebook Messenger
, website, or application; or (c) Click the Manage Subscription link in our marketing materials.
Right to Access
. Upon request from Cebu Pacific, you as a data subject may access your personal information or inquire on how your personal information is being processed using any of the following methods. Any of the below methods follows procedures that will require you to verify your identity and subject to the submission of supporting documents.
(a) Use our Manage Booking page available at
https://www.cebupacificair.com/manage-booking
or using CEB’s mobile application; (b) Send an email to
DPO@CebuPacificAir.com
; or (c) Contact Customer Care using
Charlie the Chatbot through Cebu Pacific’s Facebook Messenger
, website, or application.
When applicable, the following instances may limit your right to access:
(a) Publicly available information (b) Repeated requests (c) Requests which will entail disproportionate effort (d) Consideration of the safety of the data subject
Right to Rectification
. Subject to applicable laws and regulations, Cebu Pacific acknowledges your right as a data subject to dispute the inaccuracy or error in your personal information. You may request to correct or complete the same within a reasonable period of time using any of the following methods. Any of the methods follows procedures that will require you to verify your identity and subject to the submission of supporting documents.
(a) Use our Manage Booking page available at
https://www.cebupacificair.com/manage-booking
or using CEB’s mobile application; (b) Send an email to
DPO@CebuPacificAir.com
; or (c) Contact our Customer Care using
Charlie the Chatbot through Cebu Pacific’s Facebook Messenger
, website, or application.
Right to Erasure or Blocking
. Cebu Pacific may act upon your request as a data subject for the suspension, withdrawal, blocking, removal, or destruction of your personal information in any of the following situations.
(a) Your personal information is:
incomplete, outdated, false, or unlawfully obtained;
used for an unauthorized purpose;
no longer necessary for the purpose(s) for which they were collected; or
concerns private information that is prejudicial to you, unless justified by freedom of speech, of expression, or of the press, or otherwise authorized (in such case, Cebu Pacific may deny the request);
(b) The data subject objects to the processing, and there are no other applicable lawful criteria for processing; (c) The processing is unlawful; or (d) Your rights as a data subject are violated.
You can exercise this right through any of the following. Any of the below methods follows procedures that will require you to verify your identity and subject to the submission of supporting documents.
(a) Send an email to
DPO@CebuPacificAir.com
; (b) Contact our Customer Care using
Charlie the Chatbot through Cebu Pacific’s Facebook Messenger
, website, or application; or (c) Click the Manage Subscription link in our marketing materials.
Right to Data Portability
. Cebu Pacific may likewise provide upon request a copy of your personal information as a data subject. You can exercise this right through any of the following. Any of the below methods follows procedures that will require you to verify your identity and subject to the submission of supporting documents.
(a) Send an email to
DPO@CebuPacificAir.com
; (b) Contact our Customer Care using
Charlie the Chatbot through Cebu Pacific’s Facebook Messenger
, website, or application; or (c) Click the Manage Subscription link in our marketing materials.
Right to Damages
. As a data subject, you may be indemnified for any damages sustained due to inaccurate, incomplete, outdated, false, unlawfully obtained, or unauthorized use of your personal information, taking into account any violation of your rights and freedoms as data subject. Subject to Cebu Pacific’s lawful defenses, Cebu Pacific shall comply with the relevant provisions of the Data Privacy Act regarding compensation in the event of a final judgment that the data subject suffered damages due to false, unlawfully obtained, or unauthorized use of personal information.
Cebu Pacific understands that your rights as a data subject apply to your personal information. If you are exercising on behalf of another data subject, Cebu Pacific will require a signed letter of authority from the relevant data subject. In addition, Cebu Pacific will conduct strict verification and validation procedures for the protection of the data subjects.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information or to exercise any of the other rights. However, Cebu Pacific may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, Cebu Pacific may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
When do we collect Personal Information?
We collect Personal Information about you whenever you use our services (whether services provided directly by us or by other companies or agents acting on our behalf), when you travel with us, you may sign up or login in to your MyCebuPacific account using your Go Rewards account and we will also be collecting Personal Information for this purpose, or when you use our websites, or contact centers and mobile applications.
We need to interact across our business and with external third parties to collect your information and provide you with the travel experience, products and services you request. This may include interactions about bookings, shopping, parking and other transactions, communications and marketing, programs and membership services, employment applications, competitions, promotions and surveys, visiting our websites and using our applications.
How we collect your information will differ depending on the circumstances when we interact with you and the services or products you request.
We may collect your information through trusted parties, such as travel agents, corporate travel arrangers, financial, business and retail partner programs, other airlines and alliances, call centers, freight companies, airport and aviation security and management, other airlines, marketing and analytical services, competitions, promotions and survey providers, and regulatory authorities such as immigration, customs and border security services.
We may also collect your information that is publicly available, for example through social media or public directories.
What types of Personal Information do we collect and process?
We collect and may process Personal Information about you, about your travel arrangements, about how you use our services and about how you use our websites (including information about which pages you view), call centers and mobile applications. This could include information you provide us directly or information collected that you have provided to other sources:
Booking information
- we collect the Personal Information you provide about your flight or freight bookings or requests for other travel related services, including your name, gender, contact details, date of birth, nationality, passport details, credit card details, bank account details, special meal or assistance requests, frequent flyer details, flight details, flight preferences and information about other people you are travelling with and unaccompanied minors. This includes information about services we have provided to you in the past, including your previous travel arrangements and related matters.
Check-in information
- when you check in extra baggage or over-sized baggage we need to collect contact and baggage details.
CCTV
- where you see signs in airports or elsewhere telling you that CCTV cameras are in operation, we are collecting CCTV footage of our employees and customers.
Call recording
- when you call any of our customer service lines, we may record the call.
Chat transcription recording
- when you chat with our Charlie the Chatbot or our live agents, we will store live chat transcripts.
Shopping directly
- when you shop with us, we'll collect your purchase details, including your name, contact details, credit card details as well as details of delivery of items purchased.
Shopping indirectly
- if you are shopping indirectly such as booking travel insurance or other services provided by third parties which we act as sales agent for, we will collect your name, address, contact phone number and email, credit card details, and if relevant, your travel details (such as flight number).
Compliments, complaints or concerns
- we collect information about your interactions with us, our staff and/or crew, including any compliments, complaints or concerns raised or any incidents which involve you or those you are travelling with (e.g. we may note if you have posted about us on social media, or commented to one of our staff members about the service you received on board one of our flights).
Business, corporate and government travel programs
- if you are travelling under one of our business, corporate or government travel programs, we will also collect your traveler profile details relevant to employment travel, which may include travel arranger details, business contact and cost center details, your preferences for hotels and other related products or services and any additional travel related information you provide.
Please note that if you make bookings or request other services for other people, such as your family, friends or employees, you must ensure that you are authorized to provide us with their Personal Information or amend it and that they know about this privacy statement. We will proceed on the basis that you have obtained their authorization.
In some countries, sensitive Personal Information is managed differently to other Personal Information. Sometimes we must disclose sensitive Personal Information to provide services to our customers (passport details for example contain sensitive Personal Information such as your biometric facial image and your credit card transactions contain financial information). Sensitive Personal Information includes Personal Information about the following:
Physical or mental health
Biometric information
Religious beliefs
Race
Financial (payments)
Criminal history
We may collect sensitive Personal Information from you directly (or via a reservation agent), for example where you tell us about your health conditions that may impact on your flight or the services you require.
We may also collect sensitive Personal Information from other airlines and agencies, particularly where this information relates to disruptive behavior or any issues that may impact on customer or employee safety or security.
Wherever we have collected it, we will treat sensitive Personal Information carefully.
If you choose not to provide us with any Personal Information we require from you, we may not be able to provide you with the products or services you have requested.
What do we use your Personal Information for?
We collect Personal Information about you so that we can provide you with the products and services you've requested from us, safely and effectively. We may use Personal Information to:
Verify your identity and contact details
Provide the products and services you request, including flight and other related bookings, catering services, ground handling services or special assistance services
Communicate with you and process your requests
Enable your access to and support for our website
Operate our call centers, customer relations and support
Offer and administer our competitions, surveys, promotions, marketing, events and travel sales functions
Provide electronic funds transfer services, credit card account processing and related services
Respond and manage any inquiries, requests, comments, complaints or incidents raised with us
Notify you of flight information (including delays or disruptions) and flight reminder alerts
Enable the secure and safe travel of unaccompanied minors during their travel with us and to their information post journey
Manage the safety and security of our customers, employees, aircraft and operations
Monitor our employees' performance, the quality and testing of our services and systems and to train our employees
Other specified and legitimate purposes determined and declared before, or as soon as reasonably practicable after collection
Who do we share your Personal Information with?
In order to facilitate your travel arrangements, we will often need to share your Personal Information with third parties including other airlines and airport operators, customs and immigration authorities, travel agents involved in making your travel arrangements and our customer loyalty partners. We also share your Personal Information with third parties who deliver services either to you or to us, such as companies that provide airport assistance or marketing agencies.
However, Cebu Pacific is not responsible for third parties’ use of your information where such use is permitted for their own purposes, and you should consult their privacy policies for further information.
We do not sell Personal Information to third parties, and we only allow third parties outside Cebu Pacific to send you marketing information where we have your permission to do so. To ensure that we can provide you with the products and services you have requested from us, we may need to disclose your Personal Information to trusted third parties, including:
Our agents or service providers (such as reservation agents, catering agents, travel service providers, freight providers, and airport management for ground handling services) to facilitate your travel and any other requests you've made
Other passengers named on your booking as part of the online check-in process
Employees of handling agents offshore for ensuring safe chain of custody throughout an unaccompanied minor’s journey with us
Our data and technology service providers to support our systems, data processing and storage, infrastructure and network communications, and development of software and systems
Regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies such as immigration, customs, border security control for legal compliance and to ensure the safety of our customers, passengers and employees
Forensic and investigatory service providers for investigating a data breach or incident
Our partners who conduct marketing and market research, statistical or business analysis
Your employer if you travel on a corporate, government or business program for reporting and incident management
Providers of information assurance services who we have entered agreements with
How we look after the Privacy Policy?
We will keep this Privacy Policy under review and notify you of any changes by posting the revised policy on our website at
www.cebupacificair.com
.
How will we inform you of changes to this Privacy Policy?
If we change this Privacy Policy, we will let you know about the changes by publishing the updated version on our website. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and will continue to do so in any future changes we make to this Privacy Policy.
When do we collect Personal Information about you?
We collect Personal Information about you when you use our services (whether directly provided by us or by another company or agent), when you travel with us, and when you use our website, call centers or mobile applications, including, for example:
when you book or search for a flight or other products or services on our website
when you book or search for a flight or other products or services through our other sales channels, such as through a travel agent
if you join customer programs
when you contact our call centers or service agents
when you travel with us and use airports where we operate
if you complete a customer survey or provide us with feedback
if you enter a competition or register for a promotion
if you choose to interact with us via social media, such as Facebook or Twitter
In addition, we may receive Personal Information about you from third parties, such as:
companies contracted by us to provide services to you
companies involved in your travel plans, including airlines involved in your prior or onward journey, relevant airport operators and customs and immigration authorities
companies that participate in our loyalty schemes and other customer programs
When, and why, do we collect 'sensitive Personal Information'?
Certain categories of Personal Information, such as that about race, ethnicity, religion or health, are considered “sensitive Personal Information” under the Data Privacy Act 2012. Generally, we try to limit the circumstances where we process sensitive Personal Information. However, this can occasionally occur because:
you have requested specific medical assistance from us and/or an airport operator, such as the provision of wheelchair assistance or oxygen, or,
you have sought clearance from us to fly with a medical condition or because you are more than 28 weeks pregnant, or,
you have otherwise chosen to provide such information to us (or a third party such as the travel agent through which you made your booking)
In addition, you may have made other requests in connection with making your travel arrangements that may possibly imply or suggest something about you that could be considered as “sensitive Personal Information”. For example, if you request a particular type of special meal this may imply or suggest that you hold particular religious beliefs or have a particular medical condition.
By providing any Personal Information that is, or could be considered to be, “sensitive Personal Information” you explicitly agree that we may collect, use, share with third parties and transfer this Personal Information, as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you withdraw your consent, it may mean we will not be able to provide all or parts of the services you have requested from us. Please be aware that in these circumstances you will not be able to cancel or obtain a refund of any fees you have paid.
How do we collect and use web usage data?
When you visit our websites, we may collect and process information about your website usage (e.g., your browsing history and information about your navigation through our website) using “cookies” and other similar technologies. For more details of the methods please see
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
How do we collect and use geo-location information?
When you use our websites, mobile websites and applications we collect information about your location based on your IP address. An IP address (i.e., an Internet Protocol address) is a numeric code that can act as a unique identifier for your computer or other access device and can be used to indicate the country from which you are accessing the relevant website or application. Knowing the country you are likely to be in enables us to provide more relevant content and do so in an appropriate language. We also use this information to analyze how our website users interact with our websites.
If we have your permission to do so, we may also use the functionality on your mobile device (such as Bluetooth and GPS) and/or information based on Wi-Fi and/or mobile phone mast locations to determine your approximate location so that we may provide you with more relevant content and services. We only do this where you have provided your consent to the use of location data, which may typically be provided (or withdrawn) by adjusting the settings of your mobile device.
How can you get a copy and amend Personal Information you have provided?
You may request a copy of any personal data about you held by Cebu Pacific which may entail an administrative fee. You can edit your Personal Information and preferences at any time, including whether you want Cebu Pacific to contact you about specials and new products.
You can correct your passport details and Go Rewards number through Manage Booking and during web check-in. You need only to provide your booking reference number, last name, and first name to be able to retrieve your booking. Once the booking is retrieved, web check-in and manage booking can already be done thru self-service online. To request a copy of your Personal Information we hold and for other requests or off-line transactions, please contact our Customer Care using
Charlie the Chatbot through Cebu Pacific’s Facebook Messenger
, website, or through CEB’s mobile application.
Travel arrangements
We will use your personal information to fulfill your travel arrangements and to deliver the services you have asked for. This may include processing information about travel arrangements that are not provided by Cebu Pacific but which nevertheless form part of your overall journey, such as details of your connecting flights, arrangements at airports and customs and immigration formalities.
When you are travelling with us and using airports at which we operate, we may have the ability to monitor where you are within the airport, for example, based on your having passed through security checks or having presented your boarding pass to gain access to one of our lounges. This information may be used to assist with flight connections and with the prompt and effective boarding of aircraft, as well as to provide a personalized service.
Please also be aware that in some airports where we operate, facial recognition and related biometric technology is used in order to facilitate passenger boarding.
Providing tailored services
We may use your Personal Information to provide services tailored to your requirements and treat you more personally, for example:
to deliver messages and information that we think is relevant and may be of interest to you, prior to, during, and after your travel with us
to personalize the services, content and offers on our websites and other sales and servicing channels
to personalize and tailor your travel experience
Examples of how we may use your Personal Information to provide a tailored, improved service may include our cabin crew and other staff being made aware of other aspects of your travel history with us, such as airport disruption that you have previously experienced, lost luggage, etc.
Service communications
Even if you have opted-out of receiving marketing information from us, we may still send you communications about the services you have booked to use, such as your travel itinerary. These communications will help you get the most from the services we provide and may also contain options and offers about the services you will be using (e.g., prepaid seating requests, additional baggage, and pre-booked meals).
We may also send you communications about the services you have previously used, for example, where you experienced some form of issue or problem, and we wish to contact you about it proactively in order to resolve it.
Customer surveys
We occasionally run customer surveys to understand more about the way people use our services and how we could improve them. Participation in any research is confidential and voluntary, and results are handled in such a way that they do not identify individual respondents, unless you advise us when completing the survey that you wish to be contacted by us. For the purpose of analyzing survey data, we may combine your answers with other data which we have, but we will do so in a way that does not affect the anonymity of the survey results.
However, in some cases it may help us improve your experience with us in the future if you permit us to record some of the preferences and other information you provide in the survey as part of your customer record. If you are happy for us to do so, then please respond accordingly in your survey response (where you have the opportunity to do so).
Administrative purposes
We may use and retain your Personal Information, including your purchase history, for administrative purposes, which may include for example, accounting and billing, auditing, credit or other payment card verification, anti-fraud screening (including the use of credit reference agency searches and payment card validation checks), immigration and customs control, safety, security, health, administrative and legal purposes and systems testing, maintenance and development.
Marketing
We may use and retain your Personal Information to provide you with more relevant marketing communications.
The information is used for the following marketing-related purposes:
tailoring our direct marketing communications (e.g., sending you marketing emails) to include offers and content relevant to you. These communications may be tailored to you based on the information that we hold, such as your prior travel history, etc.
tailoring and tracking our Internet banner advertisements and links from our marketing partners' websites to our website
the operation of customer programs
statistical and marketing analysis
sales and marketing research
page tracking usage and paths visitors use through our site
tailoring the site content
We may also combine your web usage data with other information we have about you. By way of some examples, this may include whether you have arrived at our site through a marketing email sent to you, your booking and passenger name data you have entered, or previous web usage data stored by a cookie.
When will you send marketing communications?
You may receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or made a booking with us, or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion (and have not expressed a preference not to receive such communications).
You can agree to be sent offers and promotions by registering on this website or in the course of making any booking or requesting information. We try to make sure that you do not receive duplicate communications even if you have agreed to receive marketing communications in more than one of those ways.
Please be aware that we do sometimes send marketing communications that promote a third party’s products and services as well as our own and you may receive communications from third parties directly for related products and services. We will ensure we have an agreement with any third party that protects your Personal Information, and you can change your preferences at any time.
How can you change what marketing communications you receive and how you receive them?
If you change your mind about the marketing communications you want to receive from us, you can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting our Customer Care using
Charlie the Chatbot through Cebu Pacific’s Facebook Messenger
, website, or application.
In addition, each marketing communication we send by email will also have an “unsubscribe” option which will allow you to stop receiving further marketing emails.
Please note that if you tell us that you do not wish to receive further marketing communications, you will still receive “service” communications (as described above) confirming and servicing any bookings you may have with us.
In addition to using the ‘unsubscribe’ link in emails, if you receive marketing communications from us because we obtained your details when you made a booking or requested information or when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion, you can tell us at any time thru our Call Center or Customer Care using
Charlie the Chatbot through Cebu Pacific’s Facebook Messenger
, website, or through the CEB mobile application, that you do not wish to receive these marketing communications.
Customs and Immigration Authorities
Cebu Pacific and other airlines are required by laws in the USA and other countries to give border control agencies access to booking and travel information. Therefore, any information we hold about you and your travel arrangements may be disclosed to the customs and immigration authorities of any country in your itinerary.
In addition, laws in several countries require Cebu Pacific and other airlines to collect passport and associated information for all passengers prior to travel to or from those countries. When required, Cebu Pacific will provide this information to the relevant customs and immigration authorities.
What countries will your Personal Information be sent to?
Your Personal Information may be sent to and stored by us and third parties in countries outside the country in which you are located and in particular the Philippines, Australia, Singapore, United States, and United Kingdom where our data storage or third-party processing facilities are located. This occurs in the course of providing your travel arrangements and because our business and the third parties have operations in countries across the world. This may involve sending your data to countries where under their local laws you may have fewer legal rights. However, wherever we store your information we will treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
By continuing to use our services, the website and by providing any Personal Information, you consent to such transfers, storing and processing of your Personal Information outside the country in which you are located, including to countries where under their local laws you may have fewer legal rights.
How can you keep your Personal Information secure?
We understand how important it is that your information is kept secure. We take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Information we hold is protected against loss, and unauthorized access, use, modification or disclosure. As part of this, we:
Use only secure servers
Use industry standard encryption for the transmission of Personal Information on Cebu Pacific websites, for example when you pay by credit card online. Known as SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) protocol, you can check this is active by looking for the padlock symbol on many browsers. SSL allows a secure connection between your internet browser and our internet server, using a private (or secret) key to encrypt the information.
Require any third-party suppliers we use to agree to confidentiality policies that includes specific reference to our privacy and data protection expectations and requirements for both information and physical security
Require any third-party suppliers who handle Personal Information to comply with global data protection legislation relevant to the services they are providing and with our internal information security and other relevant policies such as cloud security requirements
Ensure that our employees and service providers have access to only the Personal Information they need to do their jobs and understand that they should not look for Personal Information about family or friends at any time
Train our employees to ensure that they understand how to handle the Personal Information you have entrusted to us
Require our employees to be aware of our privacy expectations to respond to any breach of security swiftly and effectively, as set out in Cebu Pacific’s internal information security policy, privacy policy and data breach response process.
Keep your booking reference confidential
When you make a booking, you will be given a booking reference (also known as a PNR or Passenger Name Record). This will appear on the email confirmation or ticket of each person in your booking. You should keep your booking reference confidential at all times.
Giving your booking reference to others may allow them to access your booking details through our system. If you are travelling with others and would not like your individual booking details to be accessible by them, you may prefer to have each person make separate bookings, to be paid for individually.
Keep your Registered Customer log-in details confidential
To make sure your access to our websites, other online services, and mobile applications is secure, you should not share your log in details with anyone else. When you finish using the website, online services or mobile application you should log out if others may be able to access your computer or device. This is especially important if you are using a publicly accessible computer.
Be aware of and protect yourself against internet fraud and "phishing"
There is an Internet fraud practice known as "Phishing" which is the illegal gathering of Personal Information by deception. Unsolicited emails are sent to individuals from lists illegally gathered by a third party, and recipients are asked to enter or reconfirm bank or password details into a 'cloned' or illegal copy website.
For your protection please be aware of the following guidance:
Our Customer Care team might ask for your bank details if they are going to credit your account directly, after you have raised a claim with us.
You will only be asked for your card payment details if you wish to change or refund your booking on
www.cebupacificair.com
. We require this information specifically to debit or credit your card in relation to your booking.
Legitimate emails from Cebu Pacific will contain your booking reference and the email will not have been sent from a web-based mail server such as Gmail, Hotmail or Yahoo.
Cebu Pacific will never request money payments through a third party, such as Western Union, GCash, LBC, or other remittance business centers.
If you have reason to suspect an email claiming to be from Cebu Pacific is fraudulent, please
contact us
immediately. We will investigate its authenticity and take appropriate action.
Retention and Deletion of your Personal Information
We retain the Personal Information we collect only if we need it to support justifiable business requirements or when our lawful purposes for using the information are still relevant. When we no longer require Personal Information, we or our third-party suppliers will securely delete and/or archive the information.
Prev
1
2
3
4
5
Next
More Information
For more information on Cebu Pacific’s Privacy Policy, you may contact us by accessing the
Official Newsletter
of Cebu Pacific's Data Privacy Office or by using the details indicated below:
Name
: Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Email
:
DPO@cebupacificair.com
Address
: Cebu Pacific Building, Domestic Airport Road, Pasay City, 1301 Philippines
Cookie Policy
This is the Cookie Policy for Cebu Pacific (“Cebu Pacific”).
What Are Cookies
Cebu Pacific website/application uses “cookies” or tiny files downloaded to your computer/device to improve your experience. This page describes what information we gather, how we use it, and why we need to store these cookies.
We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored. Preventing cookies to be stored on your computer/device may affect your experience using our website/application.
For more information on cookies, you may check
Norton’s video on Cookies
.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons, and we detail them in the sections below.
Disabling Cookies
You may prevent or disable the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser's Help for how to do this). Disabling cookies may affect the functionality of our website/application and we highly recommend that you leave all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use in our website.
The Cookies We Set
Account-related cookies - If you create an account with us, then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log off; however, in some cases, they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged off.
Logon-related cookies - We use cookies when you log on to our website/application so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log on every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log off to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged on.
E-mail newsletters-related cookies - This site offers newsletter or email subscription services, and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
Orders processing-related cookies - This site offers e-commerce or payment facilities, and some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that we can process it properly.
Surveys-related cookies - From time to time, we offer user surveys and questionnaires relating to the service we provide. These surveys may use cookies to remember who has already taken part in a survey or to provide you with accurate results after you change pages.
Forms-related cookies - When you submit data to us through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms, cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Site preferences cookies - In order to provide you with a personalized experience on this site, we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site/application runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences, we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page affected by your preferences.
Third-Party Cookies
In some special cases, we also use cookies that our trusted third parties provide us. The following section details each third-party cookie you might encounter through our website.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solutions on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official
Google Analytics page
.
Third-party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features, these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimizations our users appreciate the most.
As we sell products it's important for us to understand statistics about how many of the visitors to our site actually make a purchase and as such this is the kind of data that these cookies will track. This is important to you as it means that we can accurately make business predictions that allow us to monitor our advertising and product costs to ensure the best possible price.
The Google AdSense service we use to serve advertising uses a DoubleClick cookie to serve more relevant ads across the web and limit the number of times that a given ad is shown to you. For more information on Google AdSense see the official
Google AdSense privacy FAQ
.
Several partners advertise on our behalf and affiliate tracking cookies simply allow us to see if our customers have come to the site through one of our partner sites so that we can credit them appropriately and where applicable allow our affiliate partners to provide any bonus that they may provide you for making a purchase.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work, social media sites including Facebook will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
More Information
View the Privacy Policy & Cookie Policy for Vietnam
here
.
For more information on Cebu Pacific’s use of cookies, you may contact us through the channels below:
Email
:
DPO@cebupacificair.com
Customer Care using
Charlie the Chatbot through Cebu Pacific’s Facebook Messenger
, website, or through the CEB mobile application.
Back To Top
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.cebupacificair.com/privacy-cookie-policy:
