Privacy Policy
At Cloud Booking Limited we take your privacy seriously. Any information you provide will be used solely for the purposes detailed in this privacy policy or other privacy notice we bring to your attention.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
1 Information we may collect from
1.1 We may collect and process the following data about you:
1.1.1 Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site https://www.Cloudbooking.com/ (our site). This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our service or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion and when you report a problem with our site.
1.1.2 If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
1.1.3 We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
1.1.4 Details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of your orders.
1.1.5 Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access;
1.1.6 Recordings of conversations we have with you. We record conversations and online interactions such as Teams calls or demos for training and monitoring purposes and will make you aware in advance if any call or session is to be recorded.
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
2 Cookies
Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information please see our cookie policy
here.
3 Where we store your personal data and data breaches
We will only store your data in secure encrypted format on UK based servers. We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
4 Use Made of the Information and legal grounds for its use
4.1 We use information held about you in the following ways:
4.1.1 To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
4.1.2 To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;
4.1.3 To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
4.1.4 To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so; or
4.1.5 To notify you about changes to our service.
4.1.6 To contact you by electronic means with information about our products and services.
Unless we ask you in advance for it, consent will not be the ground upon which we process your data. More often than not, we will be processing your data for our legitimate business interests. Please note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data.
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
5 Third parties we share your data with Third parties service providers
Agencies who provide credit referencing, identity & verification checks, adverse media checks, sanction screening, PEP checks and fraud prevention services.
Auditors and professional advisers such as lawyers and consultants.
Companies who host, support and maintain our website, databases, archives and other business systems.
Companies who provide off-site hard copy information management facilities.
Companies who perform functions on our behalf in the areas of IT development, IT support, back office, compliance and finance.
Companies that provide our email archiving and backup system.
Companies that provide our telephone call recording system and tracking analysis software.
Companies that carry out our direct marketing and research survey emails and texts.
Companies that provide our online live chat platform.
Companies who assist with providing our two-factor authentication security process.
Companies that provide our online electronic signature software.
Companies that enable Cloudbooking to collect customer reviews of its Services.
Companies that provide our customer rewards and incentive scheme.
Companies that provide Cloudbooking with its appointment scheduling software.
Companies that provide Cloudbooking with its webinar platform.
6 Your right
6.1 You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise the right at any time by contacting us at
gdpr@cloudbooking.com
or by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any marketing email we have sent to you. Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data we need to use in relation to a service purchase, service experience or other transaction.
6.2 You also have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
In order to exercise any of these rights please contact us at
gdpr@cloudbooking.com.
6.3 You also have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
6.4 Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
7 Disabling Push Notifications
If you have downloaded Cloudbooking App and wish to disable push notifications, you can do this by following the below steps:
For iOS Devices:
Open your Settings app and tap “Notifications”
Swipe up until you see the Cloudbooking App
Select the Cloudbooking App and tap the check box next to “Allow Notifications” to disable
For Android Devices:
Open your Settings app and tap “More”
Tap Application Manager and select “Downloaded”
Select the
Cloudbooking App and tap the check box next to “Show Notifications” to disable
If you have opted in to receive Cloudbooking web notifications and wish to disable push notifications, you can do this by following the below steps:
For Chrome browsers:
Open your Settings app and click ‘Advanced’.
Under ‘Privacy and security’, click Site settings.
‘Click Notifications’.
Choose to block or allow notifications:
(i)
Block all:
Turn off ‘Ask before sending’.
(ii)
Block a site:
Next to ‘Block’, click ‘Add’. Enter the site and click ‘Add’.
(iii)
Allow a site:
Next to ‘Allow’, click ‘Add’. Enter the site and click ‘Add’.
For Firefox browsers:
Click the menu button and select ‘options’.
Click ‘Privacy & Security’ from the left pane.
Scroll to the Permissions section.
Click the ‘Settings’ button next to notifications.
Select the website.
Click the ‘Remove Website’ button.
Please note that you may continue to receive communications for a short period after changing your preferences while our systems are fully updated.
8 Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page.
9 Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to
gdpr@cloudbooking.com
.