READY2WASH TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Home
/
READY2WASH TERMS AND CONDITIONS
READY2WASH TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Welcome to R2W Program! By using the Ready2Wash Website and/or Application and enrolling in the R2W Program you agree to these Terms and Conditions that create a contract between you (natural person or legal entity) and Ready2Wash s.r.o., company No. 053 35 507, seated at Rybná 682/14, Staré Město, 110 00 Prague 1, Czech Republic, the company registered by the Municipal Court in Prague under the file No. C 261957.
Please read the Terms and Conditions carefully, as they contain important information about the limitations of liability, governing law and jurisdiction.
By clicking the „I Accept“ tick box within the registration process and by using this website and/or application you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you have questions about these Terms and Conditions, please call the R2W Customer Support: +420 22 888 388 0 (operator intra/international calling rates may apply).
IF YOU ARE NOT OLDER THAN 18, DON NOT UNDERSTAND AND DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT CLICK „ACCEPT“ TICK BOX AND/OR COMPLETE THE REGISTRATION PROCESS AND/OR CONTINUE TO ACCESS AND USE THIS WEBSITE AND/OR THE R2W APPLICATION.
DEFINITIONS:
In these Terms and Conditions, unless otherwise stated herein, the words and expressions below must be defined as follows:
„Account“
in order to use R2W Services you must have a valid R2W Private Account subject to the User age restrictions or R2W Business Account, both of it available via Website and/or Application;
„Account Details“
means information about User including Registration Details to be revised and maintained up- to-day by User;
„Affiliate“
means an entity that directly or indirectly controls, is under the control of, or is under the common control with R2W;
„Application License Agreement“
means the limited mobile Application license granted under the Section 5. herein;
„Authorised Person“
means an authorised representative authorised to act for and on behalf of User and/or any other individual expressly authorised in written by User to use Account;
„Carrier Billing“
means a mobile phone billing as payment option during checkout using R2W Services;
„Content“
means the text, documents, information, data, articles, images, photographs, graphics, software, applications, video recordings, audio recordings, sounds, designs, features, and other materials that are made available on the Website and/or Application provided by R2W, including Marks;
„CWP“
means any third-party Car Wash Provider being associated with R2W Network and listed in the CWP catalogue available on the Website and/or Application;
„CWP Charges“
means charges incurred by User to CWP for CWP Services ordered by User through R2W App and authorised by User to be paid via R2W Services;
„CWP Services“
means any car wash and/or other car wash associated services provided solely by CWPs and enabled at participating CWP’s locations only;
„CWP Rating“
means five-star review system assigned by the system according to the star rating provided by Users, who are eligible to increase or decrease the CWP’s star rating in their own discretion;
„Damage“
means any injury, delay, loss, partial loss, theft, or other damage of whatsoever nature, including death, arising out of or in connection with CWP Service or other services performed by CWP incidental thereto;
„Day“
means calendar day; if an act must be done on a specified day which is not a business day, it must be done instead on the next business day;
„Mark“
means trademark, trade name, service mark, trade dress, logo, commercial symbol, custom graphics, or icon;
„Payment Methods“
mean the following payment processing methods, including, but not limited to (a) direct charge to User’s Payment Card, if supported; (b) payment processed via online payment system through PayPal payment processor; (c) payment processed via Carrier Billing, or other payment method available on the Subscription Page at the time of Subscribing; Payment Methods may be changed from time to time without prior notice at sole discretion of R2W;
„Payment Card“
means the payment card accepted for the Subscription, which may be particularly, without limitation to, the cards of the card organizations MasterCard International Incorporated, Visa Europe Ltd., Diners Club International and JCB International Credit Card Co. Ltd, American Express Company and China UnionPay, as well Maestro cards and, as the case may be, other card payment instruments available via Subscription page;
„PayPal“
means online payment solution provided by PayPal Payment Service Provider as an independent contractor with User;
„Privacy Policy“
means the R2W policy which governs your use of the Services, and is defined under the Section 7. of these Terms; „Registration“ means the process defined under the Section 2. of these Terms;
„Registration Details“
means business name, registration number, taxpayer identification number, authorised representative (to act on behalf a business), contact person’s name and surname, phone number and e-mail address in case of legal entity to create R2W Business Account or name and surname, phone number and e-mail address in case of natural person to create R2W Private Account;
„R2W“, „Ready2Wash“, „we“, „us“
means Ready2Wash s.r.o., company No. 053 35 507, seated at Rybná 682/14, Staré Město, 110 00 Prague 1, Czech Republic, the company registered by the Municipal Court in Prague under the file No. C 261957;
„R2W App“, „Application“, „App“
means R2W software application, user interfaces, applications and associated media („Software“) that we make available to download from the Website or through your mobile application store and/or mobile website (m.
ready2wash.com
) for use with desktop computers and/or compatible mobile device, via the internet, and/or via wireless or other handheld, and related services provided by R2W to a User pursuant to Terms set forth in R2W End User License Agreement under the Section 5. of these Terms;
„R2W Business Account“
, „Business Account“ means an Account used primarily for business purposes and not for personal, family, or household purposes; you shall define yourself as a business or natural person while setting up your Account;
„R2W Customer Support“, „R2W Contact“
means the R2W hotline available on the following phone number: +420 22 888 388 0 and the following email address:
support@ready2wash.com
.
„R2W Loyalty Program“ means any offer or promotion of R2W awarding bonus Virtual Tokens or giving special VT Package rate to Users at the sole discretion of R2W;
„R2W Network“ R2W is associated with a network of CWPs listed in the CWP catalogue available on the Website and/or Application;
„R2W Private Account“, „Private Account“ means an Account used primarily for personal, family, or household purposes; you shall define yourself as a business or natural person while setting up your Account;
„R2W Program“ means the R2W technology platform including R2W App, Website and Services that, when used in conjunction with the Application, enables User to, without limitation, use R2W Services and/or to order CWP Services;
„R2W Services“, „Services“ means the Website, Application, call centre agents and other products and services provided by R2W and benefits available on the Website and/or Application including any Content and offered solely within the context of the R2W Program set forth in Section 3. of these Terms;
„Subscription“, „Subscribing“, „Subscribe“ means the R2W Service enabling User to register of the additional service of Virtual Tokens Subscription as set forth in Section 4. of these Terms;
„Subscription Details“ means the complete User identification according to the applicable law, including Registration Details and User Ìs identity information in the extent required to be filled in on the Subscription page;
„System Requirements“ means the system and compatibility requirements, which may change from time to time, for a device used to view the Content and/or to use the Services, working internet access, active mobile network and compatible updated software;
„Terms“ means present Terms and Conditions consist of Terms of Use and Application License Agreement, which apply to your visit to and your use of the Website and the Application as well as to all other information and/or services provided to you on or through the Website and the Application; by enrolling in R2W Program and registering your online Account, you agree the presented Terms and the terms of our Privacy Policy;
„User“, „you“ means an individual (natural person at least 18 years old or legal entity) duly registered with the R2W Services and entitled to access its Account; only Users signed in to its Account are entitled to benefit from the R2W Services and benefits offered within the context of the R2W Program via Website;
„User ID“ means your active e-mail address to sign in to your Account;
„Virtual Token“, „VT“ the basis of calculation for the R2W Program are virtual tokens as a virtual unit to be earned by User at the predetermined Virtual Token Package rate through its Account on the Website and/or Application via R2W Program;
„VT Package“, „Pack“ means the Bronze, Silver and Gold Package Subscription subject to a fee and VT expiration given for each type of VT Package as set forth in a price list then in effect for the Subscription on the Website at the time of placing the Subscription order;
„Website“ means
www.ready2wash.com
, the mobile website and any Application; Where a word or expression is given a particular meaning, other parts of speech and grammatical forms of that word or expression have a corresponding meaning in these Terms.
ACCEPTANCE AND AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND R2W
This Website is offered to you conditioned upon your acceptance without modification of all the Terms set forth herein. By using this Website and/or Application and enrolling in the R2W Program you agree to these Terms that create a contract between you (natural person or legal entity) and Ready2Wash and regulate mutual rights and obligations of the parties when using the R2W Services and other rights and obligations set forth herein.
You are bound to these Terms and you must review them periodically.
1. USE OF THE WEBSITE
Your use of the R2W Website and Apps and any other application, software, services, websites, wap and other related services and information provided by us or any third party designated by us to you, excluding any services provided to you by us under a separate written agreement, is subject to these Terms which are a binding agreement in the relationship between the User and us when calling up Website and to any other terms applicable to you from time to time, including but not limited to, R2W’s Privacy Policy.
Insofar as special conditions deviate from the Terms for individual use of the Website, this will be expressly indicated at the relevant place of the Website. Such special conditions of use will then also apply in each individual case. In case of conflict between these Terms and other supplemental terms or special conditions applicable or disclosed to you during the use of Website, these Terms shall prevail.
This website contains data and information of all kinds, which are protected by trade mark and/or copyright law in favour of R2W, or in individual cases also in favour of third parties. It is therefore prohibited to download, copy or distribute the Website Content in its entirety or in individual parts, if otherwise permitted herein. Technically limited copying for the purposes of browsing is permitted, provided this is not for commercial purposes, as well as long- term copying for one’s own use.
As a condition of your use of this Website, you warrant that:
a. you are at least 18 years of age;
b. you possess the legal authority to create a binding legal obligation;
c. you will use this Website in accordance with these Terms;
d. you will only use this Website for your own purpose or for another person for whom you are legally authorised to act;
e. you will inform such other persons for whom you are legally authorised to act about the Terms that apply to the use of the Website you have made on their behalf, including all rules and restrictions applicable thereto;
f. all information supplied by you on this Website is true, accurate, current and complete; and
g. in case of creating Account, you will safeguard your Account information and will supervise and be completely responsible for any use of your Account by you, Authorised Person and/or anyone other than you.
In case you are legal entity, you warrant that you are authorised to and you have all permissions required to operate your business according to the applicable law.
We retain the right at our sole discretion to deny access to anyone to this Website and the Services we offer, at any time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, for violation of these Terms.
The Content and information provided on the Website (including, but not limited to, R2W Services and CWP Services information) as well as the infrastructure used to provide such Content and information, is proprietary to us or our cooperatives or Affiliates. While you may make limited copies of your Subscription details (and related documents) made through this Website, you agree not to otherwise modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell or re- sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from or through this Website. Additionally, you agree not to:
a. make any speculative, false, or fraudulent Subscription in anticipation of demand;
b. access, monitor or copy any Content or information of this Website using any robot or any other automated means or any manual process for any purpose without our express written permission;
c. violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on this Website or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to this Website;
d. take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
e. link to any portion of this Website (including, without limitation, the Subscription path) for any purpose without our express written permission; or
f. „frame“ or otherwise incorporate any part of this Website into any other website without our prior written authorization.
You are entitled to use the Website to browse and view the Content that may vary between the countries and not all Content may be available in your country.
A link may be made to this Website, provided that it serves only as cross-reference permitted by R2W in writing. R2W retains the right to rescind such a cross-reference permission. Knowingly linking to an unauthorised posting of a copyrighted Website Content without R2W written consent shall be regarded as infringement of the exclusive right of R2W.
R2W assumes responsibility for the Content of the Website provided by R2W, unless otherwise stated herein. Any references and links to the Websites of third parties do not mean that R2W is responsible for the content behind such a reference or link, even if permitted. R2W has no influence upon the content contained behind such a link. R2W is therefore not liable for unlawful, erroneous or incomplete content and for damages that may be caused by use of content behind the link.
To view the Content and/or to use the Services, you are required to use a device that meets the System Requirements. It is your responsibility to fulfil such System Requirements and to ensure active internet access and mobile network account required to view the Content and to access and/or to use the Services.
Use of the internet is at the User’s own risk. R2W is not liable in particular for technically- related failure of the internet or access to the Internet that may result in Service discontinuation.
The internet and mobile network charges may apply in case of viewing the Website Content and/or use of the Services and you are entirely responsible to pay such charges.
You are required to keep your device’ s Software updated to the latest version that we introduce from time to time to access or download and to use our Services. Content originating from R2W Program may communicate with R2W servers from time to time to check for available updates to the Software and to the functionality of R2W App, such as patches, bug fixes, enhanced functions, missing plug-ins and new versions. Your use of the R2W App that you have installed requires that you have agreed to receive such automatically requested updates. If you do not agree to such automatically requested and received updates, then discontinue access and use of the R2W App.
R2W retains the right and you hereby acknowledge R2W right to amend these Terms from time to time and to adapt them for technical or legal developments in its sole discretion. In the event of the partial invalidity of any amendments or individual regulations of the Terms, the overall validity of the Terms remains unaffected. Amendments shall be effective 30 Days upon R2W’ s posting of such amended Terms in full extent at this location. R2W will notify you of any change to the Terms via in-app notification displayed to you upon signing in and you hereby agree that clicking
„I Agree“ or „OK“ button within the notification page and continued access or use of the Website and R2W Services constitutes your consent to the Terms as amended. In case you do not agree with the Terms as amended, you shall terminate the use of the Website and any Services provided therein.
Personal data, which are collected by R2W as part of the Registration, insofar as electronic storage is carried out, then this will be stored according to the Privacy Policy. Your data will be treated confidentially at all times and will only be used for the purposes for which they have been submitted.
Business with any of those CWPs or any others will be governed exclusively under their respective terms and conditions specified by such third party regardless of any conflict with these Terms. None shall be jointly or severally liable for any other or be deemed to have consented to the application of any law or jurisdiction of any court because their services were contracted after ordering the Services via this Website. R2W shall not be liable, regardless of the theory on such a claim may be based, for the performance or failure to perform, of any of CWPs.
R2W shall not be responsible for any information, materials and services of any CWPs and/or others offered via this Website and shall not be liable for any direct or indirect loss or Damage arising from the use of information, materials and services offered via this Website by and/or links from this Website to the CWPs and/or others whose services may be offered via this Website together or individually.
The Content provided does not constitute an offer or a solicitation of an offer for the purchase or sale of any goods and/or services neither of CWP nor of any third party and does not constitute any offer for the purchase or sale of any shares or other securities of R2W in any way and should not be used for the purpose of any investment decision concerning share or securities of R2W.
2. WEBSITE CONTENT AND PARTICIPATION IN R2W PROGRAM
Visitors to the Website other than Users are provided to access to freely available Website content only.
Visitors to the Website, who want to use most aspects of the R2W Services and to enjoy R2W Program are required to register as User of the Website and maintain active Account.
In order to register as User and to access the R2W Services, you are required to provide information about yourself such as Registration Details. A confirming email will be automatically created for you and sent to your registered email address upon provision of your Registration Details and accepting these Terms. To complete the registration process and to sign in you must enter your email address within the active sing in dialog box prompting you to enter User ID. Upon your registration with R2W Services and thereby enrolment into R2W Program, you will be issued an Account linked to your User ID.
While opting enrolment into R2W Program, you understand the requirement to maintain your email account active and agree to receive emails, among others, as part of the registration process. You acknowledge that opting out of receiving emails may impact your inability to access your Account and to access and/or use R2W Services.
You agree to maintain accurate, complete and up-to-date Registered Details in your Account. To maintain them up- to-date you may access Account Details through in-app Account settings. Your failure to maintain accurate, complete, and up-to-date Account information may result in your inability to access and use the Services or our termination of these Terms with you. You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Account, and you agree to maintain the security and secrecy of your Registration Details at all times. In case of misuse of the Registration Details, you are obliged to notify R2W Customer Support immediately.
It is excluded to use one Account for both, private and business purposes. Each natural person and/or legal entity shall create its own Account and shall define itself as a business or natural person while setting up an Account.
You must not authorize third parties apart from Authorised Persons to use your Account. You may not assign or otherwise transfer your Account to any other person or entity without prior written consent of R2W. You agree to comply with all applicable laws when using the Services. You may be asked to provide proof of identity in person to access or use the Services, and you agree that you may be denied access to or use of the Services if you refuse to provide proof of identity.
The conditions for participating in R2W Program and the benefits granted may vary depending on the countries concerned. Where there is no CWP associated with R2W Network in a particular country, the User is not able to benefit from R2W Program and therefore, among others, redeem Virtual Tokens for CWP Services according to these Terms.
No fees are payable by User for general usage of the Website, unless User opts for Subscription.
3. USE OF R2W SERVICES
User may be able to access R2W Services and the Content using R2W App within the context of R2W Program, through which User may receive the CWP Network information and regular CWP Network updates, including CWP marketing information, promotions and special offers.
Users have many options on to help them find some of or particular CWP. Specially designed R2W App may allow User to find an information about the nearest CWP and to locate the CWP, including the option to use the tracking mode within interactive maps and locator to reach selected CWP.
R2W may enable User to select various options to suit their car wash needs. If no options are selected, we will show you a range of relevant options within the R2W App menu.
We may enable Users the opportunity to take part in R2W Loyalty Program and to collect rewards at any CWP, if any offered, and/or join any CWP Loyalty Program (Club) to receive CWP offers and notifications via R2W App. There is no legal title to the participation in the R2W Loyalty Program.
You are responsible for any personal tax liability that may be related to participation in R2W Loyalty Program or redemption of any R2W rewards
Users taking part in R2W Program may be able to use some of the Services upon the Subscription only.
4. VIRTUAL TOKENS SUBSCRIPTION
User is able to Subscribe to the Virtual Tokens service as a part of the R2W Program which allows Users to access CWP Services ordered by User through R2W App. User may redeem Virtual Tokens for CWP Services at any CWP listed in R2W catalogue on the Website and/or Application. User’s participation in the R2W Program, including earning and redeeming of Virtual Tokens, is subject to these Terms.
To be a Subscriber, you must make payments. In order to complete the Subscription, you must select one of the VT Packages offered and the Payment Method enabled on R2W Website and provide the Subscription Details. You can choose any of the variety of different Payment Methods available on the Website. It may happen from time to time, that your preferred Payment Method cannot be used. R2W may change the Payment Methods without prior notice at its sole discretion.
Your selection of VT Package and the Payment Method (by clicking the respective in-app field text) and clicking „subscribe“ button in the Subscription summary page shall be deemed to be your Subscription order subject to these Terms (including additional conditions, if any, provided on the Subscription page). You should check the Subscription summary containing information about selected VT package including expiration date, Payment Method and total fee before placing the Subscription order carefully. R2W is not obliged to accept your Subscription. R2W can at its sole discretion in each case to decide whether it will accept Subscription order or not. R2W may use the 3-D Secure security process, if specifically supported by the Payment Card organisation, to authenticate the User and the use of the Payment Card. The Subscription payment shall be processed and executed in accordance with the personal data protection requirements by the authorised cooperating financial institution in contractual relationship with R2W. R2W will be deemed to have accepted your Subscription order once it issues Subscription confirmation displayed to you in the in-App Subscription dialog box and this acceptance will be communicated to you by confirmation email. You hereby agree to receive the Subscription confirmation in electronic form via in-App Subscription dialog box and/or by email sent to your registered email address. Each Subscription order upon its acceptance by R2W constitutes separate contract between you and R2W and is subject to these Terms. The list of Subscriptions is available in „My transactions“ in-App history every time for only past thirty (30) Days transaction history.
The Subscription fee for the VT Package will be quoted as in the price list given on the Website at the time of placing the Subscription order. A price list displayed on Website may be subject to change at any time prior to your Subscription order. You agree to be bound by the pricing and billing practices then in effect for the Subscription on the Website. All Subscription charges are payable in the currency selected by you within the Account for the respective VT Package Subscription (even if approximate prices are shown in a different currency for ease of understanding), due immediately upon the Subscription order and are inclusive of all costs and taxes, if applicable under the law. Some card organisations impose fees for international transactions. Your bank may convert the Subscription payment amount to your local currency and charge you a conversion fee. This means the amount listed on your bank card statement may be in your local currency and therefore a different figure than the figure shown on the My Transactions page history for the Subscriptions made through the Website. The currency exchange rate and foreign transaction fee is determined solely by your bank on the Day that the Subscription is processed, and it is at your own responsibility to pay such fee.
By ordering the Subscription you authorize R2W to charge the Payment Card or any other payment instrument provided by you based on selected Payment Method in the amount based on the pricing and billing practices then in effect for the Subscription on the Website and you agree to pay all such charges at the Subscription order date.
You expressly agree to receive any receipt in electronic form by email or issued and made accessible in electronic form through your Account.
To pay for the Subscription with a Payment Card, you will be required to provide R2W with accurate, complete and up-to date Payment Card information and you warrant that you are authorised to use such Payment Card.
If R2W does not receive payment from your Payment Card provider, or if your Payment Card expires or is rejected, you agree to pay all amounts due upon demand.
R2W does not process the Payment Card details. By subscribing you authorise R2W to store electronically record of the Payment Card holder name and address, the Payment Card number and period of validity in appropriate protocols („card transaction details“) for the required period and to transmit such card transaction details to the cooperating financial institution that is in contractual relationship with R2W authorised to safely process the respective Subscription payments and that only shall retain the Payment Card details for future use in payment of your Subscription fees or any other charges you may incur in connection with your Subscription or use of the Website’s services. R2W warrants that it will do everything reasonably necessary to ensure that your Payment Card details are securely retained. R2W does not undertake any responsibility or liability for misuse of your Payment Card details by anyone in any manner that is beyond its reasonable control. R2W is not permitted to retrieve any details from Payment Cards.
All Subscriptions to Virtual Tokens are final. Virtual Tokens are credited to the Account and thus your using of the Services initiated once the Subscription confirmation is displayed to you in the in-app Subscription dialog box. All VT Package charges for Virtual Tokens credited to the User’s Account are non-refundable. User may not withdraw from the Subscription and the Subscription may not be cancelled once the Virtual Tokens are credited to the Account. R2W will not provide the User with a refund for any cancellation. Refunds for any Subscription will only be considered for a refund if the User justifiably exercises its rights under the consumer law and/or the Virtual Tokens are proven to be not accepted by CWP based on the technical failure of Account and such a failure is not fixed within fourteen (14) Days as of delivery of written notice of failure to R2W Customer Support. Any refund will only be issued to the transaction ID related to such Subscription.
User may redeem the Virtual Tokens for CWP Services within the predetermined VT Package expiry period pertaining to selected VT Package. If the Virtual Tokens are not redeemed for CWP Services within VT Package expiry period, they shall be forfeited by the Day following the last Day of the VT Package expiry period. Expired Virtual Tokens are non-refundable. The User may redeem Virtual Tokens for the CWP Services via R2W App as soon as its Account has a sufficient Virtual Tokens balance by selecting respective CWP Provider and appropriate CWP Services including the count of the CWP Services units. The proportion expressing the equality of the ratios of the Virtual Tokens and respective CWP Services units is displayed in the R2W converter („Changer“) available for a User as a Service on the Website. The number of Virtual Tokens required for particular CWP Services may vary. Such Virtual Token to the CWP Services units exchange rates („units’ exchange rate“) are based on the pricing and billing practices of each CWP then in effect for its CWP Services. CWP’s pricing and billing practices are not verified as accurate and such units’ exchange rates are not updated on daily basis. The prices of CWP Services may vary. The units’ exchange rates are calculated based on the information provided by CWP which R2W belies to be accurate at the time you redeem Virtual Tokens for CWP Services. R2W does not warrant or guarantee accuracy of any CWP Services or its price information, you are advised to verify the accuracy of such information in place of CWP location. When using the units’ exchange rate information, you acknowledge to use such Service as is. We do not authorize the use of this information for any purpose other than your personal use in context of the R2W Program and you are expressly prohibited from the resale, redistribution, and use of this information for commercial purposes.
Information about your Account balance can be accessed via Website when signed in with your User ID. Information includes but is not limited to your VT balance, Account history (VT earned and redeemed), Payment Cards information saved in appropriate secure protocol.
Use of the CWP Services may result in CWP Charges incurred by User to CWP. Once the CWP Services are provided to the User, R2W will facilitate the payment of the charges applicable for the provided CWP Services by means of the Virtual Tokens redeemed for CWP Services. Redeemed Virtual Tokens shall be deducted from the User’s Account at the time User selects via R2W App the appropriate count of CWP Services unites and confirms its selection by clicking on the „Redeem“ button. Such a payment shall be considered the same as payment made directly by User to CWP. Charges for CWP Services shall be inclusive of all costs and taxes applicable according to the law. You expressly agree to receive any statement and/or receipt to be provided by R2W on behalf of CWP in electronic form upon your written request by email or issued and made accessible in electronic form through your Account shown in the „My transactions“ billing summary page. All documents issued in electronic form and shown online shall be accessible online for the limited period of ninety (90) Days in your Account. You are advised to download, keep and maintain any document and records originally generated in electronic form in printed form for your further use, the same as printed version of these Terms.
Virtual Tokens are not transferable. You are responsible for regularly checking your Account and must notify R2W of any omissions, incorrect entries, or other discrepancies. Virtual Tokens must not be traded. The conversion and payment of Virtual Tokens into cash is excluded.
R2W reserves the right to terminate the contract of Subscription between you and R2W upon thirty (30) Days’ notice given to you by email at the email address (provided by you as the Registration Detail) at any time for any reason. Upon the termination of the contract of Subscription you will have thirty (30) Days from the notice date to redeem available Virtual Tokens remaining in your Account. After the lapse of such term, any Virtual Tokens will be forfeited without compensation. You agree that your use of the Website after Subscription termination notice indicates your acceptance of such notice.
The Terms relating to the Virtual Tokens Subscription may be subject to change as may be necessary to comply with laws or regulations. The participation in R2W Program is at your risk. By participating in R2W Program, you release R2W and its Affiliates from all claims or liability regarding Your participation in the R2W program, including but not limited to any claims related to the earning and redemption of Virtual Tokens.
R2W has the right to monitor all User’s Account activity. If your Account shows any sign of fraud, abuse, or suspicious activity, R2W may close or freeze your Account immediately without prior notice. You may also lose your accrued Virtual Tokens or bonus VTs. If you have conducted any fraudulent activity, R2W reserves the right to take any necessary legal action. In addition, you may be liable for monetary losses to R2W, including litigation costs and damages, and you will not be allowed to participate in R2W Program in the future. Any action discovered to be fraudulent will have Virtual Tokens rescinded, and the Account associated with such fraudulent action will be frozen from further VT redemption activity. To contest freezing of an Account or the rescinding of Virtual Tokens, please call R2W Customer Support.
5. MOBILE APPLICATION LICENSE AGREEMENT
Any software that we make available to download from this Website or through your mobile application store, including the R2W App is the copyrighted work of R2W and/or its Affiliates or respective suppliers. Your use of such App is governed by the terms of the Application License Agreement set forth in this section. By using the R2W Application you agree to be bound by this Application License Agreement.
For any Content made available for download on the Website, we hereby grant to you, the User, a limited, personal, non-exclusive, nontransferable license to download, install and use the Content for viewing and otherwise using this Website and/or accessing the Content available within the Website in accordance with these Terms and for no other purpose.
Certain features of this Application may require you to become an Authorized User or provide personal information. Your use of these features and this App is subject to the Privacy Policy and the Terms hereof. R2W grants you the right to use this Application only for your use on the compatible mobile device that you own or control and as permitted by any terms of use required by the party providing the app store from which you are downloading this Application. When using the Application, you shall always check any information and Content, CWP pricing policy prior to accessing CWP Services.
You may not modify, copy, publish, license, sell, or otherwise commercialise this Application or any information or software associated with this Application. You must regularly check for and, if available, update the Application software. You may not rent, lease or otherwise transfer rights to this Application. You may not use this Application in any manner that could impair any R2W site in any way or interfere with any party’s use or enjoyment of any R2W site.
You must use the Application in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. You must comply with applicable third party terms and conditions when using this Application.
Your right to use this Application will terminate immediately if you violate any provision of this Application License Agreement. R2W reserves the right to block access to or use of this Application.
The party providing your mobile OS has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to this Application.
R2W or its Affiliates own all right, title and interest in and to this Application, including all rights under copyright, trade secret, trademark, or unfair competition law, and any and all other proprietary rights, including all applications, renewals, extensions and restorations thereof.
Other company, product, or service names mentioned in this Application may be trademarks of their respective entities.
You must not modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse- engineer, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code from this Application and you will not remove, obscure or alter R2W’s copyright notice, trademarks or other proprietary rights notices affixed to, contained within or accessed in conjunction with or by this Application.
This Application and the Services accessed by it are provided „as is“ and „as available“.
R2W expressly disclaims to the fullest extent permitted by law all express, implied and statutory warranties, including without limitation the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of proprietary rights, and any warranties regarding the security, reliability, timeliness and performance of this Application.
You download and use this Application at your own discretion and risk, and you are solely responsible for any damages to your hardware device(s) or loss of data that results from the download or use of this Application.
Except as otherwise stated in this License Agreement, R2W is not liable to you for any harm resulting from any use or misuse of this Application.
You will indemnify and hold harmless R2W and its Affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, agents, and/or employees, from any claim made by any third party arising in connection with a violation of this License Agreement, for which you are responsible.
When you access App and Services using a mobile device, we may collect location data in order to provide our Service (particularly when using in-app maps). We may collect and store sign in data in connection with that device (including device ID). You understand and agree that R2W will collect and process your personal data, including your identity and location as a part of the Services. Your personal data will also be requested and processed if you seek to register your Account through this Application and/or in case of Subscription. You agree to abide by and comply with the Terms and Privacy Policy.
R2W reserves the right to make changes to this Application or License Agreement from time to time.
Changes to this agreement will take effect upon the expiration of five (5) Days’ after the notification, unless the change relates to a change which we believe in our reasonable opinion to neither reduce your rights nor increase your responsibilities. Such changes shall be made without prior notice to you.
If you continue to use the Application after the expiry of the notice period, if any, you will be deemed to have accepted the change. If you do not agree to any change, please uninstall and discontinue using the Application.
Your mobile OS is a third-party beneficiary of this License Agreement, and, upon your acceptance, such third party beneficiary will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this agreement against you.
All software, including, without limitation, all HTML code and system controls contained on this Website, are owned by R2W and/or our respective suppliers and/or Affiliates, and is protected by copyright laws and the applicable provisions of the international treaties. Any reproduction or redistribution of the software is expressly prohibited, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.
To uninstall this Application, please use the application manager provided with your device or otherwise consult your device manual.
6. COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICE
All Contents of this Website are (c) 2017 Ready2Wash s.r.o. All rights reserved. R2W, Ready2Wash s.r.o., Ready2Wash.com, R2W logo and all logos published via Website are either registered trademarks or tradenames of R2W and/or other Affiliates.
The Content and all rights therein are and shall remain R2W’s property or the property of R2W’s licensors. Neither these Terms nor your use of the Services convey or grant to you any rights: (i) in or related to the Content except for the limited App license granted above; or (ii) to use or reference in any manner R2W’s company names, logos, product and service names, trademarks or services marks or those of R2W’s licensors.
If you are aware of an infringement of our Content, please let us know by email at R2W Customer Support.
7. PRIVACY POLICY
You agree to be bound by this Policy in your use of the Website’s Content and/or Services. To the extent permitted by law, R2W, its Affiliates, officers, employees, representatives and consultants expressly disclaim all and any liability arising from any information loaded onto the Website as Content and resulting from any actions taken in reliance on the Content, and are not responsible for any error or omission from the Content.
R2W may require that access to the Website will be subject to the disclosure of personal information by the User in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act, GDPR or other Acts, if any, as amended. In this case R2W will use this information in compliance with the statutory provisions. The Website is administered by R2W and as such governed and conducted in accordance with Czech Law.
What information Ready2Wash collects about you and why:
We collect very little information about our users. Mainly we collect four types of information:
1. Personal data needed to create and maintain your account
2. Personal data provided by contacting us through our website
3. Service data
4. Information collected by Google Analytics while you navigate through the Site, in order to help us improve the Service.
A detailed list of Personal data needed to create and maintain your account, and why we collect it:
Your name, surname, email address and country. This lets us create and maintain your account, and deliver and support the Service. This information also helps us communicate with you about your use of the Service, product announcements and software updates, as well as answer to your assistance requests. In addition, we may use your Personal data to send you marketing emails. We don’t use information about any content that is in your account for any purpose other than to make sure it is available to you when you use the Service. We may also collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system, browser type, location from where you are logged in and similar information. This information does not identify any individual except where user settings are configured by the user to provide personal data. They are collected in order to help us improve the Service.
A detailed list of Personal data needed to contact us through the Site, and why we collect it:
When you want to send us a message through query that can be found on the Site, we ask for the following details: Your name, email address and name of the company (if one exists; optional). We store and use the data thus collected in order to be able to send you a response. When you contact us, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
When the Site is being used, certain data known as “Usage data” is always created.
Whenever you visit the Site or send us emails, the device you are using communicates through the Internet with our servers designed to receive the data concerned, or on which the relevant content is stored. When this happens, so-called log files are created on our servers that collect certain impersonal Usage data – such as the operating system used on your device, the start and finishing time of each session on the website, and the volume of data transmitted. The IP address allocated to your device at the time is stored in the log files in anonymous form; the log files that are created do not contain any Personal data. We use the log files solely to help us analyse and remedy faults affecting the availability of our servers, and for the purpose of statistical analysis. This also applies for the IP addresses contained in the log files.
R2W may cooperate with entities which provide R2W with a variety of services. These entities, so far they are authorised to do so (such as cooperating licensed financial institution securing and processing the Subscription payment), may use the User’s personal data on condition that they use such information only to carry out their duties and may not use it for any other purposes. R2W does not sell, transfer or communicate User’s personal information to CWPs or third parties. Nevertheless, R2W reserves the right to use or transfer any information as may be necessary to comply with statutory provisions, ensure protection of network integrity, meet the User’s requirements, or comply with disclosure requirements for information that must be disclosed in the case of judicial investigation or investigation in the public interest.
As a rule, Ready2Wash employees do not monitor or view your Personal data or Service data stored in the Service, but it may be viewed in the following cases:
1. If we believe our Terms of Service have been violated and confirmation is required.
2. If we need to do so in order to respond to your requests for user support, or we otherwise determine that we have an obligation to review it as described in our Terms of Service.
3. Your Service data also may be viewed where necessary to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Ready2Wash and its users, or in order to comply with our legal obligations, such as responding to warrants, court orders or other legal process.
One example of possible use of your Service data is due to statistical analysis, where data of all users will be aggregated and analyzed as one. Your Service data will thus not be linked to you. We use the results of this analysis to provide, maintain, protect and improve our Service, as well as to develop new features and products.
Cookies are information files that are transferred from a Website to the hard drive of the User’s computer. Cookies enable the Website to remember relevant information that will make the use of the site more convenient for the User. Like most websites, Website uses cookies for a variety of purposes. For example, R2W tracks total number of visitors to this Website on an anonymous aggregate basis. A User should use the options in his Web browser, if the User does not wish to receive a cookie or if the User wishes to set his browser to notify him when he receives a cookie. If the User disables all cookies, he may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this Website.
On request, we will be pleased to inform you at any time whether we have stored any of your Personal data, and if so which. You can also demand at any time that we correct, block or erase your Personal data; to do this, please contact us by email at info@ready2wash.com. The only data excluded from erasure is that needed for completing any outstanding tasks or for asserting claims or rights to which we are entitled, and data that we are required to retain by law; this data will be blocked.
Your Service data belongs to you and you are free at any time to export it provided that you have not asked for deletion of the data or that you have not cancelled your account on the Service. We take technical and organisational steps to ensure that your Personal and Service data are protected against unauthorised access by third parties. Moreover, your Personal and Service data can only be accessed at Ready2Wash by persons who are authorised to do so, and even then only to the extent required in connection with the aforementioned purposes. Encryption is always used for transmitting data that is collected during registration or access to the R2W Services.
On the Site or on the application, hyperlinks to the websites of other providers who are not associated with ourselves (“Third Parties”) may be installed. If you click on these hyperlinks, we have no further influence over the data that is collected by the Third Party or how the data is used. Exact details on the data collected and used there will be found in the respective provider’s privacy policy. Since the collection and processing of data by Third Parties are obviously beyond our control, we cannot assume any responsibility in this respect.
Questions, comments, complaints and requests regarding this Privacy Policy certification should be addressed to us by e-mail:
info@ready2wash.com
8. DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
By using this Website, you expressly agree that you assume total responsibility and risk for your use of the Website, and your reliance on the Content is at your sole risk. R2W does not assume any responsibility for and is not liable for any such risk.
Any Content that may be provided as information or statement is based on R2W Ìs expectations, estimates, projections and/or assumptions made by R2W in light of an information available at the time such information or statement was provided. R2W is under no obligation to update such written statement or information if conditions change or that unexpected occurrences happen to affect the statement afterwards. Any information of CWP or any other party shown in the Website does not create a guarantee of performance and may involve an uncertainty. Although R2W believes that the expectations represented by such information or statement are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct and R2W does not warrant such information or statement to be correct. Except as required by the law, R2W disclaims any obligation to revise and/or to publicly update any information and/or statement provided by any CWP and/or third party made available on the Website.
Information, software and Services published on the Website may include inaccuracies or errors. R2W shall not be regarded as a professional in respect of any information provided on the Website. R2W does not guarantee the accuracy of, and disclaim all liability for any errors or other inaccuracies relating to the information and/or description of the services of any CWP and/or third parties displayed on this Website. R2W incurs no liability for any incomplete or incorrect information available on the Website, including, without limitation, the pricing, photographs, list of CWP’ s amenities, product descriptions, etc. In addition, R2W expressly reserves the right to correct any errors on the Website at any time without prior notice.
R2W shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental or consequential Damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, your access to, display of or use of this Website or with the delay or inability to access, display or use this Website (including, but not limited to, your reliance upon opinions and/or ratings appearing on this Website), even if R2W advised of the possibility of such Damages.
R2W does not guarantee that the R2W App and/or Services will function on particular hardware or device.
CWP Ratings displayed on this Website are intended as only general guidelines, and R2W does not guarantee the accuracy of the ratings. If a CWP has no stars, then this does not mean that such CWP is not worthy of stars; it could just mean there have not been any Users to assess the stars. R2W and its respective suppliers make no guarantees about the availability of specific products and/or services base on any rating.
R2W makes no representations about the suitability of any information or third party’s content available on the Website for any purpose. Offering of any products and/or services through this Website does not constitute any endorsement or recommendation of such products and/or services by R2W. All Content and Services are provided „as is“ without warranty of any kind. R2W disclaims all warranties that this Website, its servers or any email sent from R2W and/or from third parties linked to the R2W Program are free of any harmful components. R2W hereby disclaims all warranties with regard to the Content, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular response, title and non- infringement.
Any CWP and/or any third-party entity publishing or otherwise promoting its services on the Website is independent contractor and is not an agent or employee of R2W. R2W does not perform any control of any CWP’s undertaking. R2W is not liable neither for the acts, errors, omissions, representations, warranties, breaches or negligence of any CWP or any third party, nor for any Damages resulting there from. R2W has no liability and will not refund any delay, cancellation, overbooking, strike, force majeure and/or other causes beyond its direct control, and it has no responsibility for any additional expenses, omissions, delays or acts of any government or authority.
If, despite the limitation above, R2W shall be found liable for any loss or Damage which arises out of or in any way connected with any of the occurrences described above, then the liability of R2W will in no event exceed, in the aggregate, the EUR 100, – (in words: one hundred Euro) or the equivalent in local currency. Such limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risks between R2W and User.
The limitations specified in this section of the Terms will survive, if not otherwise stipulated by the law on consumer protection, and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these Terms is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
9. INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify R2W and/or its Affiliates, suppliers and/or any of their officers, directors, employees and/or agents from and against any claims, causes of action, demands, recoveries, losses, Damages, fines, penalties or other costs or expenses of any kind or nature including but not limited to reasonable legal and accounting fees, brought by third parties as a result of:
1. your breach of these Terms or the documents referenced herein;
2. your violation of any law or the rights of a third party; or
3. your use of this Website.
10. ACCOUNT TERMINATION
User may properly terminate the contractual relationship between User and R2W relating to the Account in writing at any time without notice. Proper termination of such contractual relationship by R2W is only possible without stating reasons for doing so with (30) Days’ notice of termination given to User by email at the email address (provided by you as the Registration Detail). Upon the termination notice User has thirty (30) Days from the notice date to redeem available Virtual Tokens remaining in Account. After the lapse of such term, any Virtual Tokens will be forfeited without compensation.
In appropriate circumstances and at R2W’s sole discretion, in case of Subscribers or Account holders who are deemed to be repeat infringers, R2W may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Website and/or terminate the Accounts of any Users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
11. ASSIGNMENT
You are not entitled to assign, novate or otherwise transfer to a third party all or any part of the rights, interests, obligations or liabilities under these Terms without prior written consent of R2W.
By accepting these Terms and enrolling in the R2W Program you agree and give a consent to R2W at any time assigning, novating or otherwise transferring any of its rights, interests, obligations or liabilities under these Terms and waive any requirement for prior notice of such assignment, novation or transfer.
If R2W elects to assign all or any part of its rights, interests, obligations or liabilities under these Terms, the User shall be obliged to execute any agreement or notice of assignment acknowledging and agreeing to such assignment by R2W.
12. GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
These Terms and the contractual relation as such shall be exclusively governed by the laws of the Czech Republic, without regard to the conflict of laws principles.
Any disputes arising from these Terms or in connection therewith shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of and shall be finally resolved by the courts of the Czech Republic. In case the User has no general jurisdiction in Czech Republic, the jurisdiction is in Prague, Czech Republic.
You agree to give us an opportunity to resolve any disputes or claims relating in any way to the R2W Program, any dealings with CWP, any CWP Service, any representations made by us, or our Privacy Policy („Claims“) by contacting R2W Customer Support. If we are not able to resolve your Claims within 60 days, you may seek relief as set forth herein.
At least 14 Days prior to filing any judicial proceeding a party intending to initiate such a judicial proceeding must notify the other party in writing of the notice of the dispute.
13. SEVERABILITY
If the whole or any part of a provision of these Terms shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason by any Court of competent jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provision shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. The provision set forth under the Sections 5.-9., and 12. will survive termination or expiration of these Terms.
14. FINAL PROVISIONS
These Terms expressly supersede prior agreement or arrangements with you.
We retain the right at our sole discretion to cease offering or to deny access to anyone to the R2W Services, immediately at any time and for any reason without notice for material breach of these Terms.
These Terms are given in Czech, English and German language version. To avoid any doubt in the case of any differences between the language versions, the provisions of the Czech version shall prevail.
15. IMPRINT
Ready2Wash is a self service car wash software solution provided by:
Ready2Wash s.r.o (for EU region countries)
Postal Address:
Rybná 682/14, Staré Město, 110 00 Prague, Czech Republic
Country court of Prague
VAT Registration No.:CZ05335507
Sempra d.o.o. (for Serbia)
Postal address:
Bolmanska 8, 2100 Novi Sad, Serbia
Country court of Belgrade
VAT Registration No.: 109374723
CONTACT
Private and business seller and support:
0800242423 (Mo. – Fr.: 10:00 – 12:00h and 14:00 – 17:00h)
+420228883880 (Mo. – Fr.: 10:00 – 12:00h and 14:00 – 17:00h)
Ready2Wash – Support
Dealers:
+420228883880 (Mo. – Fr.: 10:00 – 12:00h and 14:00 – 17:00h)
Ready2Wash – Info
Email:
Ready2Wash – Contact
Last revised in Prague on May 2018. (c) 2018 Ready2Wash s.r.o. All rights reserved.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Ok
Privacy Policy
Go to Top