English
German
Spanish
French
Italian
Dutch
Br. Portuguese
Swedish
Polish
Russian
Indonesian
Japanese
Korean
Thai
Tagalog
Vietnamese
Simpl. Chinese
Trad. Chinese
Turkish
Privacy Policy
Last modified: May 22, 2024
Welcome to the GameHouse Privacy Policy which describes the way in which GameHouse collects and uses personal information when you use GameHouse products, services and websites. GameHouse is GameHouse LLC if you are using products or services through the Apple App Store, or RealNetworks LLC if you are using products, services and websites obtained through any other means.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information as necessary to operate effectively, provide and improve the products and services we offer, prevent fraud, communicate with you, and provide effective customer support. Such information may include:
Contact information, such as your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number;
Billing information, such as your credit card number when you make a purchase;
Demographic information, such as your gender or language preference;
Usage information, such as information relating to your interaction with a game including your player ID, play history, purchases, and activities on our websites such as pages visited, browser type, time and date of visit to website, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over during your visits; and
Device information, such as your unique device ID (persistent/ non-persistent), hardware, software, platform, and Internet Protocol (IP) address.
While most of this information comes directly from you, such as information you provide when you sign up for the service or information we automatically gather when you play our games, we sometimes receive information from third parties and affiliates, such as:
Partners with whom we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities;
Advertisers, about your experiences or interactions with their offerings;
Service providers that help us determine your device's location based on its IP address to customize certain products to your location; and
Social networking sites ("SNS") (like Facebook and Twitter) and other similar third-party services that make users' information available to others;
When you use a GameHouse product or service through an SNS, you allow us to access certain information you provided to that SNS. Such information may include your user ID, first and last name, profile picture, email address, and usage data for that product or service. By accessing a GameHouse product or service through an SNS, you are authorizing us to collect, store and use the information that you agreed the SNS could share with GameHouse. Our collection, storage and use of your information are governed by this Privacy Policy. We may access comments you share with the public on an SNS and use such material in accordance with the terms and policies of that SNS. If you do not want us to have such access, adjust your SNS privacy settings so that the applicable data is not shared with the public.
We protect data obtained from you and third parties according to the practices described in this Privacy Policy, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. When you are asked to provide personal information, you may also decline. But if you choose not to provide information that is necessary to provide a product or service, you may not be able to use that product or service.
We do not intentionally or knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 and our services are not targeted at children.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use information to enable our operations and to provide our products and services, including:
Verifying access rights to premium content or other access-restricted services and software;
Providing personalized content recommendations, language and location customization, and/or personalized help and instructions;
Determining if your device meets minimum system requirements to use our products, and providing information concerning compatibility and interoperability;
Delivering to you, and billing you for, our products and services;
Auto-updating downloaded products;
Providing interest-based advertisements including advertisements from our third-party advertising partners;
Developing aggregated statistics that help us better understand how our products and services are used and how to market them;
Improving our products and services, including fixing problems or improving the performance of features or content recommendations;
Tracking content use for the purpose of paying royalties and license fees to third-party providers such as game publishers; and
Communicating with you, such as sending you messages concerning your account and customer service issues; asking you to participate in surveys; and delivering news, updates, targeted advertising, promotions, and special offers.
HOW WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE
We are committed to protecting your personal information. We use the following controls to protect your personal information:
Secure connections using SSL to safeguard information when transmitted from your web browser to our servers;
Do not store bank or credit card information locally: These are processed by commercial payment service providers such as Zuora or the app stores such as Apple or Google.
Security controls to restrict access to databases housing personal information;
Limited employee access to databases containing personal information and confidentiality requirements imposed upon employees who do have access; and
Subcontractors bound by contractual, technical and organizational measures to honor our Privacy Policy or equivalent privacy standards.
HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We retain personal information only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, such as providing the services and fulfilling the transactions you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements, after which the information will be deleted or de-identified. Your personal information will also be deleted when you delete such information from our products and services, although certain aggregated data derived from these may be retained for limited purposes such as product improvement.
USE OF COOKIES
Please see our
Cookie Policy
for more information about how GameHouse and our business partners use cookies and similar technologies.
WHEN AND HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
We will not share your personal information with third parties without your consent, except as necessary for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. In order to effectively operate our services and also provide optimal customer experience we share personal information with the following partners.
Service Providers:
We may disclose relevant information about our customers to our service providers in order for them to provide specific services for GameHouse. For example, GameHouse shares personal information with third-party payment processors for billing purposes and processes some of your personal information using third-party data center service providers such as AWS.  GameHouse service providers are bound to keep all personal information they process confidential.
Analytics Providers:
We also use third-party analytics providers such as Google Analytics and AppsFlyer to help us compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our games and websites. Analytics providers set or read their own cookies, or other identifiers on your device, and transmit events through which they can collect information about your use of our websites or games and those of other companies.
Learn more about our analytic providers:
You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
Google's Privacy & Terms for Partners
or visit our
Cookie Policy
.
You can learn more about AppsFlyer by visiting
AppsFlyer Data Privacy
.
Advertisers:
We obtain services from third-party advertising companies to help ensure the advertisements about goods and services you see are likely to be of greater interest to you. These services currently include Google's Admob, DoubleClick and AdSense, and also Unity and FaceBook advertising platforms. Please
click here to see the complete list of third-party advertising companies
that may present ads, and their privacy practices. Please note that you may opt out from any of these advertising providers by contacting us. In addition, certain partners such as Google and Facebook permit users to directly use their privacy settings to manage personal information and ad preferences.
The advertising companies we work with may also use third-party cookies and/or web beacons to collect a unique ID number in combination with information such as click stream information, browser type, time, date, and subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over during your visits to this and other websites. Please review our Use of Cookies section to understand how we use cookies and how you can change cookie settings.
On mobile devices, these advertising companies sometimes collect and use advertising IDs provided by mobile operating systems, such as AAID and/or IDFA or IDFV. These advertising IDs can be controlled or reset through your mobile operating system's settings. Settings vary by device, but you will usually find advertising settings under "Privacy" or "Ads" in your device's settings. You may use these settings to remove personalization from the advertisements you see in your mobile devices.
When you search for specific content on GameHouse websites, the search terms may be embedded in the "search string" that appears in the URL display window of your web browser. Certain advertising services or third-party content providers may associate these search strings with cookies they set or retrieve from our pages.
To learn more about third-party targeted advertising, you can visit either the
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
or the
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
, each of which provides an easy way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies. European users can visit the
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
and for those of you in Canada, you can visit
Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
/
Choix de Pub: l'Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC)
.
Third party partners
In some cases, access to certain products and services may require the provision of personal information to a third party. In such cases, this will be stated during the registration process, in the terms of use, through the distribution process, or in a similar manner. A third party's use of such information is governed by that party's privacy policy. Please visit the privacy policy of that third party to make sure you understand how they use the personal information you provide to them. If you do not wish to share your personal information with third parties, you should not register for the applicable product or service. Additionally, we may be required to provide specific access and usage information to certain content providers and rights holders as a condition of content licensing and royalties. In addition, GameHouse websites may link to third-party websites or services. Certain GameHouse products and services may contain third-party plug-ins, such as the "share" button for Facebook or Twitter. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any such third-party websites, services, or plug-ins.
Legal and Compliance
Transfers
We may transfer your personal information in connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange or other disposition (whether of assets, stock or otherwise) of all or a portion of a business of RealNetworks and/or its subsidiaries.
GameHouse may also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law; (b) comply with the order of a competent judicial authority in any jurisdiction; (c) comply with legal process served on GameHouse or RealNetworks; (d) protect and defend the rights or property of RealNetworks; or (e) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of GameHouse products and services or the public at large.
HOW TO MANAGE E-MAIL COMMUNICATIONS FROM GAMEHOUSE
We will send marketing e-mail messages to you only in accordance with your preferences. You may change your communication preferences at any time by either: (a) selecting the opt-out option in any marketing message you receive or (b) if you have created an online account with GameHouse, changing your account settings to select whether or not to receive marketing messages. We may send you certain essential (non-promotional) e-mail messages about products or services you have previously purchased or to inform you about critical technical service issues relating to a GameHouse product or service even when you have opted out of marketing messages from us.
HOW TO ACCESS, UPDATE AND DELETE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We strive to give you autonomy over your personal information. To access your account information, update your preferences or delete your personal information, sign into your account on GameHouse.com, Zylom.com or your GameHouse Original Stories mobile application. You may also change your cookies settings by clicking
Cookie Policy
.
Please, also refer to the "Contact us on Privacy" section for additional ways of contacting us.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We revise this Privacy Policy as needed to keep it up to date with GameHouse products, services and websites. When we do, we will update the date at the top of this Policy. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
TRANSFER OF DATA TO OTHER COUNTRIES
We process information about our users on servers located in a number of countries. We may also subcontract processing or share your information with third parties located in countries other than your home country. Information collected within the European Economic Area and Switzerland may, for example, be transferred to, and processed in, a country outside of the European Economic Area and Switzerland. Wherever we process personal information, we do so according to the provisions of this Privacy Policy and the requirements of applicable law.
EU-U.S., UK EXTENTION TO EU-U.S., AND SWISS-U.S. DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK PROGRAM
We comply with the EU-U.S., UK Extension to EU-U.S., and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Program (collectively, "DPF") as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from the European Union and Switzerland, and have certified that we adhere to the DPF Principles. If there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern.
In absence of an adequacy decision, GameHouse provides appropriate safeguards for the transfers of personal data to a third country or an international organization such as, but not limited to, standard contractual clause, and binding corporate rules. In absence of an adequacy decision and appropriate safeguards, GameHouse will only make an international transfer of personal data if the transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract between you, as the data subject, and the controller, or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures taken at your request.
In some cases, we may remain liable if a third party processes personal data on our behalf in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles. To learn more about the DPF, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/list
.
If you have a question or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, we encourage you to contact us via our
web form
. For any complaints related to the DPF that cannot be resolved with us directly, you may seek resolution of your complaint by contacting the
International Centre for Dispute Resolution
, the international division of the American Arbitration Association. As further explained in the DPF Principles, binding arbitration is available to address residual complaints not resolved by other means. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
California Data Protection Rights
California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA) provides certain specific rights to California residents relating to their data. Those rights include the right to know the categories of personal information collected by us, sources of such information, how we use the information, the third parties with whom we share such information, and the right to delete such information. The following table provides you a summary of our data collection, use and sharing practices by data category in the preceding 12 months.  Please note that this information supplements the information provided in the sections above.
California residents also have the right to not be discriminated against if they choose to exercise any of the above rights.
Please refer to "how to access, update and delete your personal information section" to access your data.
Category & Source of personal information.
How we use it.
When and why we share it with third parties.
Identifiers.
We collect this category mostly from you when you register for the services or interact with our service. We may also get certain identifies from third parties such as social networking sites.
Information in this category includes name, email address, Internet Protocol address or postal address.
To contact you, enable the use of our services, and to understand how you interact with our products and services.
Service Providers - obtain support services such as credit card processing, data processing and secure data storage services.
Personal information under
California Civil Code section 1798.80
.
Example of information which fall under this category includes any information that is linked or linkable to an individual.
We collect this category from our users and third-party partners.
To enable the use of our services and enhance the user experience.
Service Providers - obtain support services.
Analytics Providers - to better understand your use of the services.
Third Party Partners - to provide additional products and services that can be added onto our products.
Commercial information.
We collect this category from you when you make purchases.
Example of information which fall under this category include credit card information, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories.
To provide you access to the service.
Service Providers - To process payments.
Analytics Providers - to better understand your use of the services.
Internet or other electronic network activity information.
We automatically collect this category when you interact with our website and other games and services.
Example of information which fall under this category includes browser type, time and date of visit to our website or other information relating to your interaction with our website or application.
To enable the use of our products and services, to understand how our users interact with products and services.
Service Providers - to obtain support service.
Analytics Providers - to better understand your use of the services.
Geolocation Data.
We collect this category from our users when you interact with our products and services.
We may also obtain this information from our service providers when we validate your location.
Example of information which fall under this category include physical location.
To offer localized products and services.
Service Providers and Analytics Partners.
Inferences.
We create these internally from our user interactions.
Example of information which fall under this category include inferences drawn from collected personal information or interaction with our products and/or website.
To provide you services and enhance your user experience.
Service Providers - only to obtain secure data processing and data storage services.
Certain advertisers can create their own profiles using cookies and other tracking techniques when they serve ads on our properties.
We currently do not offer personalized advertisements in California and therefore do not "sell" personal information of California residents to third parties, as defined by CCPA.
EU DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
We collect and process personal data about you with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the products and services you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfil other legitimate interests.
If the processing of personal data about you is subject to European Union data protection regulation, you have certain rights with respect to that data:
You may request access to, and rectification or erasure of, personal data;
If automated processing of your personal data is based on a contract with you or your consent, you have certain rights to data portability;
If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, you have a right to withdraw consent at any time (without affecting the lawfulness of processing that occurred before its withdrawal); and
You have a right to object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of personal data under certain circumstances.
You may exercise those rights by using the controls described in the "HOW
    TO ACCESS AND UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION" section above, or by
    contacting us as described below. When we are processing data on behalf of
    another party that is the "data controller," you should direct your request to that party. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns.
GOVERNING VERSION
In the event of any inconsistency or conflict between the English version of this Privacy Policy and any translation thereof in another language, the English version shall govern and take precedence.
CONTACT US ABOUT PRIVACY
If you have a question for us about this Privacy Policy, the privacy aspects of our products and services, the information concerning you that GameHouse has retained, or would like to make a complaint, please contact us:
Via mail:
Privacy Policy Group
Games Division
RealNetworks LLC
P.O. Box 91123
Seattle, WA 98111-9233
Via email:
For Zylom website:
security@zylom.com
For GameHouse websites:
security@gamehouse.com
For mobile games:
mobilesupport@gamehouse.com
Via our web form:
click here
.
Index:
what personal information we collect
how we use your personal information
how we keep your personal information secure
how long do we retain your personal information?
use of cookies
when and how we share personal information with third parties
how to manage e-mail communications from gamehouse
how to access, update and delete your personal information
changes to our privacy policy
transfer of data to other countries
eu-u.s., uk extention to eu-u.s., and swiss-u.s. data privacy framework program
california data protection rights
eu data protection rights
governing version
contact us about privacy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://www.appsflyer.com/product/data-privacy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
English
Français
日本語
Русский
Español
简体中文
한국어
Deutsch
Portuguese
Tiếng Việt
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Security at AppsFlyer
How we ensure your data is protected
Staying ahead of the risks in an ever-evolving mobile ecosystem is crucial to the success of your business. Our platform is designed with security at the center, and backed by a dedicated team of experts who are always working to ensure your data is protected
Partner announcements and communications?
Click here
Security is an essential part of our product inside and out. From strict checkpoints in our security development lifecycle to continuous monitoring of our infrastructure and applications, we make sure our platform is secure 24/7/365. We’ve also implemented extensive measures to make sure your experience is safe and secure every time you log in to your account.
The cloud is an extension of our business. That’s why we only work with partners like AWS and GCP who hold the same high standards security and compliance as we do. We monitor environments across data centers using multi-layered controls to help protect our infrastructure in addition to anti-DDoS protection, WAF, API protection tools, and continuous 24/7 monitoring.
Making sure your data is fresh, accurate is our number one priority. That’s why we’ve created a business continuity plan that ensures critical operations and services are always available. Our services are hosted on a globally distributed network that provides continuous activity and provide multiple backups, allowing our servers to remain resilient in the event of significant failures.
Data security is a critical part of our efforts to help both you and your users. Our web servers support strong encryption protocols to secure connections between customer devices and our web services and APIs. All data is encrypted, both in transit and at rest leaving no vulnerabilities. There are also additional advanced options such as IP masking which you can implement at any time.
“We’re always on high alert. Always. We check and recheck our activity and seek to improve ourselves in every aspect in order to protect our systems. We don’t just check boxes, we are constantly thinking about how we can expand and go beyond.”
Sub-policy 2
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/list:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;