Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
09/01/2024
Thank
you for visiting our website. Shiekh Shoes, LLC, its subsidiaries, or its
affiliates (referred to as “Shiekh”, "we," "us," or
"our" herein) desires to protect your information, as such we have
developed this Privacy Policy, which describes the information we may collect
when you use visit our located at, or linked to, the URLs www.shiekh.com, and
the use of any of our co-branded websites that we maintain (which website
contains a link to this Privacy Policy) and the services that may be offered on
each of the sites; the ability to order products and receive newsletters and
promotional emails; and any related links ( the "Sites") or mobile
applications (the "Apps") (collectively the "Services"). For
clarity, this Privacy Policy also governs our data collection and use practices
on the Shiekh brand Sites and Apps (which are considered Services as defined
herein), including, the Karmaloop, PLNDR and MLTD websites.This Privacy Policy
is incorporated into and made a part of our Terms of Use
and any other agreement that
references this Privacy Policy or governs access to or use of the Services (the
“Terms”).
By accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the Services, by
accepting or entering into our Terms, you agree on behalf of yourself and any
organization or company that you represent (together, “you”) that you have read
and understand this Privacy Policy and that you consent to our collection, use,
and disclosure of your personal information and other information pursuant to
the terms of this Privacy policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy,
do not access or use the Services.
Please
be advised that this Privacy Policy replaces all previous policies regarding
our data collection and information use practices. Please check back frequently
as we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy, and to apply any changes
to information previously collected, as permitted by law. If there are material
changes to this Privacy Policy or our information practices change in the
future, we will notify you by posting the updated Privacy Policy on this
website. By continuing to use the Services, you agree to the collection, use
and disclosure of your personal information as described in any such updated Privacy
Policy. If you do not agree, please do not use the Services.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1.
Types of Information We Collect & Use
2.
Information We May Automatically Collect
3.
Tracking Options and DO NOT TRACK
4.
Your Choices and Access
5.
Additional Information for Certain U.S. Residents
6.
Additional Information for EEA Individuals
7.
Exercise Your Rights
8.
Ability to Opt-Out of Marketing Emails
9.
Links to Other Sites & Embedded Content
10.
Security & Retention
11.
Children’s Privacy
12.
Customer Service and Contact Information
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT & USE
Collection
. We will collect any and all information that you choose to submit to us through, using, or in connection
with the Services, including, without limitation, the types of information
described below.
Examples and Subcategories
Purposes (defined below)
Identifiers
Your first and last name, email address, postal address, telephone number, and
  date of birth.
Usernames, login
  information (including, for example, passwords), social media accounts and
  login information.
·
Services and Purpose Collected; Communication with You.
·
Personalization; Advertising; Analytics.
·
Promotional Communications.
·
Disclosing Collected Information.
·
Evaluation and Improvement.
·
Quality Assurance.
·
De-Identified Data and Aggregated Data.
·
Lawful Processes; Protection of Company.
·
Business Transactions.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity
Web browser, IP addresses, MAC Address, log files, login
  information, cookies, pixels, beacons, other unique online identifiers, and
  device and user activity information (e.g., search parameters, online
  activity such as date and time of accessing our websites, website addresses
  accessed, the length of website visit, and other usage data).
Commercial Information
Amount
  and types of orders, Services and products requested or purchased, shipping
  information.
Geolocation Information
Approximate geolocation through IP Address.
Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal,
  Olfactory, or Similar Information
Photos and videos you upload to the Services (e.g., those associated with product
  reviews).
Contact Forms and Requests for Information or Support
The Identifiers
  you submit, details about the products or services you are interested in, the
  entity you represent, and the subject matter you are interested in.
Inferences
Preferences, behaviors, characteristics (including, for example, age, gender), and similar
  information inferred from the above categories of information.
Step Rewards Data
With your prior
  consent, we collect your step count data through your mobile device in order
  to track your steps as a part of our Sheikh Green Rewards Program. See the
Green Rewards Terms
for more information.
·
With your consent
·
Lawful Process; Protection of Company
·
As
  directed by you or for the performance of an agreement with you,
  including—for example, to provide services and products requested by you—as
  reasonably expected in the context of such performance.
Purposes We Process Your Information For
. In addition to the uses and sharing described above, Shiekh and its suppliers may
use and disclose the information we collect through the Services as described
below. We do not use, sell, rent, or otherwise disclose collected information
except as stated in this Privacy Policy and as required or permitted by
applicable law.
·
Services and Purpose Collected; Communication with You.
We will use and share
your personal information and other information for the purpose for which it
was collected, for example, to process and communicate with you in connection
with your use of the Services (including, for example, your purchases and account
activity), your requests for information, User-Generated Content you provide,
to administer your account (where applicable) and Shiekh business activities,
to provide customer support to users of the Services, and to provide you
communications that you request.
·
Personalization;
Advertising; Analytics.
To tailor the content and
information that we may send or display to you, to suggest personalized help
and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experience while visiting
or using our Services. Additionally, we may collect your information and share
it with our third party service providers to understand how our Services are
used and to improve the Services (as described further in the “Analytics”
section of the
Privacy Policy
below). Further, we may use your information for us, or our third party service
providers, to use that information to target advertisements for goods and
services and to display those advertisements on other websites. The information
collected may be associated with your personal information. For more
information, please see the “Advertising Networks, Personalized Advertising,
Remarketing, and Retargeting” section of the
Privacy Policy
below.
·
Promotional Communications.
Shiekh may, to the extent permitted by applicable law and in accordance with your
preferences, use information we collect to send you promotional communications
about Shiekh and our products and services. Shiekh will obtain your prior consent for such
promotional communications solely to the extent required by applicable law. In
order to provide you with a personalized experience, these communications may
be tailored to your preferences based on, for example, inferences we make using
your visits to the Services or the links you click on in Shiekh emails. Please note
that pixel tags, cookies and other online trackers may be used within emails to
track your interactions with those websites and when emails are opened. You may
opt out of receiving promotional communications from us at any time by
following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the applicable email or by
contacting us using the contact information provided below under “
Contact Us
.”
Specifically with regard to text messaging, if you opt in to receiving text
messages (SMS and MMS) on the Services when prompted, Shiekh may send you
autodialed and other text messages at the telephone number you provide relating
to your use of the Services. Consenting to receiving text messages is not
required to buy goods or services or to otherwise do business with us. Message
and data rates may apply. See our
Terms of Use
for more information on our text message marketing practices. Note that, even
if you opt out of receiving promotional communications from Shiekh, you may still
receive administrative communications from us with respect to your use of the
Services.
·
Disclosing Collected Information
.
·
To our Affiliates, Subsidiaries, and Related Entities:Based on how you use
the Services and the information that you provide to or request from us, we may
disclose your name, contact information, and related information with our
affiliated companies who have products or services that we think may be of
interest to you. By providing us your personal information and using the
Service, you hereby direct us to disclose your information to our affiliates,
subsidiaries and other related entities. Our affiliated companies may contact
you directly with respect to such products and services, provided that if
applicable law requires, your prior consent will be obtained. You may opt out
of receiving communications from any such affiliated Shiekh pursuant to that
affiliate’s own policies. You may opt out of receiving communications from us
by contacting us using the information below under “Contact Us.”
·
To Our Third-Party Suppliers and Service Providers:
We will disclose personal information to our and our affiliates’ respective suppliers, vendors, and service providers
as necessary for us to provide the Services and our products and services to
you and to engage in the use and sharing of personal information as permitted
by this Privacy Policy and applicable law. These third parties include, without
limitation, our website management and hosting suppliers, fraud prevention
providers, security incident monitoring and prevention providers, customer
support providers, those handling the processing and delivery of mailings,
cloud storage providers, marketing and advertising partners and service
providers, website analytics providers, payment processors (if and as
applicable), product installers, and email service suppliers. Our service
providers are authorized to and may use and disclose personal information as
necessary for them to provide the applicable products and services to us and as
provided by their own privacy policies and our agreements with those third
parties.
·
Evaluation and Improvement.
We may use and disclose personal information to analyze, develop, and improve
the content, materials, products, and services that we provide; to inform
marketing and communication plans and strategies; to understand user
demographics and preferences; to analyze the effectiveness of the Services; and
to evaluate user needs and customize Services content and the user experience.
To better understand how users access and use our Services, both on an aggregated
an individualized basis, including monitoring, evaluating, and analyzing which
features and portions of the Services are most popular; for troubleshooting,
for statistical purposes, including, for example, identifying geographic
regions of visitors to our Services; evaluating frequently asked questions from
visitors; and for other statistical purposes.
·
Quality Assurance.
To perform quality assurance and to continuously improve our customers’
experience, to assist with fraud identification, and to assist our customer
relationship representatives (for example, through representatives in our call
center), we use tools to monitor and record certain user experience
information, including, without limitation, audio of customer service calls and
information resulting from such calls.
·
De-Identified and Aggregated Data.
We may de-identify and/or aggregate personal information
and User-Generated Content, and aggregate other personal information, and use
and disclose that aggregate and/or de-identified data for our business
purposes, in each case to the extent permitted by applicable law. To the extent
we create de-identified and/or aggregate personal information, we take
reasonable measures designed to maintain such information in de-identified
and/or aggregate form. Once de-identified or aggregated, we will not attempt to
re-identify the data (other than to confirm our de-identification and
aggregation processes worked).
·
Lawful Processes; Protection of Company.
We may use and share personal information in
accordance with and in response to regulatory authorities, courts with
competent jurisdiction, valid law enforcement requests, governmental agency
requests, emergency services, and other necessary third parties for legal,
protection, security, and safety purposes (e.g., to comply with laws or
regulations, to respond to subpoenas and legal processes, to perform credit
checks, to protect the safety of our employees, agents, and customers, or any
other person). We may use personal information and share it with third parties
if we believe doing so is necessary or appropriate to protect our rights or the
rights of others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms, to
bring legal action, to protect our operations and assets, or to pursue remedies
or limit damages that we may sustain.
·
Business Transactions.
If Shiekh undergoes a change in control, acquisition, merger, reorganization, asset sale
            (in whole or in part), or similar transaction, we may transfer, sell, share, or otherwise disclose personal
            information to the subsequent owner(s) or successor(s) of those transactions. We may also disclose personal
            information in connection with the evaluation of those transactions. Those owner(s), successor(s), and
            other recipients will be bound by this Privacy Policy as it applies to the information disclosed.
            Also, if Shiekh or any of its assets are acquired or if Shiekh goes out of business, enters bankruptcy,
            or goes through some other change in control or reorganization, personal information may be one of the
            assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
·
With Your Consent.
With your consent, we may use and share your personal information and other personal
information in ways not specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
Disclosures to Third Parties.
Pursuant to and consistent with the purposes for collecting your information as set
forth in this Privacy Policy we disclose certain categories of personal information to third parties
for a business (or other) purpose.
Categories of Third Parties Disclosed to
Purposes for Disclosure
Identifiers
Affiliates, Subsidiaries, and Related Entities.
Subsequent owner(s), successor(s), or assignee(s) of Company.
Our banking partners (see “Rewards Card” below for more information).
Third Party Service
  Providers, which include, for example, payment processing companies, data
  analytics and advertising providers, fraud prevention providers, cloud
  storage providers, IT service providers, delivery partners, and marketing
  companies.
Law Enforcement.
·
Services and Purpose Collected; Communication with You.
·
Personalization; Advertising; Analytics.
·
Promotional Communications.
·
Disclosing Collected Information.
·
Evaluation and Improvement.
·
Quality Assurance.
·
De-Identified Data and Aggregated Data.
·
Lawful Processes; Protection of Company.
·
Business Transactions.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity
Commercial Information
Contact Forms and Requests for Information or Support
Inferences
Payment
. Payments submitted in connection with the
Services must be made via the Services by credit, debit card, or through
alternate payment methods (such as Google Pay, PayPal, etc.) where such
alternate payment methods are made available as an option. Please note that
alternate payment methods may be provided by third parties (e.g., Google Pay
via Google), subject to that third party’s privacy policy. This privacy policy
does not apply to such third party’s collection and use of your information.
Please review the applicable third party’s privacy policy. With regard to
credit and debit card payment, all credit and debit card information is
provided directly to our third-party payment processor. Shiekh does not directly
access, handle, or store your credit or debit card information. To submit
payment using the Services, you will need to provide us with your contact
information (e.g., name, address, email address, telephone number) and your
credit or debit card information to our payment processors. Our payment processor
will use your payment-related information in accordance with its privacy
policy. Where online storefront on the Services is hosted or powered by a third
party, we encourage you to review any posted terms and privacy policies.
Rewards Card
. If you join the Shiekh rewards
program, you may be eligible to apply for a Shiekh-branded card. The credit
card is provided by our banking partners and we may share your information and
the information we collect with such banking partners such as Sunbit, which issues
the Shiekh credit card.
User-Generated Content
. You are responsible
for any data, information, images, messages, documents, and other content that
you enter, submit, create, post, upload, transmit, or otherwise provide through
or using the Services, including by providing feedback, participating in forums
or discussion boards, by uploading or providing photographs, by submitting
product reviews or testimonials, by commenting on blog posts, or by populating
a user account or profile (where such options are made available to you).
“User-Generated Content” means all data, feedback, information, images,
messages, documents, and other content that is entered into, submitted to,
posted on, uploaded to, transmitted, streamed, created, or displayed using, or otherwise
provided via or using the Services by you or on your behalf. All User-Generated
Content is provided at your own risk. We cannot guarantee that User-Generated
Content you provide will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. You understand
that, even after removal, copies of User-Generated Content you have provided
may remain viewable in cached and archived pages and may have been copied or
stored by Internet archives and other Service users. We will make
User-Generated Content available, including publicly available, to other
Service users and to the public, as applicable and at its sole discretion, and
will use and disclose User-Generated Content for the purpose for which it was
provided as indicated at the point of collection. For more information on
User-Generated Content, please review our
Terms
of Use
.
Job Applications
. If you submit a
resume, job application, or related materials or other information to us or
through the Services, we may use that information to evaluate your
qualifications and consider or respond to your inquiry or application. Your
submission of a resume, job application, or related information does not in any
way require Shiekh to review that information or consider you for employment. To view career
opportunities at Shiekh or to submit a job application you may be redirected to an online career portal
operated by a third party. We encourage you to review any terms and privacy
policies posted on that portal.
INFORMATION WE MAY AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT
As you navigate and use the Services, certain information can be passively collected
using various technologies. We passively collect a variety of types of
information in a variety of ways, including as described below.
User Activity.
We collect information on how the Services are used, for
example, the features you use, the links that you click on, your search
parameters, data reflecting transactions that have taken place using the
Services, how you interact with other users, performance statistics, and other
usage data. We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit
our Services (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your
computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the
pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time
spent on those pages and other statistics.
IP Addresses and Related Data.
The servers used to operate and provide the
Services may collect data pertaining to you and the equipment, software, and
communication methods you use to access the Internet and the Services,
including IP addresses assigned to the computers and other devices from where
you access the Internet, your Internet service provider (ISP), device ID
numbers and unique identifiers, your media access control (MAC) address, your
operating system, your device’s screen resolution, your web browser type, the
pages you access on the Services, the websites you access before and after
visiting the Services, the length of time you spend on the Services, date and
time stamps, clickstream data, your approximate geographic location, performance
statistics, and usage data. Shiekh may use this information to administer the
Services and their servers, to generate statistical information, to monitor and
analyze Service traffic and usage patterns, to monitor and help prevent fraud,
to investigate complaints and violations of our policies, and to improve the
Services.
We may
combine this information with other information (including personal
information) and information obtained from third parties for security reasons
and to protect our rights or the rights of others. The suppliers that we use to
provide the Services may collect information about your visits to the Services
and other websites. Some of this information may be collected using cookies and
similar tracking technologies as explained below under “
Cookies and Tracking
Technologies
.”
Analytics.
The Services use third-party analytics tools (e.g., Google Analytics) to collect
and process data about your use of the Services, including when you visit the
Services, URLs of the websites that you visit prior to visiting the Services
and when you visit those websites, and IP addresses assigned to the devices
from where you access the Internet. Our analytics providers may set and read
cookies to collect this data and your web browser will automatically send data
collected by those cookies to our analytics providers. Our analytics providers
use this data to provide us with reports that we will use to improve the
Services’ structure and content.
For more information on how Google uses this data, visit
Google’s Privacy Notice
and Google’s page on
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
To prevent this data from being used by Google Analytics, follow the
instructions to download and install the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
for each browser you use. Using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
will not prevent Shiekh from using other analytics tools and will
not prevent data from being sent to the Service itself or to Google. For more
information about how Google Analytics uses cookies to measure user
interactions on websites, visit
Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites
. You
may disable cookies as discussed below, but that may impact your use and
enjoyment of the Service.
Advertising
Networks, Personalized Advertising, Remarketing, and Retargeting.
From
time to time the Services may use or participate in advertising networks and
related advertising services that are managed and provided by third-party
advertising servers, advertising agencies, technology vendors, and research
firms, including Google Ads and advertising services provided by Meta
(sometimes referred to the Meta “tracking pixel”).
These
services collect information about your visits to and interactions with the
Services and other websites and will use that information to target
advertisements for goods and services and to display those advertisements on
other websites. The information collected may be associated with your personal
information.
Advertising
networks often gather data about consumers who view advertisements to make
inferences about a consumer’s interests and preferences, which enables their
computers to deliver advertisements directly targeted to the consumer’s
specific interests. This practice is often referred to as “online behavioral advertising.”
For example, a third-party advertising network might collect the type of web
browser you use, the type of computer operating system you use, the domain name
of a website you visit, whether or not you visit specific pages of the Services
and other websites, the location of your Internet service provider, the date
and time of a visit to a website, and other interactions between you and a
website.
Through
Google Ads, Google uses your Internet searches, cookies, and similar
identifiers (e.g., pixel tags) to collect information about your visits to the
Service and your interaction with our products and services to generate
targeted advertisements to you on other websites that you visit across the
Internet. We may also enable and implement Google Analytics Advertising
Features on the Services. To opt out of remarketing advertising provided
through Google, to customize your ad preferences, or to limit Google’s
collection or use this information, visit
Google’s Safety Center
and
Google’s Ad Settings
and follow
Google’s personalized ad opt-out instructions
. Opting out will not affect your use of the Service.
For
certain Meta advertising services, Meta Ireland is a Joint Controller (as
defined in the GDPR) and that information required under the GDPR related to
such processing can be found at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
. We
work with Meta and use their advertising services to measure and improve our
ads and marketing efforts, as well as to display more relevant advertising to
you. For further information on how Meta Ireland processes your personal
information, including the legal basis, and the ways to exercise your rights,
please visit
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
.
To
change your preferences with respect to certain online ads and to obtain more
information about third-party ad networks and online behavioral advertising,
please visit the
National Advertising Initiative Consumer opt-out page
or the
Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Program
.
Please remember that changing your settings with individual web browsers or ad
networks will not necessarily carry over to other browsers or ad networks. As a
result, depending on the opt-outs you request, you may still see our ads from
time to time. Your device may also include a feature (“Limit Ad Tracking” on
iOS or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” on Android) that allows you to opt out of
having certain information collected through apps used for behavioral
advertising purposes.
Social Media.
The Services may implement widgets, tools, or applications
provided by social media platforms and the Services may otherwise allow for
interaction, integration, or content sharing with third-party social media
platforms and companies. We may be required to implement cookies, plug-ins, and
APIs provided by those social media platforms in order to facilitate those
communications and features. By choosing to use any third-party social media
platform or choosing to share content or communications with any social media
platform, you allow us to share information with the designated social media
platform. Interactions, integrations, and content sharing with a social media
platform and their features may require or allow the social media Shiekh to
collect information from or about you, whether through cookies, registration
information, or otherwise. Social media companies may track your online
activity even when you do not choose to interact with the social media platform
or its widgets or other features. We encourage you to review the privacy policy
of any social media platform that you use or visit in connection with the
Services, as those platforms’ respective privacy policies will govern their
collection, use, and disclosure of information they collect from you. We cannot
control any policies or terms of such third party platform. As a result, we
cannot be responsible for any use or disclosure of your information or content
by third-party platforms, which you use at your own risk.
The
Services may also use the advertising services and networks offered by social
media platforms to deliver advertising content. Use of these services requires
social media platforms to implement cookies or pixel tags to deliver ads to you
while you are logged into the applicable social media platform.
If you
do not want social media platforms to collect information relating to you via
the Services or to link information collected via the Services to your social
media accounts, we suggest that you: (a) do not connect to or share information
with social media platforms using the Services; (b) hide social media platform
plug-ins using an ad blocker; (c) always log off completely from social media
platforms before visiting the Services or other websites and delete all related
cookies; and, (d) where the option is made available by a social media
platform, disable the advertising services and networks operated by that
platform. For example, you may opt out of Twitter’s interest-based advertising
by notifying Twitter through one of the methods it describes
here
. You
hereby acknowledge that Shiekh makes no guarantee that exercising the foregoing
options is guaranteed to prevent applicable social media platforms from
tracking you and, further, you acknowledge that Shiekh is not responsible for a
social media platform’s tracking of you.
OurSocial Media Pages.
Shiekh is active on social media. You may have the opportunity
to comment on social media platforms regarding, as well as send us reviews and
testimonials regarding, Shiekh and the products and services we offer and/or to
submit or upload related photos and other materials. Shiekh reserves the right
to post on the Services, other websites, and social media pages any comments,
photos, or content that you post on our social media pages or provide to us
(whether through social media or otherwise) to the extent permitted by
applicable law.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies.
The Services automatically use cookies to
track your use of the Services in order to facilitate and enhance the user
experience on the Services and for other purposes as described below. Cookies
are small pieces of information that are stored on your device’s hard drive by
your web browser. We use cookies to learn and track how you access and use the
Services, including when and how users visit the Services and how popular
particular Service pages are and aren’t. We also use cookies to recognize
Services users, to help display information on the Services, and to improve
your enjoyment and the usefulness of the Services, for example, by remembering
and displaying certain information.
The
Services may use both cookies that we implement and cookies implemented by our
suppliers and other third parties. “First-party” cookies allow your browser to
talk to the actual website that you are visiting, whereas “third-party” cookies
allow your browser to talk to third-party websites, such as the source of an ad
that appears on the website you are visiting or a third-party analytics
provider. Our suppliers may use cookies and tracking technologies to track
Service users across the Internet to understand how you get to the Services and
for the analytics purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy. We do
not have access to or control over these cookies and this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of third-party cookies.
        Click
here
for information on the cookies used by Meta. Click
here
and
here
for
information on the cookies used by Google.
A cookie
can either be a “session” cookie or a “persistent” cookie. Session cookies
exist only for so long as you are visiting the applicable website. Session
cookies are typically deleted or removed when you exit or quit your browser
application. Persistent cookies exist for a set period of time, for example,
six (6) months or one (1) year. Each time you visit a website that has
implemented a persistent cookie, that cookie will remain active until its
predetermined expiration date. You can also manually delete persistent cookies
as discussed above.
The
types of information collected by a cookie and the purposes for which that
information is used depend on the type of cookie. By way of illustration, the
types of cookies used, the types of information collected by those cookies, and
the purposes for which that information is used are described below. We may
combine information collected by cookies with other collected information.
·
Operationally necessary cookies (also called essential cookies).
These
are cookies that are required for the operation of the Services. For example,
these cookies are required to identify irregular website behavior, prevent
fraudulent activity, and improve security. They also allow users of the
Services to make use of its functions. Without these cookies, features and
services you have requested will not be able to be provided.
·
Functional cookies.
These cookies allow us to offer
you enhanced functionality when accessing or using the Services. This may
include to remembering choices you make, for example, remembering your
preferences or settings, remembering if you reacted to something on or through
the Services so that you are not asked to react to it again, remembering if you
have used any feature of the Services before, and enabling social media
components. If functional cookies are disabled, various functions of the
Services may be unavailable to you or may not work the way you want them to.
·
Performance cookies (also called analytical cookies).
These
cookies assess the performance of the Services, including as part of our
analytic practices to help us understand how visitors use and interact with the
Services, for example, which pages on our websites users visit most often.
These cookies also enable us to personalize content and remember your
preferences. These cookies help us improve the way our websites work and
provide a better, personalized user experience.
·
Advertising or targeted cookies.
These
cookies record your visits to the Services, the pages you visit on our
websites, and the links you have clicked. They gather information about your
browsing habits and remember that you have visited a particular website. Shiekh
and its third-party advertising platforms or networks may use this information
to make the Services and its content more relevant to your interests (this is
sometimes called “behavioral” or “targeted” advertising and is further discussed
above). These cookies are also used to limit the number of times you see an
advertisement and to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
To find out more about interest-based ads and your choices, please visit the
Digital Advertising Alliance
, the
Network Advertising Initiative
, the
Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) Europe
,
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
, and
http://www.youronlinechoices.com
.
For more
information about cookies, including about advertising cookies and your choices
regarding cookies, we suggest you visit the following websites:
https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0042-online-tracking
;
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
; and
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
Most
browsers automatically accept cookies. Browsers generally also allow users to
manage cookies in the browser’s settings. For example, a browser may allow you
to reject cookies from certain websites, reject certain types of cookies
regardless of the website, reject or disable all cookies from all websites,
and/or delete previously stored cookies. Some browsers also give you the option
of being notified every time a cookie is sent to your browser by a website. You
can disable or limit cookies but doing so may impact your use and enjoyment of
the Services and other websites. For example, the Services may not be able to
be personalized for you, may no longer capture or remember your preferences or
other choices you have made on the Services in the past, and may not remember
your name or contact information or other information you have entered using
the Services, and our website may not recognize the device(s) you use to access
the Services.
Changing
your cookie preferences in one browser will not necessarily carry over to other
browsers, so you may need to adjust your preferences each time you get a new
device, install a new browser, upgrade an existing browser, or alter or delete
a browser’s cookie file.
The
Services may also use the following types of tracking technologies: web beacons
(also called clear GIFs), flash cookies, and pixels (also called pixel tags).
Web beacons are tiny graphics with unique identifiers that function similar to
how cookies function but, in contrast to cookies, web beacons are embedded
invisibly on websites. Flash cookies collect and store information about your
use of a website and are commonly used for advertisements and videos. Cookie
management tools provided by your browser will not remove and cannot be used to
manage Flash cookies. Click
here
for
information on how to manage Flash cookies. Pixel tags can be placed on websites
or within emails to track your interactions with those websites and when emails
are opened.
TRACKING
OPTIONS AND DO NOT TRACK
You may
adjust your browser settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies,
but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the Services or
take full advantage of our offerings. Even without a cookie, you can still take
advantage of most of the features of our Sites or Apps, including making a
purchase, but we will not be able to recognize you as a registered user unless
you log in. Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from
some or all browsers.
However,
residents of certain U.S. states may opt out by broadcasting an Opt-Out
Preference Signal under applicable law, including the Global Privacy Control
(GPC), depending on which browsers and/or browser extensions you use that may
support such a signal. To look at extensions and browsers supporting the GPC
browser signal, visit here:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
. Note that if you choose to use the GPC signal, you will need to turn it on for each
supported browser or browser extension you use.
YOUR
CHOICES AND ACCESS
The purpose of this section of the
Privacy Policy is to
inform you of our privacy options. Some U.S. states and other jurisdictions
outside of the U.S. provide these options and rights to their residents.
Depending on the laws applicable to Shiekh’s processing of your
personal information and the location in which you reside, you may have the
ability to exercise the rights listed below and in this section of the Privacy Policy.
Subject to foregoing, in addition to all application limitations, exemptions,
or exceptions—regarding our collection and use of your personal
information—these rights may include, to the extent applicable:
Right to Confirm:
The right to confirm
     whether we are processing your personal information.
Right to Access
: You may have the right to request access to any of
     your personal information that we hold. Specifically,
     you may have the right to request the disclosure of (1) what personal
     information has been collected; (2) the categories of sources from which
     the personal information was collected; (3) the business or commercial
     purpose for collection or selling personal information; (4) the categories
     of third parties with whom we share personal information; and (5) the
     specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Right to Data Portability
: You may have the right to receive all such personal information about you from Shiekh in a structured,
     commonly used and machine-readable format, and also to require us to
     transmit it to another entity where this is technically feasible.
Right to Deletion
: You may have the right to request the deletion of
     your personal information that we have collected.
Right to Correction
: You may have the right to request the correction of your personal
     information that we collected.
Right to Lodge a Complaint
: You also may have the right to lodge a complaint
     with a government regulator (e.g., your state attorney general) or
     supervisory authority, in particular in your country of residence, if you
     consider that the collection and use of your personal information violates
     this Privacy Policy or applicable law.
To exercise these rights, please see the “Exercise Your Rights” section of the Privacy Policy
        below. Additionally, if you have any concerns, complaints, or other issues with regard to our
collection, use or other processing of your personal information, please
contact us via the means set forth under the “Contact Us” section of the Privacy Policy below.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR CERTAIN U.S. RESIDENTS
Certain U.S. states require additional
disclosures and provide users residing in such U.S. states with additional
choices and rights. This section of the Privacy Policy only applies to
individuals located in such U.S. states and where such U.S. state data protection
laws apply to Shiekh’s
processing of your personal information.
Sources.
Consistent with the Privacy Policy above, we
collect certain categories of personal information directly from you and, in
some circumstances, third parties. The categories of sources that we collect
personal information from in the prior 12 months includes the following:
·
Our third party service providers;
·
Advertising networks;
·
Affiliated, subsidiaries, and related companies;
·
Third party websites and mobile applications (e.g., websites that share information with us or our
            advertising partners);
·
Social media companies;
·
Our Services; and
·
Your communications with us.
Sensitive Personal Information
. As noted above, we collect your step count in connection with the Shiekh Green Rewards
Program. Under certain U.S. state laws, this may be considered sensitive
personal information. We will only collect such information after receiving
your prior consent to do so and in connection with our provision of the Shiekh
Green Rewards program. We do not sell or share sensitive personal information
with any third parties for cross-contextual behavioral or targeted advertising.
We also do not share or disclose sensitive personal information with third
parties for their own, independent purposes. You have the ability to disable
the disclosure of this information to us at any time by deleting and
de-activating your Shiekh Green Rewards account.
Rights
. Applicable laws in
your jurisdiction may grant you certain rights—subject to all applicable
limitations, exemptions, or exceptions—regarding our collection and use of your
personal information. In addition to those rights set forth in the “Your
Choices and Access” section of the Privacy Policy above, these rights
may include, to the extent applicable and to the extent granted under
applicable law:
·
The right to opt-out of targeted advertising and the sharing of
personal information that is shared for cross-contextual behavioral advertising
purposes;
·
The right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information;
·
The right to not be discriminated against due to your exercise of your rights under applicable law.
We do not discriminate against users for exercising the rights granted to them
under applicable law and that are applicable to our processing of your personal
information.
We do not use your personal information to profile you in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or significantly
similar effects (as may be defined under applicable law).
The above rights are only exercisable by you where the applicable law grants you the right being exerted and where no
exception or exemption under applicable law applies. You may also have a registered agent (if and only as permitted under
applicable law) that you authorize to act on your behalf. If you have a
registered agent act on your behalf, we have the right to authenticate such
agent’s authority to act. To exercise the rights
described herein (only to the extent applicable), you may submit a verifiable
request to us by through the methods set forth under the “Exercise Your
Rights” section below.
Selling and Sharing
. We do not sell your
personal information as the concept of “selling” is traditionally understood as
being the exchange of something for money. However, we sell your personal
information to, and share your personal information with, third parties for the
purpose of cross-contextual behavioral advertising purposes (e.g., targeted
advertising and remarketing). Applicable U.S. state data protection laws hold
such disclosures and sharing to be considered “selling” or “sharing”.
Therefore, you have the right to opt out of such selling and sharing. In the
preceding 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of
personal information with the following categories of third parties and for the
following purposes:
Category of Personal Information Sold or Shared
Category of Third-Party Recipient
Purpose
Identifiers
Analytics, marketing, advertising, and remarketing partners and service providers
Analytical and targeted advertising purposes (including, without limitation, cross-contextual
  behavioral advertising).
Specifically, to target advertisements for goods and services and to display those advertisements on
  other websites.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Analytics, marketing, advertising, and remarketing partners and service providers
Analytical and targeted advertising
  purposes (including, without limitation, cross-contextual behavioral
  advertising).
Specifically, to target
  advertisements for goods and services and to display those advertisements on
  other websites.
You have the right to opt out of the selling
or sharing of your personal information as described herein. You may exercise
this right to opt out by utilizing the Global Privacy Control as mentioned in the Tracking Options and Do Not Track
section of this Privacy Policy above, or by clicking the
“Your Privacy Choices”
link in the footer below.
     If you have any questions, concerns, or would like more information on our ability to opt out, you can contact
     us by emailing
support@shiekh.com
.
We do not knowingly sell or share for
cross-contextual behavioral advertising purposes, the personal information of
anyone under the age of 16 years old. See the “
Children’s Privacy
”
section of this Privacy Policy below for more information.
Notice of Financial Incentive / Bona-Fide Loyalty Program.
Under certain U.S. state laws (for example, California, Colorado,
and Connecticut) and only where applicable to our processing of your personal
information, our Rewards Program (see terms
here
) (the “Program”) may be

considered a financial incentive program and/or a bona fide loyalty program. In
order to provide you with the incentives and rewards under the Program as
described in the applicable program terms and conditions (
https://www.shiekh.com/reward-points.html
&
https://www.shiekh.com/green-privacy-policy.html
, which are collectively referred to as the “
Rewards Terms and Conditions
”)
, we use personal information about you, including, for example, your first and last name, your
birth date, phone number, email address, purchase history (such as those
connected to earning and/or redeeming rewards), physical address, etc. to
identify you as a member of the Program and to associate you with your
transactions (such as those connected to earning and/or redeeming rewards) and
your account. We are unable to provide and administer the Program and provide
you with an account without such information. For example, without your
personal information, we have no method available to associate your
transactions with your account and are unable to verify your access to your
account. In such context, the value of the personal information you provide us
is related to the non-fixed value of the rewards, as described further
described in the
Rewards Terms and Conditions
that you can obtain through your participation in the Program, less the expense
to Shiekh in its offering and administration of the Program. As stated above,
we process all personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Consistent with the Privacy Policy, in providing and administering the Program
we may disclose your personal information to our banking partners and card
issuing banks (see the “Rewards Card” section above for more information),
service providers (including, without limitation, payment processing companies,
fraud prevention providers, cloud storage providers, IT service providers, and
marketing and advertising partners), and law enforcement. You can opt-in to the
Program through the methods set forth above in the
Rewards Terms and
Conditions
. You have the right to withdraw—and to
have your account cancelled and deleted permanently (including, without
limitation, all rewards you may have earned) therein—at any time by emailing
support@shiekh.com
. You acknowledge that upon the deletion and cancellation of your account, your rewards will also be deleted,
and you hereby forfeit all such rewards upon any such cancelation and deletion.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS IN THE EEA
This section of the Privacy Policy applies to residents of countries or jurisdictions located in the EEA,
including, without limitation, the European Union and the United Kingdom.
Rights.
To the extent
the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation or other law granting
particular rights to data subjects applies to you (including, without
limitation, those located in the United Kingdom) and subject to all applicable
exceptions and exemptions granted under such applicable laws, you may have the
following rights with regard to our processing of your personal information in
addition to those rights set forth in the “Your Choices and Access” section of
the Privacy Policy above:
·
Right
to Restrict Personal Information Use and Right to Object
: You may have the right
to restrict our use of your personal information where (i) you contest the
accuracy of the personal information; (ii) the use is unlawful but you do not
want us to erase the personal information; (iii) we no longer need the personal
information for the relevant purposes, but you require it for the
establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected
to our personal information use justified on our legitimate interests pending
verification as to whether Company has compelling interests to continue the
relevant personal information use.
EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
Except with respect to your targeted advertising and selling opt out rights, whose methods are described
            in the “Selling and Sharing” section above, if this Privacy Policy expressly stated above that you
            have certain rights or applicable law grants you certain rights as it relates to this Privacy Policy and information we collect, you
may submit a verifiable request to us by
Telephone
: +18885744354
Visiting:
Data Subject Rights Request
Please note that to exercise your rights to opt out of targeted advertising and/or the sale
        of your personal data, you must follow the instructions provided under the “Selling and Sharing” section of
        the Privacy Policy above. Only you or a registered agent (if and only as permitted under
applicable law) that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable
consumer request related to your personal information. If you have a registered
agent act on your behalf, we have the right to authenticate such agent’s
authority to act. Without limiting the foregoing, the verifiable consumer request must:
Provide
sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person
about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
·
Describe
your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand,
evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal
information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request
and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account
with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable
consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the
request.
We
will respond to your request within the applicable timeframe required under
applicable law. If we deny your request, you can appeal such denial by emailing
us at
support@shiekh.com
.
If the appeal is denied, you may submit a compliant to the applicable
government regulator or authority in the jurisdiction in which you are located
(which, for U.S. residents, includes the state Attorney General in the state in
which you reside).
ABILITY TO OPT-OUT OF MARKETING EMAILS
At any
time, you have the option of opting out of receiving emails regarding special
offers, newsletters or other marketing communications from us by clicking on
the “unsubscribe” link in the email you receive from us which will direct you
on the process of opting out of future email marketing. Please be advised
that by using these opt out procedures, you may still receive non-marketing
email messages from us to confirm your order, respond to your questions, etc.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES & EMBEDDED CONTENT
This
website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Shiekh.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such
other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read
the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally
identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies only to information
collected by this website.This Privacy Policy does not apply to any
third-party websites, applications, or services or to any personal or other
information that you may provide to third parties. As such, your access or use
of any such linked websites or apps is solely at your own risk, and hereby waive
any and all claims against Shiekh with respect to such linked websites or apps.
The Services may incorporate content, including feeds, scripts

embedded in the Services’ code, and visible content (e.g., videos), provided by
third parties. In some cases, those third parties collect data about how you
interact with their content. The Services may also include
Google Maps features and content. Google Maps features and content is subject
to the then-current versions of Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of
Service at
https://maps.google.com/help/terms_maps.html
and Google Privacy Policy at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
Our Services may use YouTube to make content in video format available to you. By
accessing a part of the Services where videos are available, watching an embedded
video, or otherwise interacting with any content made available through
YouTube, you signify your agreement with YouTube’s
terms and conditions
.
YouTube collects and otherwise has access to usage data (e.g., what videos you
accessed and watched) through videos embedded in the Services as further
described in
YouTube’s Privacy Notice.
YouTube adheres to Google's privacy policies and principles, part of which
allow you to control certain privacy settings and which data are collected. For
more information, please visit
https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks/user-settings/privacy/
.
SECURITY & RETENTION
Personal
information you provide us should be relevant to the purposes for which it is
to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes should be accurate,
complete, and up to date. The security of your personal information is
important to us. We use reasonable technological and physical safeguards designed
to protect personal information you provide to us from loss, misuse and
unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
We
follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal
information submitted to us. No method of transmission over the Internet is
100% secure, however, we make all reasonable efforts to use commercially
acceptable means to protect your personal information.If you become aware
of any breach of the Services’ security or of this Privacy Policy, please
notify us at
support@shiekh.com
immediately.
We will
retain your personal information for as long as it’s needed to fulfill the
purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our Terms unless a
longer retention period is required or permitted by law (e.g., tax, accounting,
or other legal requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need
to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it; if
that is not possible (e.g., because your personal information has been stored
in back-up archives), we will securely store your personal information and
isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The
Services are not directed at children under 16 years of age. Shiekh does not
knowingly collect or use information from children under 16 through the
Services. If a parent or legal guardian becomes aware that a child under the
age of 16 has provided information to us through the Services, the parent or
legal guardian should contact us using the information below under “
Contact
Us
” and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that
information.
CUSTOMER SERVICE AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the security on our Sites or Apps, or our data
            handling practice, you may contact us by email at
support@shiekh.com
or by writing us at:
Corporate Headquaters
Shiekh Shoes
494 North E Street
San Bernardino, CA 92401
(888) 574-4354
About Us
Customer Service
Frequently Asked Questions
Shipping Info
Careers
Accessibility Statement
100% Price Guarantee
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Terms of UsePrivacy Policy
Last Updated:
09/01/2024
Thank
you for visiting our website. Shiekh Shoes, LLC, its subsidiaries, or its
affiliates (referred to as “Shiekh”, "we," "us," or
"our" herein) desires to protect your information, as such we have
developed this Privacy Policy, which describes the information we may collect
when you use visit our located at, or linked to, the URLs www.shiekh.com, and
the use of any of our co-branded websites that we maintain (which website
contains a link to this Privacy Policy) and the services that may be offered on
each of the sites; the ability to order products and receive newsletters and
promotional emails; and any related links ( the "Sites") or mobile
applications (the "Apps") (collectively the "Services"). For
clarity, this Privacy Policy also governs our data collection and use practices
on the Shiekh brand Sites and Apps (which are considered Services as defined
herein), including, the Karmaloop, PLNDR and MLTD websites.This Privacy Policy
is incorporated into and made a part of our Terms of Use
and any other agreement that
references this Privacy Policy or governs access to or use of the Services (the
“Terms”).
By accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the Services, by
accepting or entering into our Terms, you agree on behalf of yourself and any
organization or company that you represent (together, “you”) that you have read
and understand this Privacy Policy and that you consent to our collection, use,
and disclosure of your personal information and other information pursuant to
the terms of this Privacy policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy,
do not access or use the Services.
Please
be advised that this Privacy Policy replaces all previous policies regarding
our data collection and information use practices. Please check back frequently
as we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy, and to apply any changes
to information previously collected, as permitted by law. If there are material
changes to this Privacy Policy or our information practices change in the
future, we will notify you by posting the updated Privacy Policy on this
website. By continuing to use the Services, you agree to the collection, use
and disclosure of your personal information as described in any such updated Privacy
Policy. If you do not agree, please do not use the Services.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1.
Types of Information We Collect & Use
2.
Information We May Automatically Collect
3.
Tracking Options and DO NOT TRACK
4.
Your Choices and Access
5.
Additional Information for Certain U.S. Residents
6.
Additional Information for EEA Individuals
7.
Exercise Your Rights
8.
Ability to Opt-Out of Marketing Emails
9.
Links to Other Sites & Embedded Content
10.
Security & Retention
11.
Children’s Privacy
12.
Customer Service and Contact Information
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT & USE
Collection
. We will collect any and all information that you choose to submit to us through, using, or in connection
with the Services, including, without limitation, the types of information
described below.
Examples and Subcategories
Purposes (defined below)
Identifiers
Your first and last name, email address, postal address, telephone number, and
  date of birth.
Usernames, login
  information (including, for example, passwords), social media accounts and
  login information.
·
Services and Purpose Collected; Communication with You.
·
Personalization; Advertising; Analytics.
·
Promotional Communications.
·
Disclosing Collected Information.
·
Evaluation and Improvement.
·
Quality Assurance.
·
De-Identified Data and Aggregated Data.
·
Lawful Processes; Protection of Company.
·
Business Transactions.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity
Web browser, IP addresses, MAC Address, log files, login
  information, cookies, pixels, beacons, other unique online identifiers, and
  device and user activity information (e.g., search parameters, online
  activity such as date and time of accessing our websites, website addresses
  accessed, the length of website visit, and other usage data).
Commercial Information
Amount
  and types of orders, Services and products requested or purchased, shipping
  information.
Geolocation Information
Approximate geolocation through IP Address.
Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal,
  Olfactory, or Similar Information
Photos and videos you upload to the Services (e.g., those associated with product
  reviews).
Contact Forms and Requests for Information or Support
The Identifiers
  you submit, details about the products or services you are interested in, the
  entity you represent, and the subject matter you are interested in.
Inferences
Preferences, behaviors, characteristics (including, for example, age, gender), and similar
  information inferred from the above categories of information.
Step Rewards Data
With your prior
  consent, we collect your step count data through your mobile device in order
  to track your steps as a part of our Sheikh Green Rewards Program. See the
Green Rewards Terms
for more information.
·
With your consent
·
Lawful Process; Protection of Company
·
As
  directed by you or for the performance of an agreement with you,
  including—for example, to provide services and products requested by you—as
  reasonably expected in the context of such performance.
Purposes We Process Your Information For
. In addition to the uses and sharing described above, Shiekh and its suppliers may
use and disclose the information we collect through the Services as described
below. We do not use, sell, rent, or otherwise disclose collected information
except as stated in this Privacy Policy and as required or permitted by
applicable law.
·
Services and Purpose Collected; Communication with You.
We will use and share
your personal information and other information for the purpose for which it
was collected, for example, to process and communicate with you in connection
with your use of the Services (including, for example, your purchases and account
activity), your requests for information, User-Generated Content you provide,
to administer your account (where applicable) and Shiekh business activities,
to provide customer support to users of the Services, and to provide you
communications that you request.
·
Personalization;
Advertising; Analytics.
To tailor the content and
information that we may send or display to you, to suggest personalized help
and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experience while visiting
or using our Services. Additionally, we may collect your information and share
it with our third party service providers to understand how our Services are
used and to improve the Services (as described further in the “Analytics”
section of the
Privacy Policy
below). Further, we may use your information for us, or our third party service
providers, to use that information to target advertisements for goods and
services and to display those advertisements on other websites. The information
collected may be associated with your personal information. For more
information, please see the “Advertising Networks, Personalized Advertising,
Remarketing, and Retargeting” section of the
Privacy Policy
below.
·
Promotional Communications.
Shiekh may, to the extent permitted by applicable law and in accordance with your
preferences, use information we collect to send you promotional communications
about Shiekh and our products and services. Shiekh will obtain your prior consent for such
promotional communications solely to the extent required by applicable law. In
order to provide you with a personalized experience, these communications may
be tailored to your preferences based on, for example, inferences we make using
your visits to the Services or the links you click on in Shiekh emails. Please note
that pixel tags, cookies and other online trackers may be used within emails to
track your interactions with those websites and when emails are opened. You may
opt out of receiving promotional communications from us at any time by
following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the applicable email or by
contacting us using the contact information provided below under “
Contact Us
.”
Specifically with regard to text messaging, if you opt in to receiving text
messages (SMS and MMS) on the Services when prompted, Shiekh may send you
autodialed and other text messages at the telephone number you provide relating
to your use of the Services. Consenting to receiving text messages is not
required to buy goods or services or to otherwise do business with us. Message
and data rates may apply. See our
Terms of Use
for more information on our text message marketing practices. Note that, even
if you opt out of receiving promotional communications from Shiekh, you may still
receive administrative communications from us with respect to your use of the
Services.
·
Disclosing Collected Information
.
·
To our Affiliates, Subsidiaries, and Related Entities:Based on how you use
the Services and the information that you provide to or request from us, we may
disclose your name, contact information, and related information with our
affiliated companies who have products or services that we think may be of
interest to you. By providing us your personal information and using the
Service, you hereby direct us to disclose your information to our affiliates,
subsidiaries and other related entities. Our affiliated companies may contact
you directly with respect to such products and services, provided that if
applicable law requires, your prior consent will be obtained. You may opt out
of receiving communications from any such affiliated Shiekh pursuant to that
affiliate’s own policies. You may opt out of receiving communications from us
by contacting us using the information below under “Contact Us.”
·
To Our Third-Party Suppliers and Service Providers:
We will disclose personal information to our and our affiliates’ respective suppliers, vendors, and service providers
as necessary for us to provide the Services and our products and services to
you and to engage in the use and sharing of personal information as permitted
by this Privacy Policy and applicable law. These third parties include, without
limitation, our website management and hosting suppliers, fraud prevention
providers, security incident monitoring and prevention providers, customer
support providers, those handling the processing and delivery of mailings,
cloud storage providers, marketing and advertising partners and service
providers, website analytics providers, payment processors (if and as
applicable), product installers, and email service suppliers. Our service
providers are authorized to and may use and disclose personal information as
necessary for them to provide the applicable products and services to us and as
provided by their own privacy policies and our agreements with those third
parties.
·
Evaluation and Improvement.
We may use and disclose personal information to analyze, develop, and improve
the content, materials, products, and services that we provide; to inform
marketing and communication plans and strategies; to understand user
demographics and preferences; to analyze the effectiveness of the Services; and
to evaluate user needs and customize Services content and the user experience.
To better understand how users access and use our Services, both on an aggregated
an individualized basis, including monitoring, evaluating, and analyzing which
features and portions of the Services are most popular; for troubleshooting,
for statistical purposes, including, for example, identifying geographic
regions of visitors to our Services; evaluating frequently asked questions from
visitors; and for other statistical purposes.
·
Quality Assurance.
To perform quality assurance and to continuously improve our customers’
experience, to assist with fraud identification, and to assist our customer
relationship representatives (for example, through representatives in our call
center), we use tools to monitor and record certain user experience
information, including, without limitation, audio of customer service calls and
information resulting from such calls.
·
De-Identified and Aggregated Data.
We may de-identify and/or aggregate personal information
and User-Generated Content, and aggregate other personal information, and use
and disclose that aggregate and/or de-identified data for our business
purposes, in each case to the extent permitted by applicable law. To the extent
we create de-identified and/or aggregate personal information, we take
reasonable measures designed to maintain such information in de-identified
and/or aggregate form. Once de-identified or aggregated, we will not attempt to
re-identify the data (other than to confirm our de-identification and
aggregation processes worked).
·
Lawful Processes; Protection of Company.
We may use and share personal information in
accordance with and in response to regulatory authorities, courts with
competent jurisdiction, valid law enforcement requests, governmental agency
requests, emergency services, and other necessary third parties for legal,
protection, security, and safety purposes (e.g., to comply with laws or
regulations, to respond to subpoenas and legal processes, to perform credit
checks, to protect the safety of our employees, agents, and customers, or any
other person). We may use personal information and share it with third parties
if we believe doing so is necessary or appropriate to protect our rights or the
rights of others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms, to
bring legal action, to protect our operations and assets, or to pursue remedies
or limit damages that we may sustain.
·
Business Transactions.
If Shiekh undergoes a change in control, acquisition, merger, reorganization, asset sale
            (in whole or in part), or similar transaction, we may transfer, sell, share, or otherwise disclose personal
            information to the subsequent owner(s) or successor(s) of those transactions. We may also disclose personal
            information in connection with the evaluation of those transactions. Those owner(s), successor(s), and
            other recipients will be bound by this Privacy Policy as it applies to the information disclosed.
            Also, if Shiekh or any of its assets are acquired or if Shiekh goes out of business, enters bankruptcy,
            or goes through some other change in control or reorganization, personal information may be one of the
            assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
·
With Your Consent.
With your consent, we may use and share your personal information and other personal
information in ways not specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
Disclosures to Third Parties.
Pursuant to and consistent with the purposes for collecting your information as set
forth in this Privacy Policy we disclose certain categories of personal information to third parties
for a business (or other) purpose.
Categories of Third Parties Disclosed to
Purposes for Disclosure
Identifiers
Affiliates, Subsidiaries, and Related Entities.
Subsequent owner(s), successor(s), or assignee(s) of Company.
Our banking partners (see “Rewards Card” below for more information).
Third Party Service
  Providers, which include, for example, payment processing companies, data
  analytics and advertising providers, fraud prevention providers, cloud
  storage providers, IT service providers, delivery partners, and marketing
  companies.
Law Enforcement.
·
Services and Purpose Collected; Communication with You.
·
Personalization; Advertising; Analytics.
·
Promotional Communications.
·
Disclosing Collected Information.
·
Evaluation and Improvement.
·
Quality Assurance.
·
De-Identified Data and Aggregated Data.
·
Lawful Processes; Protection of Company.
·
Business Transactions.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity
Commercial Information
Contact Forms and Requests for Information or Support
Inferences
Payment
. Payments submitted in connection with the
Services must be made via the Services by credit, debit card, or through
alternate payment methods (such as Google Pay, PayPal, etc.) where such
alternate payment methods are made available as an option. Please note that
alternate payment methods may be provided by third parties (e.g., Google Pay
via Google), subject to that third party’s privacy policy. This privacy policy
does not apply to such third party’s collection and use of your information.
Please review the applicable third party’s privacy policy. With regard to
credit and debit card payment, all credit and debit card information is
provided directly to our third-party payment processor. Shiekh does not directly
access, handle, or store your credit or debit card information. To submit
payment using the Services, you will need to provide us with your contact
information (e.g., name, address, email address, telephone number) and your
credit or debit card information to our payment processors. Our payment processor
will use your payment-related information in accordance with its privacy
policy. Where online storefront on the Services is hosted or powered by a third
party, we encourage you to review any posted terms and privacy policies.
Rewards Card
. If you join the Shiekh rewards
program, you may be eligible to apply for a Shiekh-branded card. The credit
card is provided by our banking partners and we may share your information and
the information we collect with such banking partners such as Sunbit, which issues
the Shiekh credit card.
User-Generated Content
. You are responsible
for any data, information, images, messages, documents, and other content that
you enter, submit, create, post, upload, transmit, or otherwise provide through
or using the Services, including by providing feedback, participating in forums
or discussion boards, by uploading or providing photographs, by submitting
product reviews or testimonials, by commenting on blog posts, or by populating
a user account or profile (where such options are made available to you).
“User-Generated Content” means all data, feedback, information, images,
messages, documents, and other content that is entered into, submitted to,
posted on, uploaded to, transmitted, streamed, created, or displayed using, or otherwise
provided via or using the Services by you or on your behalf. All User-Generated
Content is provided at your own risk. We cannot guarantee that User-Generated
Content you provide will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. You understand
that, even after removal, copies of User-Generated Content you have provided
may remain viewable in cached and archived pages and may have been copied or
stored by Internet archives and other Service users. We will make
User-Generated Content available, including publicly available, to other
Service users and to the public, as applicable and at its sole discretion, and
will use and disclose User-Generated Content for the purpose for which it was
provided as indicated at the point of collection. For more information on
User-Generated Content, please review our
Terms
of Use
.
Job Applications
. If you submit a
resume, job application, or related materials or other information to us or
through the Services, we may use that information to evaluate your
qualifications and consider or respond to your inquiry or application. Your
submission of a resume, job application, or related information does not in any
way require Shiekh to review that information or consider you for employment. To view career
opportunities at Shiekh or to submit a job application you may be redirected to an online career portal
operated by a third party. We encourage you to review any terms and privacy
policies posted on that portal.
INFORMATION WE MAY AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT
As you navigate and use the Services, certain information can be passively collected
using various technologies. We passively collect a variety of types of
information in a variety of ways, including as described below.
User Activity.
We collect information on how the Services are used, for
example, the features you use, the links that you click on, your search
parameters, data reflecting transactions that have taken place using the
Services, how you interact with other users, performance statistics, and other
usage data. We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit
our Services (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your
computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the
pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time
spent on those pages and other statistics.
IP Addresses and Related Data.
The servers used to operate and provide the
Services may collect data pertaining to you and the equipment, software, and
communication methods you use to access the Internet and the Services,
including IP addresses assigned to the computers and other devices from where
you access the Internet, your Internet service provider (ISP), device ID
numbers and unique identifiers, your media access control (MAC) address, your
operating system, your device’s screen resolution, your web browser type, the
pages you access on the Services, the websites you access before and after
visiting the Services, the length of time you spend on the Services, date and
time stamps, clickstream data, your approximate geographic location, performance
statistics, and usage data. Shiekh may use this information to administer the
Services and their servers, to generate statistical information, to monitor and
analyze Service traffic and usage patterns, to monitor and help prevent fraud,
to investigate complaints and violations of our policies, and to improve the
Services.
We may
combine this information with other information (including personal
information) and information obtained from third parties for security reasons
and to protect our rights or the rights of others. The suppliers that we use to
provide the Services may collect information about your visits to the Services
and other websites. Some of this information may be collected using cookies and
similar tracking technologies as explained below under “
Cookies and Tracking
Technologies
.”
Analytics.
The Services use third-party analytics tools (e.g., Google Analytics) to collect
and process data about your use of the Services, including when you visit the
Services, URLs of the websites that you visit prior to visiting the Services
and when you visit those websites, and IP addresses assigned to the devices
from where you access the Internet. Our analytics providers may set and read
cookies to collect this data and your web browser will automatically send data
collected by those cookies to our analytics providers. Our analytics providers
use this data to provide us with reports that we will use to improve the
Services’ structure and content.
For more information on how Google uses this data, visit
Google’s Privacy Notice
and Google’s page on
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
To prevent this data from being used by Google Analytics, follow the
instructions to download and install the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
for each browser you use. Using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
will not prevent Shiekh from using other analytics tools and will
not prevent data from being sent to the Service itself or to Google. For more
information about how Google Analytics uses cookies to measure user
interactions on websites, visit
Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites
. You
may disable cookies as discussed below, but that may impact your use and
enjoyment of the Service.
Advertising
Networks, Personalized Advertising, Remarketing, and Retargeting.
From
time to time the Services may use or participate in advertising networks and
related advertising services that are managed and provided by third-party
advertising servers, advertising agencies, technology vendors, and research
firms, including Google Ads and advertising services provided by Meta
(sometimes referred to the Meta “tracking pixel”).
These
services collect information about your visits to and interactions with the
Services and other websites and will use that information to target
advertisements for goods and services and to display those advertisements on
other websites. The information collected may be associated with your personal
information.
Advertising
networks often gather data about consumers who view advertisements to make
inferences about a consumer’s interests and preferences, which enables their
computers to deliver advertisements directly targeted to the consumer’s
specific interests. This practice is often referred to as “online behavioral advertising.”
For example, a third-party advertising network might collect the type of web
browser you use, the type of computer operating system you use, the domain name
of a website you visit, whether or not you visit specific pages of the Services
and other websites, the location of your Internet service provider, the date
and time of a visit to a website, and other interactions between you and a
website.
Through
Google Ads, Google uses your Internet searches, cookies, and similar
identifiers (e.g., pixel tags) to collect information about your visits to the
Service and your interaction with our products and services to generate
targeted advertisements to you on other websites that you visit across the
Internet. We may also enable and implement Google Analytics Advertising
Features on the Services. To opt out of remarketing advertising provided
through Google, to customize your ad preferences, or to limit Google’s
collection or use this information, visit
Google’s Safety Center
and
Google’s Ad Settings
and follow
Google’s personalized ad opt-out instructions
. Opting out will not affect your use of the Service.
For
certain Meta advertising services, Meta Ireland is a Joint Controller (as
defined in the GDPR) and that information required under the GDPR related to
such processing can be found at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
. We
work with Meta and use their advertising services to measure and improve our
ads and marketing efforts, as well as to display more relevant advertising to
you. For further information on how Meta Ireland processes your personal
information, including the legal basis, and the ways to exercise your rights,
please visit
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
.
To
change your preferences with respect to certain online ads and to obtain more
information about third-party ad networks and online behavioral advertising,
please visit the
National Advertising Initiative Consumer opt-out page
or the
Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Program
.
Please remember that changing your settings with individual web browsers or ad
networks will not necessarily carry over to other browsers or ad networks. As a
result, depending on the opt-outs you request, you may still see our ads from
time to time. Your device may also include a feature (“Limit Ad Tracking” on
iOS or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” on Android) that allows you to opt out of
having certain information collected through apps used for behavioral
advertising purposes.
Social Media.
The Services may implement widgets, tools, or applications
provided by social media platforms and the Services may otherwise allow for
interaction, integration, or content sharing with third-party social media
platforms and companies. We may be required to implement cookies, plug-ins, and
APIs provided by those social media platforms in order to facilitate those
communications and features. By choosing to use any third-party social media
platform or choosing to share content or communications with any social media
platform, you allow us to share information with the designated social media
platform. Interactions, integrations, and content sharing with a social media
platform and their features may require or allow the social media Shiekh to
collect information from or about you, whether through cookies, registration
information, or otherwise. Social media companies may track your online
activity even when you do not choose to interact with the social media platform
or its widgets or other features. We encourage you to review the privacy policy
of any social media platform that you use or visit in connection with the
Services, as those platforms’ respective privacy policies will govern their
collection, use, and disclosure of information they collect from you. We cannot
control any policies or terms of such third party platform. As a result, we
cannot be responsible for any use or disclosure of your information or content
by third-party platforms, which you use at your own risk.
The
Services may also use the advertising services and networks offered by social
media platforms to deliver advertising content. Use of these services requires
social media platforms to implement cookies or pixel tags to deliver ads to you
while you are logged into the applicable social media platform.
If you
do not want social media platforms to collect information relating to you via
the Services or to link information collected via the Services to your social
media accounts, we suggest that you: (a) do not connect to or share information
with social media platforms using the Services; (b) hide social media platform
plug-ins using an ad blocker; (c) always log off completely from social media
platforms before visiting the Services or other websites and delete all related
cookies; and, (d) where the option is made available by a social media
platform, disable the advertising services and networks operated by that
platform. For example, you may opt out of Twitter’s interest-based advertising
by notifying Twitter through one of the methods it describes
here
. You
hereby acknowledge that Shiekh makes no guarantee that exercising the foregoing
options is guaranteed to prevent applicable social media platforms from
tracking you and, further, you acknowledge that Shiekh is not responsible for a
social media platform’s tracking of you.
OurSocial Media Pages.
Shiekh is active on social media. You may have the opportunity
to comment on social media platforms regarding, as well as send us reviews and
testimonials regarding, Shiekh and the products and services we offer and/or to
submit or upload related photos and other materials. Shiekh reserves the right
to post on the Services, other websites, and social media pages any comments,
photos, or content that you post on our social media pages or provide to us
(whether through social media or otherwise) to the extent permitted by
applicable law.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies.
The Services automatically use cookies to
track your use of the Services in order to facilitate and enhance the user
experience on the Services and for other purposes as described below. Cookies
are small pieces of information that are stored on your device’s hard drive by
your web browser. We use cookies to learn and track how you access and use the
Services, including when and how users visit the Services and how popular
particular Service pages are and aren’t. We also use cookies to recognize
Services users, to help display information on the Services, and to improve
your enjoyment and the usefulness of the Services, for example, by remembering
and displaying certain information.
The
Services may use both cookies that we implement and cookies implemented by our
suppliers and other third parties. “First-party” cookies allow your browser to
talk to the actual website that you are visiting, whereas “third-party” cookies
allow your browser to talk to third-party websites, such as the source of an ad
that appears on the website you are visiting or a third-party analytics
provider. Our suppliers may use cookies and tracking technologies to track
Service users across the Internet to understand how you get to the Services and
for the analytics purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy. We do
not have access to or control over these cookies and this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of third-party cookies.
        Click
here
for information on the cookies used by Meta. Click
here
and
here
for
information on the cookies used by Google.
A cookie
can either be a “session” cookie or a “persistent” cookie. Session cookies
exist only for so long as you are visiting the applicable website. Session
cookies are typically deleted or removed when you exit or quit your browser
application. Persistent cookies exist for a set period of time, for example,
six (6) months or one (1) year. Each time you visit a website that has
implemented a persistent cookie, that cookie will remain active until its
predetermined expiration date. You can also manually delete persistent cookies
as discussed above.
The
types of information collected by a cookie and the purposes for which that
information is used depend on the type of cookie. By way of illustration, the
types of cookies used, the types of information collected by those cookies, and
the purposes for which that information is used are described below. We may
combine information collected by cookies with other collected information.
·
Operationally necessary cookies (also called essential cookies).
These
are cookies that are required for the operation of the Services. For example,
these cookies are required to identify irregular website behavior, prevent
fraudulent activity, and improve security. They also allow users of the
Services to make use of its functions. Without these cookies, features and
services you have requested will not be able to be provided.
·
Functional cookies.
These cookies allow us to offer
you enhanced functionality when accessing or using the Services. This may
include to remembering choices you make, for example, remembering your
preferences or settings, remembering if you reacted to something on or through
the Services so that you are not asked to react to it again, remembering if you
have used any feature of the Services before, and enabling social media
components. If functional cookies are disabled, various functions of the
Services may be unavailable to you or may not work the way you want them to.
·
Performance cookies (also called analytical cookies).
These
cookies assess the performance of the Services, including as part of our
analytic practices to help us understand how visitors use and interact with the
Services, for example, which pages on our websites users visit most often.
These cookies also enable us to personalize content and remember your
preferences. These cookies help us improve the way our websites work and
provide a better, personalized user experience.
·
Advertising or targeted cookies.
These
cookies record your visits to the Services, the pages you visit on our
websites, and the links you have clicked. They gather information about your
browsing habits and remember that you have visited a particular website. Shiekh
and its third-party advertising platforms or networks may use this information
to make the Services and its content more relevant to your interests (this is
sometimes called “behavioral” or “targeted” advertising and is further discussed
above). These cookies are also used to limit the number of times you see an
advertisement and to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
To find out more about interest-based ads and your choices, please visit the
Digital Advertising Alliance
, the
Network Advertising Initiative
, the
Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) Europe
,
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
, and
http://www.youronlinechoices.com
.
For more
information about cookies, including about advertising cookies and your choices
regarding cookies, we suggest you visit the following websites:
https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0042-online-tracking
;
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
; and
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
Most
browsers automatically accept cookies. Browsers generally also allow users to
manage cookies in the browser’s settings. For example, a browser may allow you
to reject cookies from certain websites, reject certain types of cookies
regardless of the website, reject or disable all cookies from all websites,
and/or delete previously stored cookies. Some browsers also give you the option
of being notified every time a cookie is sent to your browser by a website. You
can disable or limit cookies but doing so may impact your use and enjoyment of
the Services and other websites. For example, the Services may not be able to
be personalized for you, may no longer capture or remember your preferences or
other choices you have made on the Services in the past, and may not remember
your name or contact information or other information you have entered using
the Services, and our website may not recognize the device(s) you use to access
the Services.
Changing
your cookie preferences in one browser will not necessarily carry over to other
browsers, so you may need to adjust your preferences each time you get a new
device, install a new browser, upgrade an existing browser, or alter or delete
a browser’s cookie file.
The
Services may also use the following types of tracking technologies: web beacons
(also called clear GIFs), flash cookies, and pixels (also called pixel tags).
Web beacons are tiny graphics with unique identifiers that function similar to
how cookies function but, in contrast to cookies, web beacons are embedded
invisibly on websites. Flash cookies collect and store information about your
use of a website and are commonly used for advertisements and videos. Cookie
management tools provided by your browser will not remove and cannot be used to
manage Flash cookies. Click
here
for
information on how to manage Flash cookies. Pixel tags can be placed on websites
or within emails to track your interactions with those websites and when emails
are opened.
TRACKING
OPTIONS AND DO NOT TRACK
You may
adjust your browser settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies,
but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the Services or
take full advantage of our offerings. Even without a cookie, you can still take
advantage of most of the features of our Sites or Apps, including making a
purchase, but we will not be able to recognize you as a registered user unless
you log in. Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from
some or all browsers.
However,
residents of certain U.S. states may opt out by broadcasting an Opt-Out
Preference Signal under applicable law, including the Global Privacy Control
(GPC), depending on which browsers and/or browser extensions you use that may
support such a signal. To look at extensions and browsers supporting the GPC
browser signal, visit here:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
. Note that if you choose to use the GPC signal, you will need to turn it on for each
supported browser or browser extension you use.
YOUR
CHOICES AND ACCESS
The purpose of this section of the
Privacy Policy is to
inform you of our privacy options. Some U.S. states and other jurisdictions
outside of the U.S. provide these options and rights to their residents.
Depending on the laws applicable to Shiekh’s processing of your
personal information and the location in which you reside, you may have the
ability to exercise the rights listed below and in this section of the Privacy Policy.
Subject to foregoing, in addition to all application limitations, exemptions,
or exceptions—regarding our collection and use of your personal
information—these rights may include, to the extent applicable:
Right to Confirm:
The right to confirm
     whether we are processing your personal information.
Right to Access
: You may have the right to request access to any of
     your personal information that we hold. Specifically,
     you may have the right to request the disclosure of (1) what personal
     information has been collected; (2) the categories of sources from which
     the personal information was collected; (3) the business or commercial
     purpose for collection or selling personal information; (4) the categories
     of third parties with whom we share personal information; and (5) the
     specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Right to Data Portability
: You may have the right to receive all such personal information about you from Shiekh in a structured,
     commonly used and machine-readable format, and also to require us to
     transmit it to another entity where this is technically feasible.
Right to Deletion
: You may have the right to request the deletion of
     your personal information that we have collected.
Right to Correction
: You may have the right to request the correction of your personal
     information that we collected.
Right to Lodge a Complaint
: You also may have the right to lodge a complaint
     with a government regulator (e.g., your state attorney general) or
     supervisory authority, in particular in your country of residence, if you
     consider that the collection and use of your personal information violates
     this Privacy Policy or applicable law.
To exercise these rights, please see the “Exercise Your Rights” section of the Privacy Policy
        below. Additionally, if you have any concerns, complaints, or other issues with regard to our
collection, use or other processing of your personal information, please
contact us via the means set forth under the “Contact Us” section of the Privacy Policy below.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR CERTAIN U.S. RESIDENTS
Certain U.S. states require additional
disclosures and provide users residing in such U.S. states with additional
choices and rights. This section of the Privacy Policy only applies to
individuals located in such U.S. states and where such U.S. state data protection
laws apply to Shiekh’s
processing of your personal information.
Sources.
Consistent with the Privacy Policy above, we
collect certain categories of personal information directly from you and, in
some circumstances, third parties. The categories of sources that we collect
personal information from in the prior 12 months includes the following:
·
Our third party service providers;
·
Advertising networks;
·
Affiliated, subsidiaries, and related companies;
·
Third party websites and mobile applications (e.g., websites that share information with us or our
            advertising partners);
·
Social media companies;
·
Our Services; and
·
Your communications with us.
Sensitive Personal Information
. As noted above, we collect your step count in connection with the Shiekh Green Rewards
Program. Under certain U.S. state laws, this may be considered sensitive
personal information. We will only collect such information after receiving
your prior consent to do so and in connection with our provision of the Shiekh
Green Rewards program. We do not sell or share sensitive personal information
with any third parties for cross-contextual behavioral or targeted advertising.
We also do not share or disclose sensitive personal information with third
parties for their own, independent purposes. You have the ability to disable
the disclosure of this information to us at any time by deleting and
de-activating your Shiekh Green Rewards account.
Rights
. Applicable laws in
your jurisdiction may grant you certain rights—subject to all applicable
limitations, exemptions, or exceptions—regarding our collection and use of your
personal information. In addition to those rights set forth in the “Your
Choices and Access” section of the Privacy Policy above, these rights
may include, to the extent applicable and to the extent granted under
applicable law:
·
The right to opt-out of targeted advertising and the sharing of
personal information that is shared for cross-contextual behavioral advertising
purposes;
·
The right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information;
·
The right to not be discriminated against due to your exercise of your rights under applicable law.
We do not discriminate against users for exercising the rights granted to them
under applicable law and that are applicable to our processing of your personal
information.
We do not use your personal information to profile you in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or significantly
similar effects (as may be defined under applicable law).
The above rights are only exercisable by you where the applicable law grants you the right being exerted and where no
exception or exemption under applicable law applies. You may also have a registered agent (if and only as permitted under
applicable law) that you authorize to act on your behalf. If you have a
registered agent act on your behalf, we have the right to authenticate such
agent’s authority to act. To exercise the rights
described herein (only to the extent applicable), you may submit a verifiable
request to us by through the methods set forth under the “Exercise Your
Rights” section below.
Selling and Sharing
. We do not sell your
personal information as the concept of “selling” is traditionally understood as
being the exchange of something for money. However, we sell your personal
information to, and share your personal information with, third parties for the
purpose of cross-contextual behavioral advertising purposes (e.g., targeted
advertising and remarketing). Applicable U.S. state data protection laws hold
such disclosures and sharing to be considered “selling” or “sharing”.
Therefore, you have the right to opt out of such selling and sharing. In the
preceding 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of
personal information with the following categories of third parties and for the
following purposes:
Category of Personal Information Sold or Shared
Category of Third-Party Recipient
Purpose
Identifiers
Analytics, marketing, advertising, and remarketing partners and service providers
Analytical and targeted advertising purposes (including, without limitation, cross-contextual
  behavioral advertising).
Specifically, to target advertisements for goods and services and to display those advertisements on
  other websites.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Analytics, marketing, advertising, and remarketing partners and service providers
Analytical and targeted advertising
  purposes (including, without limitation, cross-contextual behavioral
  advertising).
Specifically, to target
  advertisements for goods and services and to display those advertisements on
  other websites.
You have the right to opt out of the selling
or sharing of your personal information as described herein. You may exercise
this right to opt out by utilizing the Global Privacy Control as mentioned in the Tracking Options and Do Not Track
section of this Privacy Policy above, or by clicking the
“Your Privacy Choices”
link in the footer below.
     If you have any questions, concerns, or would like more information on our ability to opt out, you can contact
     us by emailing
support@shiekh.com
.
We do not knowingly sell or share for
cross-contextual behavioral advertising purposes, the personal information of
anyone under the age of 16 years old. See the “
Children’s Privacy
”
section of this Privacy Policy below for more information.
Notice of Financial Incentive / Bona-Fide Loyalty Program.
Under certain U.S. state laws (for example, California, Colorado,
and Connecticut) and only where applicable to our processing of your personal
information, our Rewards Program (see terms
here
) (the “Program”) may be

considered a financial incentive program and/or a bona fide loyalty program. In
order to provide you with the incentives and rewards under the Program as
described in the applicable program terms and conditions (
https://www.shiekh.com/reward-points.html
&
https://www.shiekh.com/green-privacy-policy.html
, which are collectively referred to as the “
Rewards Terms and Conditions
”)
, we use personal information about you, including, for example, your first and last name, your
birth date, phone number, email address, purchase history (such as those
connected to earning and/or redeeming rewards), physical address, etc. to
identify you as a member of the Program and to associate you with your
transactions (such as those connected to earning and/or redeeming rewards) and
your account. We are unable to provide and administer the Program and provide
you with an account without such information. For example, without your
personal information, we have no method available to associate your
transactions with your account and are unable to verify your access to your
account. In such context, the value of the personal information you provide us
is related to the non-fixed value of the rewards, as described further
described in the
Rewards Terms and Conditions
that you can obtain through your participation in the Program, less the expense
to Shiekh in its offering and administration of the Program. As stated above,
we process all personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Consistent with the Privacy Policy, in providing and administering the Program
we may disclose your personal information to our banking partners and card
issuing banks (see the “Rewards Card” section above for more information),
service providers (including, without limitation, payment processing companies,
fraud prevention providers, cloud storage providers, IT service providers, and
marketing and advertising partners), and law enforcement. You can opt-in to the
Program through the methods set forth above in the
Rewards Terms and
Conditions
. You have the right to withdraw—and to
have your account cancelled and deleted permanently (including, without
limitation, all rewards you may have earned) therein—at any time by emailing
support@shiekh.com
. You acknowledge that upon the deletion and cancellation of your account, your rewards will also be deleted,
and you hereby forfeit all such rewards upon any such cancelation and deletion.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS IN THE EEA
This section of the Privacy Policy applies to residents of countries or jurisdictions located in the EEA,
including, without limitation, the European Union and the United Kingdom.
Rights.
To the extent
the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation or other law granting
particular rights to data subjects applies to you (including, without
limitation, those located in the United Kingdom) and subject to all applicable
exceptions and exemptions granted under such applicable laws, you may have the
following rights with regard to our processing of your personal information in
addition to those rights set forth in the “Your Choices and Access” section of
the Privacy Policy above:
·
Right
to Restrict Personal Information Use and Right to Object
: You may have the right
to restrict our use of your personal information where (i) you contest the
accuracy of the personal information; (ii) the use is unlawful but you do not
want us to erase the personal information; (iii) we no longer need the personal
information for the relevant purposes, but you require it for the
establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected
to our personal information use justified on our legitimate interests pending
verification as to whether Company has compelling interests to continue the
relevant personal information use.
EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
Except with respect to your targeted advertising and selling opt out rights, whose methods are described
            in the “Selling and Sharing” section above, if this Privacy Policy expressly stated above that you
            have certain rights or applicable law grants you certain rights as it relates to this Privacy Policy and information we collect, you
may submit a verifiable request to us by
Telephone
: +18885744354
Visiting:
Data Subject Rights Request
Please note that to exercise your rights to opt out of targeted advertising and/or the sale
        of your personal data, you must follow the instructions provided under the “Selling and Sharing” section of
        the Privacy Policy above. Only you or a registered agent (if and only as permitted under
applicable law) that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable
consumer request related to your personal information. If you have a registered
agent act on your behalf, we have the right to authenticate such agent’s
authority to act. Without limiting the foregoing, the verifiable consumer request must:
Provide
sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person
about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
·
Describe
your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand,
evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal
information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request
and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account
with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable
consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the
request.
We
will respond to your request within the applicable timeframe required under
applicable law. If we deny your request, you can appeal such denial by emailing
us at
support@shiekh.com
.
If the appeal is denied, you may submit a compliant to the applicable
government regulator or authority in the jurisdiction in which you are located
(which, for U.S. residents, includes the state Attorney General in the state in
which you reside).
ABILITY TO OPT-OUT OF MARKETING EMAILS
At any
time, you have the option of opting out of receiving emails regarding special
offers, newsletters or other marketing communications from us by clicking on
the “unsubscribe” link in the email you receive from us which will direct you
on the process of opting out of future email marketing. Please be advised
that by using these opt out procedures, you may still receive non-marketing
email messages from us to confirm your order, respond to your questions, etc.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES & EMBEDDED CONTENT
This
website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Shiekh.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such
other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read
the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally
identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies only to information
collected by this website.This Privacy Policy does not apply to any
third-party websites, applications, or services or to any personal or other
information that you may provide to third parties. As such, your access or use
of any such linked websites or apps is solely at your own risk, and hereby waive
any and all claims against Shiekh with respect to such linked websites or apps.
The Services may incorporate content, including feeds, scripts

embedded in the Services’ code, and visible content (e.g., videos), provided by
third parties. In some cases, those third parties collect data about how you
interact with their content. The Services may also include
Google Maps features and content. Google Maps features and content is subject
to the then-current versions of Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of
Service at
https://maps.google.com/help/terms_maps.html
and Google Privacy Policy at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
Our Services may use YouTube to make content in video format available to you. By
accessing a part of the Services where videos are available, watching an embedded
video, or otherwise interacting with any content made available through
YouTube, you signify your agreement with YouTube’s
terms and conditions
.
YouTube collects and otherwise has access to usage data (e.g., what videos you
accessed and watched) through videos embedded in the Services as further
described in
YouTube’s Privacy Notice.
YouTube adheres to Google's privacy policies and principles, part of which
allow you to control certain privacy settings and which data are collected. For
more information, please visit
https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks/user-settings/privacy/
.
SECURITY & RETENTION
Personal
information you provide us should be relevant to the purposes for which it is
to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes should be accurate,
complete, and up to date. The security of your personal information is
important to us. We use reasonable technological and physical safeguards designed
to protect personal information you provide to us from loss, misuse and
unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
We
follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal
information submitted to us. No method of transmission over the Internet is
100% secure, however, we make all reasonable efforts to use commercially
acceptable means to protect your personal information.If you become aware
of any breach of the Services’ security or of this Privacy Policy, please
notify us at
support@shiekh.com
immediately.
We will
retain your personal information for as long as it’s needed to fulfill the
purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our Terms unless a
longer retention period is required or permitted by law (e.g., tax, accounting,
or other legal requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need
to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it; if
that is not possible (e.g., because your personal information has been stored
in back-up archives), we will securely store your personal information and
isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The
Services are not directed at children under 16 years of age. Shiekh does not
knowingly collect or use information from children under 16 through the
Services. If a parent or legal guardian becomes aware that a child under the
age of 16 has provided information to us through the Services, the parent or
legal guardian should contact us using the information below under “
Contact
Us
” and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that
information.
CUSTOMER SERVICE AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the security on our Sites or Apps, or our data
            handling practice, you may contact us by email at
support@shiekh.com
or by writing us at:
Corporate Headquaters
Shiekh Shoes
494 North E Street
San Bernardino, CA 92401
(888) 574-4354
About Us
Customer Service
Frequently Asked Questions
Shipping Info
Careers
Accessibility Statement
100% Price Guarantee
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Terms of Use
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.shiekh.com/privacy-policy-informaion:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
This website uses first- and third-party cookies and similar technologies to enhance your experience, conduct analytics, and advertise to you or others.  By clicking “Allow All” you agree to the storing and use of non-strictly necessary cookies and online trackers as set forth in our
Privacy Policy
, including to enhance your experience, analyze site usage, and assist in marketing efforts. By clicking “Deny”, you may opt out of non-strictly necessary cookies and trackers.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
New Relic
1
Learn more about this provider
NRBA_SESSION
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
Twitter Inc.
2
Learn more about this provider
__cf_bm [x2]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
client.px-cloud.net
11
PXiJ55yhVs_px_fp
Pending
PXiJ55yhVs_px_hvd
Pending
PXiJ55yhVs_px-ff
Pending
PXiJ55yhVs_pxtiming
Pending
pxsid
Registers data on visitor such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of Rubicon Project-services.
_px2
Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website.
_pxde
Pending
_pxttld [x2]
Pending
_pxvid
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
pxcts
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
snapui.searchspring.io
7
ssUserId
Necessary in order to optimize the website's search-bar function. The cookie ensures accurate and fast search results.
ss-controller-autocomplete
Pending
ss-controller-search
Pending
ss-history
Pending
ss-networkcache
Pending
ssSessionIdNamespace
Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services.
ss-track
Pending
static.shiekh.com
14
mage-cache-storage
Used to optimize the loading speed on the website. This is done by pre-loading some procedures in the visitors' browser.
mage-cache-storage-section-invalidation
Used to optimize the loading speed on the website. This is done by pre-loading some procedures in the visitors' browser.
mage-cache-timeout
This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor’s browser.
mage-translation-file-version
Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor.
mage-translation-storage
Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor.
sellerData
Pending
form_key
Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
mage-cache-sessid
This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers.
mage-cache-storage
This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers.
mage-cache-storage-section-invalidation
This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers.
mage-messages
Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function.
mage-translation-file-version
Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor.
mage-translation-storage
Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor.
sellerData
Pending
www.shiekh.com
9
category-stores-with-products
Pending
customerStatus
Pending
customerStatusExpire
Pending
fast-shipping-option
Pending
header
Pending
PHPSESSID
Preserves user session state across page requests.
PX_Cookie
Pending
PXiJ55yhVs_px_c_p_PXiJ55yhVs
Pending
PXiJ55yhVs_px_nfsp
Pending
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
cdn.searchspring.net
1
ssViewedProducts
Contains data on the latest products viewed by visitors.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Amazon
7
Learn more about this provider
zRecentEvents
Pending
zRVP
Pending
jumbe_version
Pending
vtsrc
Pending
vuid
Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor.
z_idsyncs
Pending
zaius_js_version
Pending
Google
4
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Pending
_ga
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga_#
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
Microsoft
7
Learn more about this provider
_uetsid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetsid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetvid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
MUID
Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
_uetsid
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Pinterest
6
Learn more about this provider
_ir
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
_pinterest_ct_ua
Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services.
ar_debug
Checks whether a technical debugger-cookie is present.
v3/
Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services.
is_eu
Determines whether the user is located within the EU and therefore is subject to EU's data privacy regulations.
_pin_unauth
Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services.
TikTok
6
Learn more about this provider
tt_appInfo
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
tt_pixel_session_index
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
tt_sessionId
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
_tt_enable_cookie
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
_ttp [x2]
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
TurnTo
3
Learn more about this provider
ajs_anonymous_id
This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice.
TT_UID
Pending
TTSVID
Pending
Twitter Inc.
4
Learn more about this provider
i/adsct [x2]
The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content.
muc_ads
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
personalization_id
This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile.
Zaius
1
Learn more about this provider
v2/zaius.gif
Pending
aly.jst.ai
my.jst.ai
2
__cflb [x2]
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
cdn.jst.ai
9
#-#-#-#-#
Pending
_ju_dc
Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
_ju_dm
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
_ju_dn
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
_ju_dc
Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
_ju_dm
Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes.
_ju_dn
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
_ju_pn
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
_ju_v
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
snapui.searchspring.io
2
_isuid
Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services.
ssSessionIdNamespace
Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services.
www.shiekh.com
2
_pxhd
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
z_customer_id
Pending
Unclassified
1
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
client.px-cloud.net
1
PXiJ55yhVs_px_af
Pending
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 3/21/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
About
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
To provide you with the best experience, we use your information to personalize your experience, improve our site, and deliver relevant ads. This information is shared with Shiekh, its advertisers, and other third parties.
By using this website, you agree to our
terms of use
.
Learn more
OK
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
09/01/2024
Thank
you for visiting our website. Shiekh Shoes, LLC, its subsidiaries, or its
affiliates (referred to as “Shiekh”, "we," "us," or
"our" herein) desires to protect your information, as such we have
developed this Privacy Policy, which describes the information we may collect
when you use visit our located at, or linked to, the URLs www.shiekh.com, and
the use of any of our co-branded websites that we maintain (which website
contains a link to this Privacy Policy) and the services that may be offered on
each of the sites; the ability to order products and receive newsletters and
promotional emails; and any related links ( the "Sites") or mobile
applications (the "Apps") (collectively the "Services"). For
clarity, this Privacy Policy also governs our data collection and use practices
on the Shiekh brand Sites and Apps (which are considered Services as defined
herein), including, the Karmaloop, PLNDR and MLTD websites.This Privacy Policy
is incorporated into and made a part of our Terms of Use
and any other agreement that
references this Privacy Policy or governs access to or use of the Services (the
“Terms”).
By accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the Services, by
accepting or entering into our Terms, you agree on behalf of yourself and any
organization or company that you represent (together, “you”) that you have read
and understand this Privacy Policy and that you consent to our collection, use,
and disclosure of your personal information and other information pursuant to
the terms of this Privacy policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy,
do not access or use the Services.
Please
be advised that this Privacy Policy replaces all previous policies regarding
our data collection and information use practices. Please check back frequently
as we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy, and to apply any changes
to information previously collected, as permitted by law. If there are material
changes to this Privacy Policy or our information practices change in the
future, we will notify you by posting the updated Privacy Policy on this
website. By continuing to use the Services, you agree to the collection, use
and disclosure of your personal information as described in any such updated Privacy
Policy. If you do not agree, please do not use the Services.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1.
Types of Information We Collect & Use
2.
Information We May Automatically Collect
3.
Tracking Options and DO NOT TRACK
4.
Your Choices and Access
5.
Additional Information for Certain U.S. Residents
6.
Additional Information for EEA Individuals
7.
Exercise Your Rights
8.
Ability to Opt-Out of Marketing Emails
9.
Links to Other Sites & Embedded Content
10.
Security & Retention
11.
Children’s Privacy
12.
Customer Service and Contact Information
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT & USE
Collection
. We will collect any and all information that you choose to submit to us through, using, or in connection
with the Services, including, without limitation, the types of information
described below.
Examples and Subcategories
Purposes (defined below)
Identifiers
Your first and last name, email address, postal address, telephone number, and
  date of birth.
Usernames, login
  information (including, for example, passwords), social media accounts and
  login information.
·
Services and Purpose Collected; Communication with You.
·
Personalization; Advertising; Analytics.
·
Promotional Communications.
·
Disclosing Collected Information.
·
Evaluation and Improvement.
·
Quality Assurance.
·
De-Identified Data and Aggregated Data.
·
Lawful Processes; Protection of Company.
·
Business Transactions.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity
Web browser, IP addresses, MAC Address, log files, login
  information, cookies, pixels, beacons, other unique online identifiers, and
  device and user activity information (e.g., search parameters, online
  activity such as date and time of accessing our websites, website addresses
  accessed, the length of website visit, and other usage data).
Commercial Information
Amount
  and types of orders, Services and products requested or purchased, shipping
  information.
Geolocation Information
Approximate geolocation through IP Address.
Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal,
  Olfactory, or Similar Information
Photos and videos you upload to the Services (e.g., those associated with product
  reviews).
Contact Forms and Requests for Information or Support
The Identifiers
  you submit, details about the products or services you are interested in, the
  entity you represent, and the subject matter you are interested in.
Inferences
Preferences, behaviors, characteristics (including, for example, age, gender), and similar
  information inferred from the above categories of information.
Step Rewards Data
With your prior
  consent, we collect your step count data through your mobile device in order
  to track your steps as a part of our Sheikh Green Rewards Program. See the
Green Rewards Terms
for more information.
·
With your consent
·
Lawful Process; Protection of Company
·
As
  directed by you or for the performance of an agreement with you,
  including—for example, to provide services and products requested by you—as
  reasonably expected in the context of such performance.
Purposes We Process Your Information For
. In addition to the uses and sharing described above, Shiekh and its suppliers may
use and disclose the information we collect through the Services as described
below. We do not use, sell, rent, or otherwise disclose collected information
except as stated in this Privacy Policy and as required or permitted by
applicable law.
·
Services and Purpose Collected; Communication with You.
We will use and share
your personal information and other information for the purpose for which it
was collected, for example, to process and communicate with you in connection
with your use of the Services (including, for example, your purchases and account
activity), your requests for information, User-Generated Content you provide,
to administer your account (where applicable) and Shiekh business activities,
to provide customer support to users of the Services, and to provide you
communications that you request.
·
Personalization;
Advertising; Analytics.
To tailor the content and
information that we may send or display to you, to suggest personalized help
and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experience while visiting
or using our Services. Additionally, we may collect your information and share
it with our third party service providers to understand how our Services are
used and to improve the Services (as described further in the “Analytics”
section of the
Privacy Policy
below). Further, we may use your information for us, or our third party service
providers, to use that information to target advertisements for goods and
services and to display those advertisements on other websites. The information
collected may be associated with your personal information. For more
information, please see the “Advertising Networks, Personalized Advertising,
Remarketing, and Retargeting” section of the
Privacy Policy
below.
·
Promotional Communications.
Shiekh may, to the extent permitted by applicable law and in accordance with your
preferences, use information we collect to send you promotional communications
about Shiekh and our products and services. Shiekh will obtain your prior consent for such
promotional communications solely to the extent required by applicable law. In
order to provide you with a personalized experience, these communications may
be tailored to your preferences based on, for example, inferences we make using
your visits to the Services or the links you click on in Shiekh emails. Please note
that pixel tags, cookies and other online trackers may be used within emails to
track your interactions with those websites and when emails are opened. You may
opt out of receiving promotional communications from us at any time by
following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the applicable email or by
contacting us using the contact information provided below under “
Contact Us
.”
Specifically with regard to text messaging, if you opt in to receiving text
messages (SMS and MMS) on the Services when prompted, Shiekh may send you
autodialed and other text messages at the telephone number you provide relating
to your use of the Services. Consenting to receiving text messages is not
required to buy goods or services or to otherwise do business with us. Message
and data rates may apply. See our
Terms of Use
for more information on our text message marketing practices. Note that, even
if you opt out of receiving promotional communications from Shiekh, you may still
receive administrative communications from us with respect to your use of the
Services.
·
Disclosing Collected Information
.
·
To our Affiliates, Subsidiaries, and Related Entities:Based on how you use
the Services and the information that you provide to or request from us, we may
disclose your name, contact information, and related information with our
affiliated companies who have products or services that we think may be of
interest to you. By providing us your personal information and using the
Service, you hereby direct us to disclose your information to our affiliates,
subsidiaries and other related entities. Our affiliated companies may contact
you directly with respect to such products and services, provided that if
applicable law requires, your prior consent will be obtained. You may opt out
of receiving communications from any such affiliated Shiekh pursuant to that
affiliate’s own policies. You may opt out of receiving communications from us
by contacting us using the information below under “Contact Us.”
·
To Our Third-Party Suppliers and Service Providers:
We will disclose personal information to our and our affiliates’ respective suppliers, vendors, and service providers
as necessary for us to provide the Services and our products and services to
you and to engage in the use and sharing of personal information as permitted
by this Privacy Policy and applicable law. These third parties include, without
limitation, our website management and hosting suppliers, fraud prevention
providers, security incident monitoring and prevention providers, customer
support providers, those handling the processing and delivery of mailings,
cloud storage providers, marketing and advertising partners and service
providers, website analytics providers, payment processors (if and as
applicable), product installers, and email service suppliers. Our service
providers are authorized to and may use and disclose personal information as
necessary for them to provide the applicable products and services to us and as
provided by their own privacy policies and our agreements with those third
parties.
·
Evaluation and Improvement.
We may use and disclose personal information to analyze, develop, and improve
the content, materials, products, and services that we provide; to inform
marketing and communication plans and strategies; to understand user
demographics and preferences; to analyze the effectiveness of the Services; and
to evaluate user needs and customize Services content and the user experience.
To better understand how users access and use our Services, both on an aggregated
an individualized basis, including monitoring, evaluating, and analyzing which
features and portions of the Services are most popular; for troubleshooting,
for statistical purposes, including, for example, identifying geographic
regions of visitors to our Services; evaluating frequently asked questions from
visitors; and for other statistical purposes.
·
Quality Assurance.
To perform quality assurance and to continuously improve our customers’
experience, to assist with fraud identification, and to assist our customer
relationship representatives (for example, through representatives in our call
center), we use tools to monitor and record certain user experience
information, including, without limitation, audio of customer service calls and
information resulting from such calls.
·
De-Identified and Aggregated Data.
We may de-identify and/or aggregate personal information
and User-Generated Content, and aggregate other personal information, and use
and disclose that aggregate and/or de-identified data for our business
purposes, in each case to the extent permitted by applicable law. To the extent
we create de-identified and/or aggregate personal information, we take
reasonable measures designed to maintain such information in de-identified
and/or aggregate form. Once de-identified or aggregated, we will not attempt to
re-identify the data (other than to confirm our de-identification and
aggregation processes worked).
·
Lawful Processes; Protection of Company.
We may use and share personal information in
accordance with and in response to regulatory authorities, courts with
competent jurisdiction, valid law enforcement requests, governmental agency
requests, emergency services, and other necessary third parties for legal,
protection, security, and safety purposes (e.g., to comply with laws or
regulations, to respond to subpoenas and legal processes, to perform credit
checks, to protect the safety of our employees, agents, and customers, or any
other person). We may use personal information and share it with third parties
if we believe doing so is necessary or appropriate to protect our rights or the
rights of others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms, to
bring legal action, to protect our operations and assets, or to pursue remedies
or limit damages that we may sustain.
·
Business Transactions.
If Shiekh undergoes a change in control, acquisition, merger, reorganization, asset sale
            (in whole or in part), or similar transaction, we may transfer, sell, share, or otherwise disclose personal
            information to the subsequent owner(s) or successor(s) of those transactions. We may also disclose personal
            information in connection with the evaluation of those transactions. Those owner(s), successor(s), and
            other recipients will be bound by this Privacy Policy as it applies to the information disclosed.
            Also, if Shiekh or any of its assets are acquired or if Shiekh goes out of business, enters bankruptcy,
            or goes through some other change in control or reorganization, personal information may be one of the
            assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
·
With Your Consent.
With your consent, we may use and share your personal information and other personal
information in ways not specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
Disclosures to Third Parties.
Pursuant to and consistent with the purposes for collecting your information as set
forth in this Privacy Policy we disclose certain categories of personal information to third parties
for a business (or other) purpose.
Categories of Third Parties Disclosed to
Purposes for Disclosure
Identifiers
Affiliates, Subsidiaries, and Related Entities.
Subsequent owner(s), successor(s), or assignee(s) of Company.
Our banking partners (see “Rewards Card” below for more information).
Third Party Service
  Providers, which include, for example, payment processing companies, data
  analytics and advertising providers, fraud prevention providers, cloud
  storage providers, IT service providers, delivery partners, and marketing
  companies.
Law Enforcement.
·
Services and Purpose Collected; Communication with You.
·
Personalization; Advertising; Analytics.
·
Promotional Communications.
·
Disclosing Collected Information.
·
Evaluation and Improvement.
·
Quality Assurance.
·
De-Identified Data and Aggregated Data.
·
Lawful Processes; Protection of Company.
·
Business Transactions.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity
Commercial Information
Contact Forms and Requests for Information or Support
Inferences
Payment
. Payments submitted in connection with the
Services must be made via the Services by credit, debit card, or through
alternate payment methods (such as Google Pay, PayPal, etc.) where such
alternate payment methods are made available as an option. Please note that
alternate payment methods may be provided by third parties (e.g., Google Pay
via Google), subject to that third party’s privacy policy. This privacy policy
does not apply to such third party’s collection and use of your information.
Please review the applicable third party’s privacy policy. With regard to
credit and debit card payment, all credit and debit card information is
provided directly to our third-party payment processor. Shiekh does not directly
access, handle, or store your credit or debit card information. To submit
payment using the Services, you will need to provide us with your contact
information (e.g., name, address, email address, telephone number) and your
credit or debit card information to our payment processors. Our payment processor
will use your payment-related information in accordance with its privacy
policy. Where online storefront on the Services is hosted or powered by a third
party, we encourage you to review any posted terms and privacy policies.
Rewards Card
. If you join the Shiekh rewards
program, you may be eligible to apply for a Shiekh-branded card. The credit
card is provided by our banking partners and we may share your information and
the information we collect with such banking partners such as Sunbit, which issues
the Shiekh credit card.
User-Generated Content
. You are responsible
for any data, information, images, messages, documents, and other content that
you enter, submit, create, post, upload, transmit, or otherwise provide through
or using the Services, including by providing feedback, participating in forums
or discussion boards, by uploading or providing photographs, by submitting
product reviews or testimonials, by commenting on blog posts, or by populating
a user account or profile (where such options are made available to you).
“User-Generated Content” means all data, feedback, information, images,
messages, documents, and other content that is entered into, submitted to,
posted on, uploaded to, transmitted, streamed, created, or displayed using, or otherwise
provided via or using the Services by you or on your behalf. All User-Generated
Content is provided at your own risk. We cannot guarantee that User-Generated
Content you provide will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. You understand
that, even after removal, copies of User-Generated Content you have provided
may remain viewable in cached and archived pages and may have been copied or
stored by Internet archives and other Service users. We will make
User-Generated Content available, including publicly available, to other
Service users and to the public, as applicable and at its sole discretion, and
will use and disclose User-Generated Content for the purpose for which it was
provided as indicated at the point of collection. For more information on
User-Generated Content, please review our
Terms
of Use
.
Job Applications
. If you submit a
resume, job application, or related materials or other information to us or
through the Services, we may use that information to evaluate your
qualifications and consider or respond to your inquiry or application. Your
submission of a resume, job application, or related information does not in any
way require Shiekh to review that information or consider you for employment. To view career
opportunities at Shiekh or to submit a job application you may be redirected to an online career portal
operated by a third party. We encourage you to review any terms and privacy
policies posted on that portal.
INFORMATION WE MAY AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT
As you navigate and use the Services, certain information can be passively collected
using various technologies. We passively collect a variety of types of
information in a variety of ways, including as described below.
User Activity.
We collect information on how the Services are used, for
example, the features you use, the links that you click on, your search
parameters, data reflecting transactions that have taken place using the
Services, how you interact with other users, performance statistics, and other
usage data. We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit
our Services (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your
computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the
pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time
spent on those pages and other statistics.
IP Addresses and Related Data.
The servers used to operate and provide the
Services may collect data pertaining to you and the equipment, software, and
communication methods you use to access the Internet and the Services,
including IP addresses assigned to the computers and other devices from where
you access the Internet, your Internet service provider (ISP), device ID
numbers and unique identifiers, your media access control (MAC) address, your
operating system, your device’s screen resolution, your web browser type, the
pages you access on the Services, the websites you access before and after
visiting the Services, the length of time you spend on the Services, date and
time stamps, clickstream data, your approximate geographic location, performance
statistics, and usage data. Shiekh may use this information to administer the
Services and their servers, to generate statistical information, to monitor and
analyze Service traffic and usage patterns, to monitor and help prevent fraud,
to investigate complaints and violations of our policies, and to improve the
Services.
We may
combine this information with other information (including personal
information) and information obtained from third parties for security reasons
and to protect our rights or the rights of others. The suppliers that we use to
provide the Services may collect information about your visits to the Services
and other websites. Some of this information may be collected using cookies and
similar tracking technologies as explained below under “
Cookies and Tracking
Technologies
.”
Analytics.
The Services use third-party analytics tools (e.g., Google Analytics) to collect
and process data about your use of the Services, including when you visit the
Services, URLs of the websites that you visit prior to visiting the Services
and when you visit those websites, and IP addresses assigned to the devices
from where you access the Internet. Our analytics providers may set and read
cookies to collect this data and your web browser will automatically send data
collected by those cookies to our analytics providers. Our analytics providers
use this data to provide us with reports that we will use to improve the
Services’ structure and content.
For more information on how Google uses this data, visit
Google’s Privacy Notice
and Google’s page on
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
To prevent this data from being used by Google Analytics, follow the
instructions to download and install the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
for each browser you use. Using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
will not prevent Shiekh from using other analytics tools and will
not prevent data from being sent to the Service itself or to Google. For more
information about how Google Analytics uses cookies to measure user
interactions on websites, visit
Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites
. You
may disable cookies as discussed below, but that may impact your use and
enjoyment of the Service.
Advertising
Networks, Personalized Advertising, Remarketing, and Retargeting.
From
time to time the Services may use or participate in advertising networks and
related advertising services that are managed and provided by third-party
advertising servers, advertising agencies, technology vendors, and research
firms, including Google Ads and advertising services provided by Meta
(sometimes referred to the Meta “tracking pixel”).
These
services collect information about your visits to and interactions with the
Services and other websites and will use that information to target
advertisements for goods and services and to display those advertisements on
other websites. The information collected may be associated with your personal
information.
Advertising
networks often gather data about consumers who view advertisements to make
inferences about a consumer’s interests and preferences, which enables their
computers to deliver advertisements directly targeted to the consumer’s
specific interests. This practice is often referred to as “online behavioral advertising.”
For example, a third-party advertising network might collect the type of web
browser you use, the type of computer operating system you use, the domain name
of a website you visit, whether or not you visit specific pages of the Services
and other websites, the location of your Internet service provider, the date
and time of a visit to a website, and other interactions between you and a
website.
Through
Google Ads, Google uses your Internet searches, cookies, and similar
identifiers (e.g., pixel tags) to collect information about your visits to the
Service and your interaction with our products and services to generate
targeted advertisements to you on other websites that you visit across the
Internet. We may also enable and implement Google Analytics Advertising
Features on the Services. To opt out of remarketing advertising provided
through Google, to customize your ad preferences, or to limit Google’s
collection or use this information, visit
Google’s Safety Center
and
Google’s Ad Settings
and follow
Google’s personalized ad opt-out instructions
. Opting out will not affect your use of the Service.
For
certain Meta advertising services, Meta Ireland is a Joint Controller (as
defined in the GDPR) and that information required under the GDPR related to
such processing can be found at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
. We
work with Meta and use their advertising services to measure and improve our
ads and marketing efforts, as well as to display more relevant advertising to
you. For further information on how Meta Ireland processes your personal
information, including the legal basis, and the ways to exercise your rights,
please visit
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
.
To
change your preferences with respect to certain online ads and to obtain more
information about third-party ad networks and online behavioral advertising,
please visit the
National Advertising Initiative Consumer opt-out page
or the
Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Program
.
Please remember that changing your settings with individual web browsers or ad
networks will not necessarily carry over to other browsers or ad networks. As a
result, depending on the opt-outs you request, you may still see our ads from
time to time. Your device may also include a feature (“Limit Ad Tracking” on
iOS or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” on Android) that allows you to opt out of
having certain information collected through apps used for behavioral
advertising purposes.
Social Media.
The Services may implement widgets, tools, or applications
provided by social media platforms and the Services may otherwise allow for
interaction, integration, or content sharing with third-party social media
platforms and companies. We may be required to implement cookies, plug-ins, and
APIs provided by those social media platforms in order to facilitate those
communications and features. By choosing to use any third-party social media
platform or choosing to share content or communications with any social media
platform, you allow us to share information with the designated social media
platform. Interactions, integrations, and content sharing with a social media
platform and their features may require or allow the social media Shiekh to
collect information from or about you, whether through cookies, registration
information, or otherwise. Social media companies may track your online
activity even when you do not choose to interact with the social media platform
or its widgets or other features. We encourage you to review the privacy policy
of any social media platform that you use or visit in connection with the
Services, as those platforms’ respective privacy policies will govern their
collection, use, and disclosure of information they collect from you. We cannot
control any policies or terms of such third party platform. As a result, we
cannot be responsible for any use or disclosure of your information or content
by third-party platforms, which you use at your own risk.
The
Services may also use the advertising services and networks offered by social
media platforms to deliver advertising content. Use of these services requires
social media platforms to implement cookies or pixel tags to deliver ads to you
while you are logged into the applicable social media platform.
If you
do not want social media platforms to collect information relating to you via
the Services or to link information collected via the Services to your social
media accounts, we suggest that you: (a) do not connect to or share information
with social media platforms using the Services; (b) hide social media platform
plug-ins using an ad blocker; (c) always log off completely from social media
platforms before visiting the Services or other websites and delete all related
cookies; and, (d) where the option is made available by a social media
platform, disable the advertising services and networks operated by that
platform. For example, you may opt out of Twitter’s interest-based advertising
by notifying Twitter through one of the methods it describes
here
. You
hereby acknowledge that Shiekh makes no guarantee that exercising the foregoing
options is guaranteed to prevent applicable social media platforms from
tracking you and, further, you acknowledge that Shiekh is not responsible for a
social media platform’s tracking of you.
OurSocial Media Pages.
Shiekh is active on social media. You may have the opportunity
to comment on social media platforms regarding, as well as send us reviews and
testimonials regarding, Shiekh and the products and services we offer and/or to
submit or upload related photos and other materials. Shiekh reserves the right
to post on the Services, other websites, and social media pages any comments,
photos, or content that you post on our social media pages or provide to us
(whether through social media or otherwise) to the extent permitted by
applicable law.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies.
The Services automatically use cookies to
track your use of the Services in order to facilitate and enhance the user
experience on the Services and for other purposes as described below. Cookies
are small pieces of information that are stored on your device’s hard drive by
your web browser. We use cookies to learn and track how you access and use the
Services, including when and how users visit the Services and how popular
particular Service pages are and aren’t. We also use cookies to recognize
Services users, to help display information on the Services, and to improve
your enjoyment and the usefulness of the Services, for example, by remembering
and displaying certain information.
The
Services may use both cookies that we implement and cookies implemented by our
suppliers and other third parties. “First-party” cookies allow your browser to
talk to the actual website that you are visiting, whereas “third-party” cookies
allow your browser to talk to third-party websites, such as the source of an ad
that appears on the website you are visiting or a third-party analytics
provider. Our suppliers may use cookies and tracking technologies to track
Service users across the Internet to understand how you get to the Services and
for the analytics purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy. We do
not have access to or control over these cookies and this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of third-party cookies.
        Click
here
for information on the cookies used by Meta. Click
here
and
here
for
information on the cookies used by Google.
A cookie
can either be a “session” cookie or a “persistent” cookie. Session cookies
exist only for so long as you are visiting the applicable website. Session
cookies are typically deleted or removed when you exit or quit your browser
application. Persistent cookies exist for a set period of time, for example,
six (6) months or one (1) year. Each time you visit a website that has
implemented a persistent cookie, that cookie will remain active until its
predetermined expiration date. You can also manually delete persistent cookies
as discussed above.
The
types of information collected by a cookie and the purposes for which that
information is used depend on the type of cookie. By way of illustration, the
types of cookies used, the types of information collected by those cookies, and
the purposes for which that information is used are described below. We may
combine information collected by cookies with other collected information.
·
Operationally necessary cookies (also called essential cookies).
These
are cookies that are required for the operation of the Services. For example,
these cookies are required to identify irregular website behavior, prevent
fraudulent activity, and improve security. They also allow users of the
Services to make use of its functions. Without these cookies, features and
services you have requested will not be able to be provided.
·
Functional cookies.
These cookies allow us to offer
you enhanced functionality when accessing or using the Services. This may
include to remembering choices you make, for example, remembering your
preferences or settings, remembering if you reacted to something on or through
the Services so that you are not asked to react to it again, remembering if you
have used any feature of the Services before, and enabling social media
components. If functional cookies are disabled, various functions of the
Services may be unavailable to you or may not work the way you want them to.
·
Performance cookies (also called analytical cookies).
These
cookies assess the performance of the Services, including as part of our
analytic practices to help us understand how visitors use and interact with the
Services, for example, which pages on our websites users visit most often.
These cookies also enable us to personalize content and remember your
preferences. These cookies help us improve the way our websites work and
provide a better, personalized user experience.
·
Advertising or targeted cookies.
These
cookies record your visits to the Services, the pages you visit on our
websites, and the links you have clicked. They gather information about your
browsing habits and remember that you have visited a particular website. Shiekh
and its third-party advertising platforms or networks may use this information
to make the Services and its content more relevant to your interests (this is
sometimes called “behavioral” or “targeted” advertising and is further discussed
above). These cookies are also used to limit the number of times you see an
advertisement and to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
To find out more about interest-based ads and your choices, please visit the
Digital Advertising Alliance
, the
Network Advertising Initiative
, the
Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) Europe
,
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
, and
http://www.youronlinechoices.com
.
For more
information about cookies, including about advertising cookies and your choices
regarding cookies, we suggest you visit the following websites:
https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0042-online-tracking
;
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
; and
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
Most
browsers automatically accept cookies. Browsers generally also allow users to
manage cookies in the browser’s settings. For example, a browser may allow you
to reject cookies from certain websites, reject certain types of cookies
regardless of the website, reject or disable all cookies from all websites,
and/or delete previously stored cookies. Some browsers also give you the option
of being notified every time a cookie is sent to your browser by a website. You
can disable or limit cookies but doing so may impact your use and enjoyment of
the Services and other websites. For example, the Services may not be able to
be personalized for you, may no longer capture or remember your preferences or
other choices you have made on the Services in the past, and may not remember
your name or contact information or other information you have entered using
the Services, and our website may not recognize the device(s) you use to access
the Services.
Changing
your cookie preferences in one browser will not necessarily carry over to other
browsers, so you may need to adjust your preferences each time you get a new
device, install a new browser, upgrade an existing browser, or alter or delete
a browser’s cookie file.
The
Services may also use the following types of tracking technologies: web beacons
(also called clear GIFs), flash cookies, and pixels (also called pixel tags).
Web beacons are tiny graphics with unique identifiers that function similar to
how cookies function but, in contrast to cookies, web beacons are embedded
invisibly on websites. Flash cookies collect and store information about your
use of a website and are commonly used for advertisements and videos. Cookie
management tools provided by your browser will not remove and cannot be used to
manage Flash cookies. Click
here
for
information on how to manage Flash cookies. Pixel tags can be placed on websites
or within emails to track your interactions with those websites and when emails
are opened.
TRACKING
OPTIONS AND DO NOT TRACK
You may
adjust your browser settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies,
but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the Services or
take full advantage of our offerings. Even without a cookie, you can still take
advantage of most of the features of our Sites or Apps, including making a
purchase, but we will not be able to recognize you as a registered user unless
you log in. Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from
some or all browsers.
However,
residents of certain U.S. states may opt out by broadcasting an Opt-Out
Preference Signal under applicable law, including the Global Privacy Control
(GPC), depending on which browsers and/or browser extensions you use that may
support such a signal. To look at extensions and browsers supporting the GPC
browser signal, visit here:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
. Note that if you choose to use the GPC signal, you will need to turn it on for each
supported browser or browser extension you use.
YOUR
CHOICES AND ACCESS
The purpose of this section of the
Privacy Policy is to
inform you of our privacy options. Some U.S. states and other jurisdictions
outside of the U.S. provide these options and rights to their residents.
Depending on the laws applicable to Shiekh’s processing of your
personal information and the location in which you reside, you may have the
ability to exercise the rights listed below and in this section of the Privacy Policy.
Subject to foregoing, in addition to all application limitations, exemptions,
or exceptions—regarding our collection and use of your personal
information—these rights may include, to the extent applicable:
Right to Confirm:
The right to confirm
     whether we are processing your personal information.
Right to Access
: You may have the right to request access to any of
     your personal information that we hold. Specifically,
     you may have the right to request the disclosure of (1) what personal
     information has been collected; (2) the categories of sources from which
     the personal information was collected; (3) the business or commercial
     purpose for collection or selling personal information; (4) the categories
     of third parties with whom we share personal information; and (5) the
     specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Right to Data Portability
: You may have the right to receive all such personal information about you from Shiekh in a structured,
     commonly used and machine-readable format, and also to require us to
     transmit it to another entity where this is technically feasible.
Right to Deletion
: You may have the right to request the deletion of
     your personal information that we have collected.
Right to Correction
: You may have the right to request the correction of your personal
     information that we collected.
Right to Lodge a Complaint
: You also may have the right to lodge a complaint
     with a government regulator (e.g., your state attorney general) or
     supervisory authority, in particular in your country of residence, if you
     consider that the collection and use of your personal information violates
     this Privacy Policy or applicable law.
To exercise these rights, please see the “Exercise Your Rights” section of the Privacy Policy
        below. Additionally, if you have any concerns, complaints, or other issues with regard to our
collection, use or other processing of your personal information, please
contact us via the means set forth under the “Contact Us” section of the Privacy Policy below.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR CERTAIN U.S. RESIDENTS
Certain U.S. states require additional
disclosures and provide users residing in such U.S. states with additional
choices and rights. This section of the Privacy Policy only applies to
individuals located in such U.S. states and where such U.S. state data protection
laws apply to Shiekh’s
processing of your personal information.
Sources.
Consistent with the Privacy Policy above, we
collect certain categories of personal information directly from you and, in
some circumstances, third parties. The categories of sources that we collect
personal information from in the prior 12 months includes the following:
·
Our third party service providers;
·
Advertising networks;
·
Affiliated, subsidiaries, and related companies;
·
Third party websites and mobile applications (e.g., websites that share information with us or our
            advertising partners);
·
Social media companies;
·
Our Services; and
·
Your communications with us.
Sensitive Personal Information
. As noted above, we collect your step count in connection with the Shiekh Green Rewards
Program. Under certain U.S. state laws, this may be considered sensitive
personal information. We will only collect such information after receiving
your prior consent to do so and in connection with our provision of the Shiekh
Green Rewards program. We do not sell or share sensitive personal information
with any third parties for cross-contextual behavioral or targeted advertising.
We also do not share or disclose sensitive personal information with third
parties for their own, independent purposes. You have the ability to disable
the disclosure of this information to us at any time by deleting and
de-activating your Shiekh Green Rewards account.
Rights
. Applicable laws in
your jurisdiction may grant you certain rights—subject to all applicable
limitations, exemptions, or exceptions—regarding our collection and use of your
personal information. In addition to those rights set forth in the “Your
Choices and Access” section of the Privacy Policy above, these rights
may include, to the extent applicable and to the extent granted under
applicable law:
·
The right to opt-out of targeted advertising and the sharing of
personal information that is shared for cross-contextual behavioral advertising
purposes;
·
The right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information;
·
The right to not be discriminated against due to your exercise of your rights under applicable law.
We do not discriminate against users for exercising the rights granted to them
under applicable law and that are applicable to our processing of your personal
information.
We do not use your personal information to profile you in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or significantly
similar effects (as may be defined under applicable law).
The above rights are only exercisable by you where the applicable law grants you the right being exerted and where no
exception or exemption under applicable law applies. You may also have a registered agent (if and only as permitted under
applicable law) that you authorize to act on your behalf. If you have a
registered agent act on your behalf, we have the right to authenticate such
agent’s authority to act. To exercise the rights
described herein (only to the extent applicable), you may submit a verifiable
request to us by through the methods set forth under the “Exercise Your
Rights” section below.
Selling and Sharing
. We do not sell your
personal information as the concept of “selling” is traditionally understood as
being the exchange of something for money. However, we sell your personal
information to, and share your personal information with, third parties for the
purpose of cross-contextual behavioral advertising purposes (e.g., targeted
advertising and remarketing). Applicable U.S. state data protection laws hold
such disclosures and sharing to be considered “selling” or “sharing”.
Therefore, you have the right to opt out of such selling and sharing. In the
preceding 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of
personal information with the following categories of third parties and for the
following purposes:
Category of Personal Information Sold or Shared
Category of Third-Party Recipient
Purpose
Identifiers
Analytics, marketing, advertising, and remarketing partners and service providers
Analytical and targeted advertising purposes (including, without limitation, cross-contextual
  behavioral advertising).
Specifically, to target advertisements for goods and services and to display those advertisements on
  other websites.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Analytics, marketing, advertising, and remarketing partners and service providers
Analytical and targeted advertising
  purposes (including, without limitation, cross-contextual behavioral
  advertising).
Specifically, to target
  advertisements for goods and services and to display those advertisements on
  other websites.
You have the right to opt out of the selling
or sharing of your personal information as described herein. You may exercise
this right to opt out by utilizing the Global Privacy Control as mentioned in the Tracking Options and Do Not Track
section of this Privacy Policy above, or by clicking the
“Your Privacy Choices”
link in the footer below.
     If you have any questions, concerns, or would like more information on our ability to opt out, you can contact
     us by emailing
support@shiekh.com
.
We do not knowingly sell or share for
cross-contextual behavioral advertising purposes, the personal information of
anyone under the age of 16 years old. See the “
Children’s Privacy
”
section of this Privacy Policy below for more information.
Notice of Financial Incentive / Bona-Fide Loyalty Program.
Under certain U.S. state laws (for example, California, Colorado,
and Connecticut) and only where applicable to our processing of your personal
information, our Rewards Program (see terms
here
) (the “Program”) may be

considered a financial incentive program and/or a bona fide loyalty program. In
order to provide you with the incentives and rewards under the Program as
described in the applicable program terms and conditions (
https://www.shiekh.com/reward-points.html
&
https://www.shiekh.com/green-privacy-policy.html
, which are collectively referred to as the “
Rewards Terms and Conditions
”)
, we use personal information about you, including, for example, your first and last name, your
birth date, phone number, email address, purchase history (such as those
connected to earning and/or redeeming rewards), physical address, etc. to
identify you as a member of the Program and to associate you with your
transactions (such as those connected to earning and/or redeeming rewards) and
your account. We are unable to provide and administer the Program and provide
you with an account without such information. For example, without your
personal information, we have no method available to associate your
transactions with your account and are unable to verify your access to your
account. In such context, the value of the personal information you provide us
is related to the non-fixed value of the rewards, as described further
described in the
Rewards Terms and Conditions
that you can obtain through your participation in the Program, less the expense
to Shiekh in its offering and administration of the Program. As stated above,
we process all personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Consistent with the Privacy Policy, in providing and administering the Program
we may disclose your personal information to our banking partners and card
issuing banks (see the “Rewards Card” section above for more information),
service providers (including, without limitation, payment processing companies,
fraud prevention providers, cloud storage providers, IT service providers, and
marketing and advertising partners), and law enforcement. You can opt-in to the
Program through the methods set forth above in the
Rewards Terms and
Conditions
. You have the right to withdraw—and to
have your account cancelled and deleted permanently (including, without
limitation, all rewards you may have earned) therein—at any time by emailing
support@shiekh.com
. You acknowledge that upon the deletion and cancellation of your account, your rewards will also be deleted,
and you hereby forfeit all such rewards upon any such cancelation and deletion.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS IN THE EEA
This section of the Privacy Policy applies to residents of countries or jurisdictions located in the EEA,
including, without limitation, the European Union and the United Kingdom.
Rights.
To the extent
the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation or other law granting
particular rights to data subjects applies to you (including, without
limitation, those located in the United Kingdom) and subject to all applicable
exceptions and exemptions granted under such applicable laws, you may have the
following rights with regard to our processing of your personal information in
addition to those rights set forth in the “Your Choices and Access” section of
the Privacy Policy above:
·
Right
to Restrict Personal Information Use and Right to Object
: You may have the right
to restrict our use of your personal information where (i) you contest the
accuracy of the personal information; (ii) the use is unlawful but you do not
want us to erase the personal information; (iii) we no longer need the personal
information for the relevant purposes, but you require it for the
establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected
to our personal information use justified on our legitimate interests pending
verification as to whether Company has compelling interests to continue the
relevant personal information use.
EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
Except with respect to your targeted advertising and selling opt out rights, whose methods are described
            in the “Selling and Sharing” section above, if this Privacy Policy expressly stated above that you
            have certain rights or applicable law grants you certain rights as it relates to this Privacy Policy and information we collect, you
may submit a verifiable request to us by
Telephone
: +18885744354
Visiting:
Data Subject Rights Request
Please note that to exercise your rights to opt out of targeted advertising and/or the sale
        of your personal data, you must follow the instructions provided under the “Selling and Sharing” section of
        the Privacy Policy above. Only you or a registered agent (if and only as permitted under
applicable law) that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable
consumer request related to your personal information. If you have a registered
agent act on your behalf, we have the right to authenticate such agent’s
authority to act. Without limiting the foregoing, the verifiable consumer request must:
Provide
sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person
about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
·
Describe
your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand,
evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal
information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request
and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account
with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable
consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the
request.
We
will respond to your request within the applicable timeframe required under
applicable law. If we deny your request, you can appeal such denial by emailing
us at
support@shiekh.com
.
If the appeal is denied, you may submit a compliant to the applicable
government regulator or authority in the jurisdiction in which you are located
(which, for U.S. residents, includes the state Attorney General in the state in
which you reside).
ABILITY TO OPT-OUT OF MARKETING EMAILS
At any
time, you have the option of opting out of receiving emails regarding special
offers, newsletters or other marketing communications from us by clicking on
the “unsubscribe” link in the email you receive from us which will direct you
on the process of opting out of future email marketing. Please be advised
that by using these opt out procedures, you may still receive non-marketing
email messages from us to confirm your order, respond to your questions, etc.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES & EMBEDDED CONTENT
This
website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Shiekh.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such
other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read
the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally
identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies only to information
collected by this website.This Privacy Policy does not apply to any
third-party websites, applications, or services or to any personal or other
information that you may provide to third parties. As such, your access or use
of any such linked websites or apps is solely at your own risk, and hereby waive
any and all claims against Shiekh with respect to such linked websites or apps.
The Services may incorporate content, including feeds, scripts

embedded in the Services’ code, and visible content (e.g., videos), provided by
third parties. In some cases, those third parties collect data about how you
interact with their content. The Services may also include
Google Maps features and content. Google Maps features and content is subject
to the then-current versions of Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of
Service at
https://maps.google.com/help/terms_maps.html
and Google Privacy Policy at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
Our Services may use YouTube to make content in video format available to you. By
accessing a part of the Services where videos are available, watching an embedded
video, or otherwise interacting with any content made available through
YouTube, you signify your agreement with YouTube’s
terms and conditions
.
YouTube collects and otherwise has access to usage data (e.g., what videos you
accessed and watched) through videos embedded in the Services as further
described in
YouTube’s Privacy Notice.
YouTube adheres to Google's privacy policies and principles, part of which
allow you to control certain privacy settings and which data are collected. For
more information, please visit
https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks/user-settings/privacy/
.
SECURITY & RETENTION
Personal
information you provide us should be relevant to the purposes for which it is
to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes should be accurate,
complete, and up to date. The security of your personal information is
important to us. We use reasonable technological and physical safeguards designed
to protect personal information you provide to us from loss, misuse and
unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
We
follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal
information submitted to us. No method of transmission over the Internet is
100% secure, however, we make all reasonable efforts to use commercially
acceptable means to protect your personal information.If you become aware
of any breach of the Services’ security or of this Privacy Policy, please
notify us at
support@shiekh.com
immediately.
We will
retain your personal information for as long as it’s needed to fulfill the
purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our Terms unless a
longer retention period is required or permitted by law (e.g., tax, accounting,
or other legal requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need
to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it; if
that is not possible (e.g., because your personal information has been stored
in back-up archives), we will securely store your personal information and
isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The
Services are not directed at children under 16 years of age. Shiekh does not
knowingly collect or use information from children under 16 through the
Services. If a parent or legal guardian becomes aware that a child under the
age of 16 has provided information to us through the Services, the parent or
legal guardian should contact us using the information below under “
Contact
Us
” and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that
information.
CUSTOMER SERVICE AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the security on our Sites or Apps, or our data
            handling practice, you may contact us by email at
support@shiekh.com
or by writing us at:
Corporate Headquaters
Shiekh Shoes
494 North E Street
San Bernardino, CA 92401
(888) 574-4354
Before registering on the Sunbit website, you need to
log in
or
create a new user
on this website.
Product brand
Product name
QR popup title
Registered Customers
Login fieldset
If you have an account, sign in with your email address.
Email
Password
Sign In
Forgot Your Password?
New Customers
Creating an account has many benefits: check out faster, keep more than one address,
                                    track orders and more.
Create an Account
Be the first to know about exclusive offers, new products and more...
Email
Sign Up
By signing up for our newsletter, you agree to our
Terms of Use
and
Privacy Policy
.
Thank you for subscribing!
Oops!..
Copyright © 2025 Shiekh Shoes LLC. All rights reserved.
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/:
Take control of your privacy.
Online privacy should be accessible to everyone. It starts with a simpler way to exercise your rights.
Get Started
Get Involved
Read the Latest Press Release
and
Follow @globalprivctrl on Twitter
.
Turn On
GPC
Enable Global Privacy Control to communicate your privacy preference.
Send the Signal
Your browser will send the
GPC
signal to websites you visit.
Exercise Your Rights
Participating websites can respect your privacy rights accordingly.
You may have noticed “Do Not Sell” and “Object To Processing” links around the web from companies complying with privacy regulations. To opt out of websites selling or sharing your personal information, you need to click these links for every site you visit.
Now you can exercise your legal privacy rights in one step via Global Privacy Control (
GPC
), required under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Together, over a dozen organizations are developing the
GPC
specification.
Get Involved
GPC
lets users signal their desired privacy, just by browsing.
GPC
is available as part of several major browsers, extensions, and websites.
View Full Spec
Test against the reference server
The
GPC
signal will be intended to communicate a Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per
CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315
for that browser or device, or, if known, the consumer. Under the GDPR, the intent of the
GPC
signal is to convey a general request that data controllers limit the sale or sharing of the user’s personal data to other data controllers (
GDPR Articles 7 & 21
). Over time, the
GPC
signal may be intended to communicate rights in other jurisdictions.
“
CA DOJ is encouraged to see the technology community developing a global privacy control in furtherance of the CCPA and consumer privacy rights.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
“
40 million consumers are now using web browsers and other privacy tools that support this global opt out. Major publishers, the New York Times, Washington Post, have already pledged to respect it. California's Attorney General has already said that companies must respect GPC. This is a big step in Americans privacy, a big, big step forward.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
My hope is that Governor Northam and the legislature will improve [the newly passed Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act] in the near future in important ways... making it easier for Virginia citizens to invoke their privacy rights, such as through a global privacy control.
”
Mark R. Warner
VA Senator
“
GPC provides a clear and binary indication of an individual's choice... Based on a review of several of the web browsers' intentions regarding GPC, it appears likely to be a prominent, easily understandable, and accessible mechanism in the browser settings.
”
Alexander McD White
Bermuda Privacy Commissioner
“
It's past time to give consumers a real and enforceable way to stop companies from tracking and selling their data. My Mind Your Own Business Act would do just that, and this project [Global Privacy Control] shows it’s possible.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
CCPA requires businesses to treat a user-enabled global privacy control as a legally valid consumer request to opt out of the sale of their data. CCPA opened the door to developing a technical standard, like the GPC, which satisfies this legal requirement & protects privacy.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
Got to slide
0
Got to slide
1
Got to slide
2
Got to slide
3
Got to slide
4
Got to slide
5
Join over 50 million users.
Download a supported browser or extension and start exercising your privacy rights with GPC.
View All Downloads
Abine DeleteMe
LEARN MORE
about
Abine DeleteMe
Brave Browser
LEARN MORE
about
Brave Browser
Disconnect
LEARN MORE
about
Disconnect
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
LEARN MORE
about
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
Firefox
LEARN MORE
about
Firefox
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
LEARN MORE
about
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
Privacy Badger by EFF
LEARN MORE
about
Privacy Badger by EFF
lockrMail by lockr
LEARN MORE
about
lockrMail by lockr
Founding Organizations
The following organizations, representing 50 million users and hundreds of thousands of websites, are in support of GPC.
View All Organizations
Featured Press & Announcements
GPC Privacy Browser Signal Now Used by Millions and Honored By Major Publishers
Global Privacy Control
Your browser can tell websites how to treat your data. But companies didn’t have to listen — until now
The Washington Post
‘Do Not Track’ Is Back, and This Time It Might Work
Wired
Tech-publisher coalition backs new push for browser-level privacy controls
TechCrunch
View More Press
Frequently Asked Questions
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a proposed specification designed to allow
Internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as
whether or not they want their personal information to be sold or shared. It
consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and
acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the
specification.
GPC is being developed by a broad coalition of stakeholders:
technologists, web publishers, technology companies,
browser vendors, extension developers, academics, and
civil rights organizations.
The GPC was initially spearheaded by
Ashkan
Soltani
Georgetown
Law
and
Sebastian
Zimmeck
(
Wesleyan
University
) in collaboration with
The New York
Times
,
The Washington
Post
,
Financial Times
,
Automattic (Wordpress.com & Tumblr)
,
Glitch
,
DuckDuckGo
,
Brave
,
Mozilla
,
Disconnect
,
Abine
,
Digital Content Next (DCN)
,
Consumer
Reports
, and the
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
.
GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions,
listed
here
. If you want to use
GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser
extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
The GPC spec is easy to implement on a wide variety of websites and other
services. The proposed specification and back-end implementation reference
documentation are available
here
.
For additional information, please feel free to reach out on Github or Twitter
(
@globablprivctrl
).
As it is intended to invoke users’ privacy rights, we encourage policymakers
from around the world to engage in the development of this specification. If you
would like to learn more about how GPC could work in your jurisdiction, please
contact us via email at
info[at]globalprivacycontrol.org
.
GPC was initially introduced at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
Privacy
Community Group
(Privacy CG) in April 2020. A
number of stakeholders are part of that community. There are ongoing
discussions in the Privacy CG. Interested parties are encouraged to engage with
the proposal
here
.
Additionally, GPC is currently being implemented across the web. A number of
browsers, extensions, and publishers are supporting or implementing GPC (see
below).
View All
FAQ
s
Get Involved
Contact us to learn more about supporting
GPC
in your browser, app, or website.
@globalprivctrl
Sub-policy 4
https://www.shiekh.com/your-privacy-choices:
Please verify you are a human
Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
This may happen as a result of the following:
Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
Your browser does not support cookies
Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
Reference ID: #81b17db0-08ae-11f0-b55b-698b2af68fe3
Sub-policy 5
https://www.shiekh.com/green-privacy-policy.html:
Please verify you are a human
Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
This may happen as a result of the following:
Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
Your browser does not support cookies
Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
Reference ID: #81b17db0-08ae-11f0-b55b-698b2af68fe3
Sub-policy 6
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 7
https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks/user-settings/privacy/:
youtube.com/howyoutubeworks uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
How user settings work
Privacy controls
Overview
Your data in YouTube
Incognito mode
Keeping you safe online is core to everything that we do – it is our commitment to be transparent about the data that we collect while giving you choice and control over your data. The data that you provide to Google and YouTube delivers helpful services to you. YouTube is part of Google and adheres to Google's Privacy Policy and principles. You can always control your privacy settings by visiting
Your data in YouTube
or your
Google Account
.
Resources
Read Google's privacy policies
Learn about Google's privacy and security principles
Understanding the basics of privacy on YouTube apps
Your data in YouTube
Your data in YouTube is a feature that makes it easier for you to understand and control what data is saved and how it is used on YouTube and across Google. It gives you quick access to YouTube privacy controls, as well as information about
how YouTube works
with your data, such as your search and watch history. The activity in your history is private and is used to improve your experience, like reminding you what you've watched and giving you more relevant recommendations and search results. You can remove specific videos from your watch history and queries from your search history, pause your watch and search history or start afresh by clearing your entire watch and search history. Any videos removed from your history will no longer influence your recommendations and queries that you've removed won't be shown in your search bar as suggestions.
Your data in YouTube:
Manage your privacy settings across YouTube and Google
Resources
Manage your data in YouTube
Review your privacy settings across your Google Account
YouTube Incognito mode
YouTube Incognito mode lets you browse privately in a session so that your account search and watch history will not reflect whatever you're viewing and will not be carried over to your logged-in account.
Incognito mode:
Browse privately so that search and watch history won't influence or reflect what is being viewed
Resources
Learn how to browse YouTube while incognito
Related articles
Protecting user data
Read more
Ad Settings
Read more
Parental controls
Read more