InspectRealEstate Privacy Policy
IRE- Legal
Last updated March 2023
Privacy Policy
keyboard_arrow_down
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy explains how IRE Pty Ltd ACN 158 167 590 (trading as InspectRealEstate)
(InspectRealEstate, we, us, our)
and its related
			bodies corporate (as that term is defined by the
Corporations Act 2001
(Cth)) collect, manage, use and disclose your
			personal information.
We are subject to the
Privacy Act 1988
(Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles.
keyboard_arrow_down
2. Who is InspectRealEstate?
InspectRealEstate is a technology company headquartered in Brisbane, Australia that provides services to the
			real estate industry and to property seekers, via its products and services including, but not limited to:
2Apply -
Rental Application Form
;
Move Me In -
Connections
;
Move Me Out
;
TenantApp -
Rental Properties
;
InspectRealEstate’s
property management solutions
; and
InspectRealEstate’s product and services suite for real estate agents and property managers.
keyboard_arrow_down
3. What personal information do we collect and hold?
Personal Information
Personal information is information or an opinion about an individual whose identity is apparent or can be
			reasonably ascertained. The personal information that we may collect from you when you use our products and services includes:
identity information (such as your name, address, date of birth);
contact information (such as your phone number, email address, residential and postal address);
other property-related information, e.g. electricity meter identifiers;
copies of identity documents (e.g. your 100 points of ID, such as driver licence, passport and Medicare
				card);
bank details;
information about your employment, education and rental history;
information about your property enquiries, applications and tenancies; and
any other information provided to us.
Sensitive information
Sensitive information is a type of personal information and specifically refers to information or an opinion
			about certain things like your racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs or affiliations, sexual
			orientation or practices, criminal record, and health information.
In general, we attempt to limit the collection of sensitive information, but depending on how you use our
			services, we may need to collect sensitive information from you. That said, we will never collect sensitive
			information from you without your consent, unless we are permitted or required to do so by law.
If you do not wish us to store any sensitive information, please do not provide it to us directly, or to a
			third party who requests it through our services.
keyboard_arrow_down
4. How do we collect your personal information?
We may collect your personal information from a variety of sources including, but not limited to:
How we collect your personal information:
Examples of when this might occur:
Directly from you
When you create accounts with us;
when you use our applications, products or services (such as 2Apply, Move Me In and
							TenantApp);
when you use social logins to create or access your accounts with us;
when you contact us (e.g. by phone, email, or online enquiry); or
when you complete any transactions or applications with or through us.
From third parties on your request
When a third party is your authorised representative (e.g. a power of attorney or legal guardian),
							or when they assist you with the property application process;
your referees when they provide references about you; or
when we conduct searches or checks (e.g., a tenancy database search) on your request to us
							or to a property manager or real estate agent.
From property seekers in connection with their property search
When they list you as a co-tenant for an actual or prospective tenancy;
when they nominate you as their emergency contact (e.g. in a property application); or
when they nominate you as their referee (e.g. in a property application).
From property managers and real estate agencies
When you subscribe to their mail, email or SMS updates and they manage their subscription
							lists and send communications through our system;
when you submit an enquiry, inspection request or application to them and they manage that
							enquiry, request or application process through our system; or
property managers and real estate agencies may also use our technology and services
							(including our data storage facilities) to help them manage their services such as their
							communications, enquiries, inspections, applications and tenancies even if you do not
							directly use our services.
From automated sources
When our website stores a cookie on your browser;
when our analytics services and automated systems log your information, e.g. IP addresses; or
when we use our automated technology to convert your documents to machine readable text
							(e.g. when you upload your utility bills to Move Me In).
For more information see Section 5 (Analytics and Cookies).
From third party service providers (such as property platforms, utility service providers, and other
					people you or we may deal with in your property search)
When you use a property site or platform that uses our software to handle your enquiry,
							inspection booking or application;
when you search for and connect with utilities etc. using our Move Me In service (e.g.
							utility service providers, metering service providers and other retailers connected to your
							Move Me In searches and connections); or
when we or you interact with other third parties connected to your property search and the
							management of your tenancy or property purchase (e.g, tradespeople, tenancy databases and
							banks).
Other
When we or you interact with regulators and law enforcement;
when your employer provide such information to us (if you are employed by someone who uses our services); or
when you use a recruitment platform (if you apply for a job with us)
You acknowledge and agree that:
your use of our products and services constitutes your consent to us collecting, using, disclosing 
				and handling your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy; and
if you do not consent to us collecting your information as outlined above, we may not be able to provide
				these services to you, and the third parties who use our services (such as property managers or utilities providers) may not be
				able to provide their services to you.
keyboard_arrow_down
5. Analytics and Cookies
Our websites use cookies and third party analytics services such as Google Analytics and Microsoft Clarity.
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer. We use cookies to ensure that our websites work
			efficiently, securely and as intended, to improve your user experience, to ensure that any ads that you may
			see on our websites are relevant to you and your needs, and to provide information to us (such as analytics
			data) on how our websites are used. We also use cookies on our websites to enable us to monitor traffic
			patterns, trends and to serve you more efficiently if you revisit our website.
In most cases, a cookie does not identify you personally but may identify your internet service provider or
			computer. We may gather your IP address as part of our business activities and to assist with any
			operational difficulties or support issues with our services. In some cases, cookies may enable us to
			aggregate certain information with other personal information we collect and hold about you. We extend the
			same privacy protection to your personal information whether gathered via cookies or from other sources as
			detailed in this Privacy Policy.
By using our websites, you consent to the processing of data about you in the manner described, and for the
			purposes set out, above
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. This will provide you with an opportunity
			to either accept or reject it in each instance. However, if you disable cookies, you may not be able to
			access certain areas of our websites, or the website may not operate as intended for you. You can separately
			opt out of the use of cookies via your browser.
keyboard_arrow_down
6. How do we store your personal information?
Once we collect your personal information, we will hold it securely and store it on infrastructure either
			owned or controlled by us or with a third party service provider (for example, cloud storage providers).
			Where we use a third party service provider, we take reasonable steps to ensure that they comply with the
Privacy Act 1988
(Cth).
Regardless of whether your information is stored on devices, in the cloud or physically, we secure your
			information using industry standard techniques and through the use of reputable suppliers.
With regards to the personal information that you submit as part of a 2Apply application, we store that
			information on-shore in Australia using Microsoft Azure, a top-tier storage provider. This information is
			encrypted at rest by Microsoft, and we use additional industry standard encryption methods that reflect the
			sensitivity of the information being stored.
We are ISO 27001 certified (this is a voluntary international standard on information security). As part of
			our information security management protocol, we require all staff to comply with our IT policies,
			procedures and access controls which are regularly reviewed and audited.
keyboard_arrow_down
7. How do we use personal information?
We collect, hold and use your personal information for the following purposes:
To provide our services to you and to conduct our business
– for example, to
				provide you with our relevant products and services, to enable us to conduct our business and to ensure that
				our services operate correctly, smoothly and as intended for you, including for the purposes of contacting
				you in connection with the provision of our products and services
To facilitate the provision of services to you by third party service providers
– for example, 
				to allow third party service providers (such as utility service providers and 'connection service' providers) to provide 
				you with their products and services, including to allow those third party service providers to contact you. See section 8 (Direct Marketing) for more information.
To communicate with you, e.g. via email, SMS, mail, telephone and online
– for
				example, to respond to your enquiries and to send you updates and marketing communications. See section
				8 (Direct Marketing) for more information.
For administration purposes and to provide technical support to you
– for
				example, to manage and administer your accounts, services, and your interactions with us, and to provide
				technical support to you.
To verify your identity
– for example, to help keep your account secure (such as
				by sending two-factor authentication codes to you or to send you links to update your login details),
				and to verify your identity when we interact with you. We may, with your consent, use third party
				software to verify your identity.
To provide our services to real estate agencies and property managers and to allow them to
					provide their services to you
– we provide a variety of services to real estate
				agencies and property managers, and we help them to provide their services to you. For example, our
				technology may be used by real estate agencies and property managers to help them contact you and to
				manage your enquiries, inspections, applications, tenancies and information. We may also provide data
				storage services for real estate agencies and property managers. When we collect, store and use personal
				information of property seekers on behalf of a property manager or real estate agency, that property
				manager or real estate agency retains control over that information, and we handle it in accordance with
				their instructions (which may include instructions to us to provide personal information to service providers and contractors they may use to help them provide their services to property seekers). Please refer to the privacy policy of any property manager or real estate agency
				with whom you have dealings for more information about how they handle your personal information. We are
				not responsible for how these entities handle your personal information.
To provide services to property platforms and others and to help them provide their services to
					you
– for example, our technology may be used by property platforms and other providers of property-related products or services (e.g. providers of rental bond loans) to help them
				provide their services to you and to connect you and them with real estate agencies and property
				managers.
To help you manage your business accounts with us
– if you are a property
				manager or a real estate agent who uses our services, we use your personal information to help you
				manage your accounts with us, and to help you find and transact with your desired buyer or renter and to
				provide our services to you.
To improve our services
– we are continually looking for ways to improve. We may
				use your personal information to help us with this. For example, we may use your comments and feedback,
				as well as information about how you interact with us, our services, products, systems and websites to
				improve the way that we operate.
Development and analysis
– we are constantly developing new products, services,
				goods and new business opportunities. To do this, it is important that we understand your needs, the
				needs of the property industry, as well as the state of the property market. We may use reporting, data
				analysis, automated functions, cookie data and website analytics (e.g. logging numbers of unique and
				repeat users) to support this. In many cases, this data is aggregated and anonymised. We may also
				combine this data with other information that we hold for a more complete picture of how we can better
				serve you and your needs.
To manage your job applications with us
– if you apply for a job with us, we may
				use your personal information to manage your application and the recruitment process.
As required or authorised by law, as permitted by this Privacy Policy, or otherwise with your
					consent.
If you do not consent to us collecting your information as outlined above, we may not be able to provide
			these services to you, and the third parties who use our services (such as property managers) may not be
			able to provide their services to you.
keyboard_arrow_down
8. Direct Marketing
You acknowledge and agree that your use of our products and services and your provision of your Personal 
			information to us, constitutes your consent, and 'opting-in', to us, or any third parties to whome we provide your Personal Information 
			in accordance with this Privacy Policy, sending you communications by any means.
Marketing communications from us
– we may send you communications that market our
			products or services to you (e.g. Move Me In and TenantApp) or about the products or services of third
			parties that we think may be of interest to you (such as service providers and 'connection service' providers e.g. electricity, gas telecoms, insurance etc.). We may also conduct marketing campaigns using third party
			platforms such as Facebook or Google Ads.
Marketing communications from third parties
–
we may
share
your personal information with other third parties (including any third parties you may interact with using our services) 
				so that they can contact you directly about their goods or services, or other offers or promotions, and
you understand that such third parties may contact you for direct marketing purposes.
For more information about how these entities use your personal information for the purposes
			of direct marketing, please refer to their respective privacy policies. We are not responsible for the way
			that these entities communicate with you.
Opting-out
If you have received marketing communications from us, and if you no longer wish to receive those types of
			communications from us, please use the opt-out mechanism in the relevant communication and we will ensure
			that the relevant communication ceases.
Please note, opting-out of receiving marketing communications from us may not opt you out of receiving
			marketing communications from third parties with whom you have interacted using our services (for example
			real estate agents to whom you have submitted a rental application) and who may use our technology to send
			you communications. If you want to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from these third parties,
			please liaise with those third parties directly.
keyboard_arrow_down
9. To whom do we disclose your personal
			information?
We will not use or disclose your Personal Information for any purpose other than the purpose for which 
			it was collected (or a related purpose), unless you have consented to that other purpose, or we are permitted 
			or required to do so by law.
We may disclose your personal information:
To your joint applicants, co-tenants, emergency contacts and your referees.
To our employees, our related bodies corporate, other entities in the InspectRealEstate group 
				and our business partners
– our related bodies corporate will manage your personal
				information as described in this Privacy Policy.
To real estate agencies and property managers
- for example, when you have submitted
				information to them, requested services or information from them, to help them provide their services to
				you (which may include instructions to us to provide personal information to service providers and contractors they may use to provide those services), to help them manage your subscriptions, enquiries, inspection bookings, applications and tenancies,
				and so that we can provide our products and services to you and them.
To property platforms and listing sites
in connection with the services or information
				that you have requested from them or us, and when they or the relevant agency or property manager uses
				our services or technology (for example, to manage your enquiries or to book an inspection).
To third parties in connection with our Move Me In service
– if you use or sign
				up to any services through our Move Me In service (e.g. utilities service providers, removalists), we
				will disclose your personal information to facilitate that connection and service (for example to third
				party utility service providers and 'connection service' providers).
To our service providers and contractors
– we use other service providers to help
				us provide our products and services to you, for example, providers of cloud hosting services, SMS
				services, email services, online payment systems and gateways, rental bond loans, other IT services and professional services (such as
				lawyers, accountants, insurers and consultants).
To relevant third parties (including regulators, law enforcement and concerned parties)
when we are legally compelled or required to do so or when we reasonably believe that
				disclosure is necessary.
To facilitate or implement a sale or transfer of all or part of our business or assets.
To third parties when you request us to do so or otherwise when you have given your consent to
					the disclosure.
To third parties for benchmarking and reporting purposes -
we sometimes provide third
				parties with benchmarking and reporting services. These services sometimes include providing analysis of
				property related enquiries, tenancies and purchases by users of our services. This data is mostly
				aggregated or anonymised.
As otherwise required or permitted by law.
The collection and use of your personal information by a third party may be subject to a separate privacy
			policy. If you submit or request any information from any third parties in connection with our services, we
			recommend that you read their privacy policy. We are not responsible for the way that they handle your
			personal information.
keyboard_arrow_down
10. Overseas Disclosure
Personal information collected and held by us may be accessed from, disclosed to, and held outside of
			Australia (including but not limited to New Zealand, the United Kingdom, countries within the European
			Union, Switzerland and the United States of America). Personal information in 2Apply profiles is held within
			servers located in Australia.
From time to time, we use third party service providers and this may result in the storage of, processing of
			and access to your personal information outside of Australia (even if the information is primarily held
			within servers in Australia).
Similarly, your personal information may be accessed by staff or other third parties operating outside of
			Australia who work with or for us, our related bodies corporate, or our other suppliers, agents or partners.
You may not have the same rights in relation to the handling of your personal information by overseas
			recipients as you would under the Australian privacy laws, but when we disclose information to overseas
			recipients, we take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information will not be held, used or
			disclosed in a way which is inconsistent with Australian law. By providing your personal information to us,
			you consent to the disclosure of your personal information to recipients outside Australia.
keyboard_arrow_down
11. How to access or correct your personal
			information
You have the right to access or correct the personal information that we hold about you if it is inaccurate,
			out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, including your account details. If there is anything you
			want to change or correct, you can contact our Privacy Officer at
privacy@inspectrealestate.com.au
.
We reserve the right to refuse a request to access or correct your personal information where there are
			reasonable grounds for doing so. For example, if providing access to your personal information would be
			unlawful or would compromise the privacy of another person, we may be required to reject a request for
			access.
keyboard_arrow_down
12. Complaints process
If you have a complaint, please contact our Privacy Officer at
privacy@inspectrealestate.com.au
.
			When you notify us of a complaint about our handling of your personal information, we will deal with the
			complaint by responding to it in writing within a reasonable period (usually 10 business days from the day
			we receive your email).
We will endeavour to work with you to resolve the complaint within 30 days, although that period may be
			longer if it is reasonable to take longer in the circumstances or given the nature of your complaint.
If you are unsatisfied with our response, you may refer the complaint to the
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
.
keyboard_arrow_down
13. Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, for example, to take into account new or amended laws,
			new technology or changes to the way that we operate. If we do update our Privacy Policy, we will post the
			updated version on our
website.
All
			personal information held by us will be handled in accordance with our most up-to-date Privacy Policy. If
			you use our services, we will take that as consent to our Privacy Policy.
keyboard_arrow_down
14. GDPR
Although we do not target any services towards clients in the European Economic Area (
EEA
),
			if you access our services from the EEA, you may have additional rights under the General Data Protection
			Regulation (
GDPR
) in respect of any of your personal data that we obtain
.
In addition to your other rights under this Privacy Policy, in certain circumstances:
You may be entitled to request details of the data that we hold about you and how we process it.
You may also have a right to:
have that data rectified or deleted;
restrict our processing of that data;
stop unauthorised transfers of your personal data to a third party;
in some circumstances, have that data transferred to another organisation; and
lodge a complaint in relation to our processing of your personal data with a local supervisory
						authority.
Where we rely upon your consent as our legal basis for collecting and processing your data, you may
				withdraw that consent at any time. If you object to the processing of your personal data, or if you have
				provided your consent to processing and you later choose to withdraw it, we will respect that choice in
				accordance with our legal obligations. However, please be aware that:
such objection or withdrawal of consent could mean that we are unable to provide our services to
						you, and could unduly prevent us from legitimately providing our services to other clients
						subject to appropriate confidentiality protections; and
even after you have chosen to withdraw your consent, we may be able to continue to keep and
						process your personal data to the extent required or otherwise permitted by law, in particular:
to pursue our legitimate interests in a way that might reasonably be expected as part of
								running our business and which does not materially impact on your rights, freedoms or
								interests; and
in exercising and defending our legal rights and meeting our legal and regulatory
								obligations.
If you believe the GDPR may apply to your personal data and you wish to exercise any of your data subject
			rights, please send your request in writing to our Privacy Officer at
privacy@inspectrealestate.com.au
.