Privacy policy
General
The Administrator of your personal data is Pixel-Tech Sp. J., based at 41-303 Dąbrowa Górnicza, ul. Laski 6A, Poland, entered in the Register of Businesses maintained by the Division VIII of the National Court Register of the District Court for Katowice, under the KRS: 0000358467, REGON: 240352530 and NIP: PL6443287239.
We will never pass on your personal details (selling, renting, or otherwise) to anyone else without your explicit consent. The following legal document will dictate how we handle this information.
This Privacy Policy – together with our Terms Of Use – sets out how Pixel-Tech (hereinafter: “we”, “our”, “us”) will use any personal data we collect from you, or you provide us with during your use of the online service (hereinafter: the “website”).
We respect the privacy of every individual who visits the website. Our policy on the collection and use of personal information is outlined below.
We will not disclose any of your information without your permission unless:
We are legally entitled to do so (for example, pursuant to a court order or for the purposes of prevention of crime or fraud). You will be treated as having given your permission for disclosures referred to in this policy.
We are in negotiations with a third party for the sale or purchase of any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
We, or substantially all of our assets, are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.
To enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, safety, customers, or others.
Cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including – when available – your IP address, operating system, and browser type, for system administration and to report information to our branded partners.
We may store some information on your computer when you visit the website. This information facilitates your use of the website, and ensures that you do not need to re-enter your details on each visit. The information may be stored in a cookie, which is required for the shopping basket and other e-commerce facilities to function. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, which allows you to choose whether or not to accept it. However, switching off cookies may result in the website having dramatically reduced functionality, including, but not limited to, being able to shop on the site. We do not have any control over cookies that our advertisers or branded partners may use on the website.
Mobile application
With your permission (on download or in the app), we may access the content (your username and photos) you provided while using our mobile applications. We may also edit stored photos, apply effects to them, and use them for printing. However, we will show your photos or your edited photos solely to you until you send them for printing – then the photos will be kept in the archive of the event owner. Please note that the owner of the event has his own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any photos to the event.
How we process your data
Personal data is processed for the implementation of contracts, invoicing, payments, marketing of our own products or services, and concluding contracts. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Personal data will be processed (and stored) during the periods specified in legal regulations (e.g. Tax Ordinance Act, Accounting Act) or until the expiration of the contract. Your personal data will not be transmitted to third countries. Providing your personal data is voluntary unless otherwise specified. The legal basis for processing personal data is Art. 6, paragraph 1, subparagraphs a-c and f of the GDPR.
Personal data is shared with entities cooperating with the Administrator, entities authorized by law, and for the purpose of performing the contract. Data will be processed in an automated form and it includes profiling.
For matters related to personal data protection, you can contact us at the address mentioned above or write to
gdpr@pixel-tech.eu
Security
The technology we use and the policies we have implemented are intended to safeguard your privacy from unauthorized access and improper use. We will continue to update these measures as new technology becomes available.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes, or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can also exercise this right at any time by
contacting us
.
You have the right to:
Access your personal data, correct it, delete it, or restrict the scope of its processing.
Export data.
Make a complaint to the supervisory authority.
Make a written and reasoned demand for ceasing the data processing because of your specific situation.
Raise an objection to processing your data when the Administrator of your data intends to process it for other purposes or pass your personal data to other administrators.
Receive detailed information about:
The occurrence of your data in the Administrator’s data set and the address of its base.
The purpose, scope, and method of processing data in such a data set.
The state from when your data is processed in the data set.
Sharing your data, especially information about the recipient or the categories of recipients with whom your data is shared.
Links
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies, and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Contact us
If you would like to contact us, click
here
.