Privacy
Policy
Ministone
Games
LLC.(
“
Ministone
”
) is committed to provide
enjoyable and fun games and applications (Services) across the wide variety of
devices, such as smartphones, tablets, personal computers and videogame
consoles.
Ministone
games are not targeted to users
under the age 13. For those users that use our games and services, however, we
take personal data protection very seriously.
Ministone
follows the generally accepted industry personal information protection
standards. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of
electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while our goal is to use
commercially acceptable ways to protect your personal information, we cannot
guarantee it is absolutely secure. Please keep it in mind before submitting any
information about yourself. Please note that information that you voluntarily
make public in your user profile, or which you disclose by posting comments
will be publicly available and viewable by others. We do not hold any liability
for any information that you voluntarily choose to be public through such
and/or other explicit actions.
By using the
Services
you agree to observe and be bound by this Privacy Policy and you consent to the
processing, collection, use and disclosure of your information and data in
accordance with its terms. Please do not use the Services if you do not agree
to this Privacy Policy.
When you use our Services, we
collect the following information: information about your device (including
device model, OS version and operator
’
s name), time
and date of the connection to the game and/or service, IP or MAC address,
International Mobile Equipment ID (IMEI), Android ID, device MAC address,
cookie information. We also from time-to-time use services provided by third
party companies that might collect information from you, and you can opt-out
from this. Follow the directions provided by our other third party analytics
provider located at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
,
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
,
https://vungle.com/privacy/
,
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy
,
https://aws.amazon.com/en/privacy/
,
https://www.talkingdata.com/privacy.jsp
.
If you
“
opt out
”
with our third party analytics
providers, that action is specific to the information we collect specifically
for that provider, and does not limit our ability to collect information from
you, under the terms of this privacy policy, for other third parties.
Generally, the Service
automatically collects usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of
visitors to our Service and how they use the various components of the Service.
CMC (Computer-mediated communication) only uses this data in aggregate form,
that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you
personally.  This type of aggregate data enables us to figure out how
users actually use parts of the Service so that we can make them appealing to
as many users as possible, and improve those Services.  As part of this
use of information, we may provide aggregate information to our partners about
how our customers, collectively, use our Services.  We may share this type
of statistical data so that our partners also understand how people use the
Services, so that they, too, may provide you with an optimal user experience.
Again, CMC never discloses information to a partner in a manner that would
identify you personally.
Your information with limited
access rights (including personal information) can only be accessed by our
authorized employees or consultants or the concerned group entities, third
party service providers, that need to have access to this data in order to be
able to fulfill their given duties. However, we shall take appropriate
organizational and technical measures to protect your personal data. We reserve
the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by
any law and also when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our
rights and/or to comply with judicial proceedings, court orders, or legal
process.
Subject to
limitations in applicable law, you are entitled to object to or request the
restriction of processing of your Personal Data, and to request access to,
rectification, erasure and portability of your own Personal Data. Where the use
of your information is based on consent, you can withdraw this consent at any
time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its
withdrawal. If you are aware of changes or inaccuracies in your information,
you should inform us of such changes so that our records may be updated or
corrected. We retain your Personal Data as long as needed to provide services
or products to you, or as required or permitted by applicable laws, such as tax
and accounting laws.
User Data Deletion Process: If you wish to delete user data and are not logged into the game, uninstalling the app will remove all game progress and user data. If you are logged in with a Facebook, Apple account or any other third-party account, you can click "Logout" in the game settings. In the confirmation dialog that appears, check the option "Permanently delete data from the server as well." This will delete all game progress and related user data stored both locally on your device and on the server.
You agree that
Ministone
may change this Privacy Policy at any time. Our current Privacy Policy will be
posted here:
http://www.ministonegames.com/en/privacy
.
Our contact email for questions is:
support@ministonegames.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 2
https://vungle.com/privacy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
Vungle
privacy
Last Updated:
December 17, 2019
Vungle, Inc. and its group companies (“
Vungle
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) respect your privacy. This privacy notice (“Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice covers personal information we collect:
when providing the Vungle Ad Services (see
Section 2
); and
when you visit one of our Websites, and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see
Section 3
).
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Notice which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
(applicable to everyone)
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
(applicable to End Users)
2.1 What information do we collect?
2.2 How do we use your information?
2.3 How does Vungle use its technology to collect information?
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients
2.7 Minors and Children
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
(applicable to End Users and visitors to our Websites)
3.1 What information do we collect?
3.2 How do we use your information?
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
(applicable to everyone).
4.1 How do we share your information?
4.2 Your data protection rights
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
4.7 Data Retention
4.8 International Data Transfers
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
4.10 Questions or complaints.
4.11 Changes to this Notice
4.12 Contact Us
We participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to cover data we process from the European Union (“EU”). For further information, please review our EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Notice
1. WHO WE ARE
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform (“
Platform
”) for Clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Our “
Clients
” include “
Advertisers
” that wish to distribute ad content through the Vungle Platform, and “
Publishers
” of applications that want to display relevant ads to end users (“
End Users
“) of third party applications (“
apps
“) that use our SDKs, APIs, hosted video advertising platform and/or any of our related advertising tools (collectively, the “
Vungle Ad Services
“).
Advertising revenue helps keep many games and apps free, and Vungle works hard to ensure that our ads are interesting, relevant, and safe for End Users.
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
This Section describes how Vungle collects and uses information we receive from End Users (“
you
“) of apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
2.1 What information do we collect?
When you use an app supported by Vungle technology (see Section 2.3,
below
, our services can collect certain information about your mobile device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal information” or “personal data” as defined under law in some jurisdictions (including in California and the EU, respectively) (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “
personal information
”). We collect this information the first time Vungle’s SDK is initialized on a Publisher Client’s app. Note, however, that Vungle’s Ad Services do not collect any information that that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
LEARN MORE
The information we collect includes:
Information about your device
, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android, etc.), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client’s app currently active on your device (but not any other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer or Publisher Client’s app).
Information about your behavior on our Publisher Client’s app
, such as information about the activities or actions on those apps, and session start/stop time. Historic versions of Vungle technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude co-ordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client’s app has enabled location services on your device and (ii) you have granted the Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this Notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, the number of times you have seen the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We may also combine and/or enhance the information we collect about your device, including the personal information, with information we may collect about your interactions with other ads served through Vungle’s Platform that you may view on other Publisher Client’s Apps, or with information collected from our Clients and third parties (such as data providers). This may include, for example, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on an app to help make the ads served to you more relevant while limiting your exposure to less relevant ads. We (or our third party partners) may also use this additional information to undertake “user matching,” which means that in addition to the ID an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of unique IDs our external partners or Clients have assigned to an End User.
2.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information, including the personal information, we collect (sometimes in combination with information provided and sourced by independent validation partners) for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
Serving Ads:
To allow Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions:
: To allow Vungle to confirm with Advertisers information about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services rendered.
Frequency Capping:
Preventing End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
Customizing Ads:
To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analytics and Optimization:
To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing end user “whitelists” or “blacklists” (to ensure, in some cases, that certain ads are being viewed by appropriate audiences), as well as click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installs of apps that have been advertised.
Fraud Detection and Prevention:
Identifying invalid clicks, installs, or ad queries, and protecting us and our Clients from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Improving the Vungle Ad Services:
Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
2.3
How does Vungle use its technology to collect information
?
We use our technology (in some jurisdictions, such as the EU, these may be referred to as “tracking technologies”) to collect information automatically from your device to perform many of the functions described in “
How do we use your information?
” above. To opt out of our use of such technologies, please follow the instructions for opting out in the apps, as described in “
Opt-Out Choices
” below.
LEARN MORE
The standard tracking technologies we use include:
Mobile “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” (including our own SDKs):
These are blocks of code that are embedded into an app allowing Vungle to collect certain information (as described in “
2.1 What information do we collect?
” above relating to your use of apps using our technology. The embedded code from Vungle’s SDK allows the app to “speak” with Vungle’s Platform for purposes of delivering ads.
Mobile device identifiers:
We also use standard device identifiers, for example the IDFA advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices and the GAID advertising identifier used on Android devices, to monitor and improve the performance of the ads we show you.
Third-Party Ad Measurement URLs/Links:
Additionally, in providing the Vungle Ad Services to our Advertiser Clients, the Vungle ads may include URLs or links from the Advertiser Client’s chosen third-party measurement partner to collect information about your interaction with those ads. The information collected is used for ad delivery, reporting, and billing purposes and may also be used for performance optimization.
“Tags and Pixels”:
These are blocks of code that we and our Clients may use to monitor your interaction with apps using our technology. We may use these to synchronize information that we have collected with information independently collected by our Clients and other third party advertising platforms and advertisers that are interested in providing you with ads.
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices.
You can opt out of having your information being used by Vungle for performance-based advertising by accessing your mobile device settings and following the most recent published instructions. If you limit ad tracking, you will still see advertisements (even ones sourced from Vungle’s network), but Vungle will no longer be able to use the personal information described above in
Section 2.1
to serve you with more relevant ads. In addition, the advertising identifier (along with any information collected about that identifier) that was previously assigned to you will also be disassociated. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt back in, we will not be able to use any of your past information for advertising purposes, and you will (for all practical purposes) be a new user to our system. For apps using older versions of the Vungle SDK, you may also stop the collection of location information by particular apps that may allow collection of location of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1,
below
for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients.
Vungle is not responsible for the information practices of our Clients or their agents. We require our Clients to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide End Users with notice of the collection of data for advertising purposes as outlined in this Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of apps you visit for information about those apps’ data collection and use practices.
2.7 Minors and Children.
Our Clients are responsible for ensuring that their mobile apps comply with data privacy protection legislation applicable to minors and children, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“), including where relevant by obtaining parental consent prior to the collection of personal information. With respect to COPPA specifically, we rely upon our Publisher Clients to confirm whether or not their app is subject to COPPA. As required by COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in our system when a Client indicates their app is subject to COPPA such that the End User’s device history is disassociated, and the only End User personal information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers) to provide “support for internal operations” of the Vungle Ad Services (as permitted by COPPA).
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
This Section describes how we collect and use Information in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
“http://vungle.com”
or any other website on which this Notice is posted) and other corporate services, web portals, and dashboards we make available to our Clients and End Users (collectively “
Websites
“), as well as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. This section does not apply to information collection through apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
3.1 What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, when Clients are registering for a Vungle account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Vungle or our products and services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, Vungle collects required personal information from you. The personal information that you are asked to provide (and the reasons why you are asked to provide it) will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis, and the consequences (if any) of not providing the information. We also collect personal information you otherwise submit to us, such as when you send Vungle an email.
LEARN MORE
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Information we collect automatically:
When using our Websites, we may automatically collect certain information from your device or computer. In some countries, including countries in the EU, this information may be considered personal information under data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection, and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
.”
Information we collect from third party sources:
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we could receive from other sources include account information, page-views, and browsing information.
3.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect or receive to:
Send you marketing and promotional communications.
For example, we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the “
Your Choices
” section above).
Send administrative information to you.
For example, to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Engage in and process transactions.
For example, we may use your personal information along with financial, credit card, and/or payment information that you provide to us to process your transactions and for billing purposes. Note that Vungle uses third-party vendors to collect and/or process any financial or payment information, and does not itself collect, receive, or process financial or payment information on its own.
Respond to your requests.
For example, we may use your personal information to fulfill your request for a quote or customer support, or to provide you with information you have requested about the Websites or Vungle Ad Services.
Post testimonials.
We post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain our consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@vungle.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Manage your account and provide support or other services.
For example, for the creation or administration of your Vungle account, to communicate with you, and to provide you with customer support or other services you have ordered, such as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Select content and improve quality.
We may use your information to help improve the Website, Vungle Ad Services, and to ensure that content on the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for your device (for example, by presenting products and offers tailored to you).
Protect the Vungle Websites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the Websites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For our business purposes.
We may use your information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technology (collectively “
cookies
”) on our Websites to collect and process personal information about you. At any time, you may use your browser settings to change your cookie preferences or control use of cookies.  By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.  We also use Google Analytics to learn more about usage of our Websites. You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
here
.
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1
, below for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 How do we share your information?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Advertiser Clients.
If you are an End User, we may exchange information with our Advertiser Clients in connection with the Vungle Ad Services for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention, and to help them identify and/or buy our Publisher Client’s advertising inventory. Our Advertiser Clients are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Attribution Partners and Mobile Measurement Partners.
Acting on behalf of and as third-party agents for our Advertiser Clients, if you are an End User, we may exchange information (such as your mobile device ID) with our Advertiser Clients’ attribution and mobile measurement partners to validate and measure the success of ads delivered via the Platform for billing purposes.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers.
We may share your information with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions required for the operation of our business. Examples include to provide data storage and processing services, fraud prevention, technical support for our Platform, analyzing data and performing analysis related to the Website, Platform and related services, and delivering content.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Vungle may be involved.
Vungle affiliates.
Vungle is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, but we have subsidiary and affiliate offices in London, UK; Berlin, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beijing, China; and Singapore, Singapore. A list of our group companies is available here
https://vungle.com/contact-us
. We may share information with our parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates for use and processing purposes described in this Notice.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Notice.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4.2 Your data protection rights.
Promotional Emails:
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing unsubscribe@vungle.com. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Other Rights (applicable to California and EEA residents only):
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), legislation in your jurisdiction – such as the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), respectively – affords you certain specific data protection rights, as noted below. If you make a request, to protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity and requests before granting the rights set forth in this Notice.
CCPA rights (California residents)
You can request
access to or ask that we delete
your personal information at any time. Please note that, under certain circumstances, we have the right to impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
Vungle does not “sell” personal information
within the meaning of the CCPA. Nevertheless, Vungle will honor any “opt-out of sale” requests we may receive from our Clients, and accordingly take reasonable measures to prevent any further downstream sales. Vungle does share personal information as described in this Notice.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your CCPA rights, please (i) email us at
CCPA@vungle.com
, or (ii) visit our website and complete the webform to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GDPR rights (EEA residents)
You can request
access to or that we change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us at
privacy@vungle.com
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
privacy@vungle.com
.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) are available
here
.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
California law requires us to provide California residents with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). Throughout this Notice, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from you or your device and discuss how we use and share such information.
As described in detail in
Section 2.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through the Vungle Ad Services: device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with your device.
As described in detail in
Section 3.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through your use of the Websites: identifiers (such as name and contact information); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information through our payment processors); device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers; commercial information; financial data (via our payment processors); device identifiers; internet or other network or device activity; geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
As described in detail in
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.3
above, we use and disclose the information we collect for the business purposes described in this Notice, including: to provide and improve the Vungle Ad Services and the Websites, for our operational purposes, for the operational purposes of our service providers, for audit purposes, to detect security incidents and prevent fraud, for debugging and repairing errors, to communicate with you, to provide customer service, to market Vungle services, and for other uses that we notify you about.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients described in detail in
Section 4.1
, above.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interest to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the sections headed “How do we use your information?” above (
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.2
.
In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided under the heading “
Contact Us
” below.
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps.
This Notice only applies to the Vungle Websites and Vungle Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that use or access the Vungle Services or Vungle Ad Services. In addition, ads within the Vungle Platform may contain links to third-party websites and apps. Any access to and use of such linked websites or apps is not governed by this Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. Specific measures we will use include hashing and pseudonymization of data prior to storage. However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
4.7 Data Retention.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such data or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you are an End User, we typically store the personal information we collect about you, such as your IP address and other information described above, for 13 months from the date of last collection before we delete, overwrite, or anonymize that data, unless we are required to keep it to comply with a legal or audit obligation.
Please contact us at privacy@vungle.com if you have any questions about the information we collect and/or how we use the information we collect.
4.8 International Data Transfers.
The Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by Vungle in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the United States and other locations including London, Berlin, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing and Singapore, where we have offices. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. .
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice.
Vungle, Inc. is located in the United States and participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries in the United States.
Vungle adheres to and will abide by the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability when processing such personal information.
Vungle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov
. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
4.10 Questions or complaints.
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at
privacy@vungle.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.
JAMS (EEA residents only)
If you are an EEA resident and you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS, free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
.
Binding arbitration (EEA residents only)
You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield
.
4.11 Changes to this Notice.
Vungle will review and update this Notice periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Notice frequently to be informed of how Vungle is protecting your information.
4.12 Contact Us.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact Vungle’s Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@vungle.com
or by post using the details provided below:
Residents outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Vungle, Inc.
Attn: Legal
1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, United States
European Economic Area (EEA) residents
Vungle Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4th Floor, Farringdon Point, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1M 3JF
Important note:
If you are resident in the EEA, the “data controller” of your personal information is Vungle, Inc.
This site uses cookies.
Read more
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Creative Labs
Creative Team
Creative Tech
Vungle SDK
Liftoff
GameRefinery
JetFuel
The Plug
TreSensa
Blog
Success Stories
News and Events
Resources
Partners
Careers
Support
About Us
Contact Us
An error has occurred, please try again later.
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences
Sub-policy 3
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 4
https://aws.amazon.com/en/privacy/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 21, 2025
To see prior version, click
here
.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information in relation to AWS websites, applications, products, services, events, and experiences that reference this Privacy Notice (together, “AWS Offerings”).
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the “content” processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using AWS Offerings in connection with an AWS account. See the agreement governing your access to your AWS account and the
AWS Data Privacy FAQ
for more information about how we handle content and how our customers can control their content through AWS Offerings. This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any products, services, websites, or content that are offered by third parties or have their own privacy notice.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies
How We Share Personal Information
Location of Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Access and Choice
Children’s Personal Information
Third Party Sites and Services
Retention of Personal Information
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Examples of Information Collected
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in the course of providing AWS Offerings to you.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We collect any information you provide in relation to AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information you give us.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect automatically.
Information from Other Sources:
We might collect information about you from other sources, including service providers, partners, and publicly available sources. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect from other sources.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, and improve AWS Offerings. Our purposes for using personal information include:
Provide AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to provide and deliver AWS Offerings and process transactions related to AWS Offerings, including registrations, subscriptions, purchases, and payments.
Measure, Support, and Improve AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to measure use of, analyze performance of, fix errors in, provide support for, improve, and develop AWS Offerings.
Recommendations and Personalization:
We use your personal information to recommend AWS Offerings that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with AWS Offerings.
Comply with Legal Obligations:
In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information. For example, we collect bank account information from AWS Marketplace sellers for identity verification.
Communicate with You:
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to AWS Offerings via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat) and to respond to your requests.
Marketing:
We use your personal information to market and promote AWS Offerings.
Fraud and Abuse Prevention and Credit Risks:
We use your personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, AWS, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for Which We Seek Your Consent:
We may also ask for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you.
Cookies
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide, market, and improve AWS Offerings, we and approved third parties use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
How We Share Personal Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and the affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions Involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, software, and content provided by third parties for use on or through AWS Offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party. For example, you can order services, software, and content from sellers using the AWS Marketplace and we provide those sellers information to facilitate your subscription, purchases, or support.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: delivering AWS hardware, sending communications, processing payments, assessing credit and compliance risks, analyzing data, providing marketing and sales assistance (including advertising and event management), conducting customer relationship management, and providing training. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection law.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or services. In such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the individual consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that AWS or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Us and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or security of AWS, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction.
At Your Option:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Location of Personal Information
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is located in the United States, and our affiliated companies are located throughout the world. Depending on the scope of your interactions with AWS Offerings, your personal information may be stored in or accessed from multiple countries, including the United States. Whenever we transfer personal information to other jurisdictions, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
How We Secure Information
At AWS, security is our highest priority. We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of compliance programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more about our compliance programs.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from AWS websites, applications, products, or services by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Access and Choice
You can view, update, and delete certain information about your account and your interactions with AWS Offerings. Click
here
for a list of examples of information that you can access. If you cannot access or update your information yourself, you can always contact us for assistance.
You have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. Many AWS Offerings include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain AWS Offerings.
Account Information:
If you want to add, update, or delete information related to your account, please go to the
AWS Management Console
. When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Communications:
If you do not want to receive promotional messages from us, please unsubscribe or adjust your communication preferences in the
AWS Management Console
or the
AWS Email Preference Center
. If you do not want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or your device.
Cookies Preferences:
You can change your cookie preferences on AWS sites at any time by clicking Cookie Preferences in the footer of the AWS site. You can also manage cookies through your browser settings.
The "Help" feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Sellers and Amazon Partners:
Sellers and Amazon Partner Network members can add, update, or delete information in the
AWS Marketplace
and
APN Partner Central
, respectively.
Children’s Personal Information
We don’t provide AWS Offerings for purchase by children. If you’re under 18, you may use AWS Offerings only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Third Party Sites and Services
AWS Offerings may embed content provided by others or include links to other websites and applications. These companies may collect information about you when you interact with their content or services. We are not responsible for the practices of these companies. Please consult their privacy policies to learn about their data practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any concerns about privacy at AWS, please
contact us
with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services, Inc., our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, ATTN: AWS Legal
Contact details for specific jurisdictions including the European Economic Area, the UK and Switzerland, can be found in “Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions” below.
If you interact with AWS Offerings on behalf of or through your organization, then your personal information may also be subject to your organization’s privacy practices, and you should direct privacy inquiries to your organization.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice may also change. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. You can see the date on which the latest version of this Privacy Notice was posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without informing affected customers and giving them a choice.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon Web Services, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
We provide additional information about our controllers and data protection officers (as applicable), the privacy, collection, and use of personal information of prospective and current customers of AWS Offerings located in certain jurisdictions.
Brazil
Controller of Personal Information
. When Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda., A. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2.041, Torre E - 18th and 19th Floors, Vila Nova Conceicao, Sao Paulo, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering. The data protection officer for Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. can be contacted at aws-brazil-privacy@amazon.com.
Processing
. We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. When we transfer your personal information outside Brazil, we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
Canada
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements; and
lodge a complaint with us regarding our practices related to your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or by mail at 120 Bremner Blvd, 26th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0A8, Canada, ATTN: AWS Canada Legal. Further, the Amazon Web Services Canada, Inc. Privacy Officer can be contacted at
aws-canada-privacy@amazon.com
or by mail at the address noted above.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Costa Rica
Your Rights
. With respect to data collected and processed by Amazon Web Services Costa Rica (“AWS Costa Rica”), you have the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, or complaint. When you consent to AWS Costa Rica processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and AWS Costa Rica will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us at Zona Franca America, Edificio C7. 600 norte de Plaza Real Cariari, sobre la paralela a la Autopista General Cañas. San Francisco de Heredia, Costa Rica.
European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland
Controller of Personal Information.
When Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is also the authorized representative of Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the EEA.
Processing.
We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Closed.
If you decide to terminate your agreement and close your AWS account, we will retain your content for a period of up to 90 days after account closure, during which you may still access part of the AWS Management Console in order to retrieve your billing documents and to contact customer support. During this period, you may also decide to reopen your AWS account. At the end of this period, we will delete any content remaining in your account.
After account closure, we may need to keep certain information for an additional period of time for legal and legitimate business purposes. For example, we may retain personal information such as your contact information (e.g., name, email address, physical address) and any invoices that AWS has sent to you (e.g., record of purchases, applicable discounts, and tax information) for tax and accounting purposes. If applicable, AWS may also retain records of communications with you, as well as relevant logs (e.g., a log of your account closure) for dispute resolution purposes. We further may keep records for preventing fraud and ensuring security, for example in case of misuse of our services or violation of our terms.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means.
Questions and Contacts.
If you wish to do any of these things or have a data-protection related question, and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
The data protection officer for Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL can be contacted at aws-EU-privacy@amazon.com.
You can also lodge a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, or with a local authority.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Cookies.
Please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
Transfers outside of the EEA.
When we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
India
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services India Private Limited (formerly known as Amazon Internet Services Private Limited), our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services India Private Limited, Block E, 14th Floor, Unit Nos. 1401 to 1421, International Trade Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi, Delhi 110019, India, ATTN: AWS India Legal.
Japan
Controller of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN.
Any personal information collected by Amazon Web Services, Inc. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Use of Personal Information
We jointly use your personal information for such purposes as described in this Privacy Notice with domestic and foreign affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls, including Amazon Web Services, Inc., Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, and other global entities that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Jointly used personal information includes personal information described under “Personal Information We Collect” and “Example of Information Collected” above. Amazon Web Services, Inc. is the business operator primarily responsible for managing jointly used personal information.
We share personal information with third parties only to the extent described under “How We Share Personal Information” above and in accordance with the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
When we share your personal information with third parties outside of Japan, such as sellers of products on AWS Marketplace and sponsors of AWS events, we require the recipients to adopt personal information security measures to protect your personal information.
Please see
here
for information on the countries where third parties may be located, and the applicable data privacy laws and data protection systems in these countries.
Your Rights
You may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to submit a data subject access request, please
contact us
(for AWS customers) or contact us at our mailing address, Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN, ATTN: AWS Japan Legal (for current or prospective customers of Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. and non-customers in Japan).
Malaysia
A Bahasa Malaysia translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Nigeria
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Nigeria Limited, located at 3-5 Sinari Daranijo Street, Off Ajose Adeogun, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria (“AWS Nigeria”), AWS Nigeria is the data controller.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Nigeria customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
You can also file a complaint with Nigeria’s National Information Technology Development Agency through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Peru
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Peru S.R.L., located at Av. Jorge Basadre 349 San Isidro, Lima (“AWS Peru”), AWS Peru is the data controller and the personal data bank holder of the following data banks: customers, prospective customers, and vendors.
Personal Information.
Depending on how you engage with AWS Peru, we may process one or more of the following kinds of personal information: name, identity card number, Tax ID, contact information (such as address, telephone, email address), profession, banking and credit card details, and physical or electronic signature. For more information about the personal information that we collect, click
here
.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
exercise any other rights afforded by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Peru customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint before the Peruvian National Data Protection Authority through its official channels.
Data Processors and Transfers to Third Parties.
We may share your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations, including to Amazon Web Services Inc., located at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America, for the purposes of providing services and engaging in marketing, business development, and sales efforts with respect to cloud services that Amazon Web Services, Inc. sells globally; and enabling the provision of data hosting, storage, and processing by Amazon Web Services, Inc. as AWS Peru’s data processor.
Philippines
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Philippines, Inc. (“AWS Philippines”), you may contact the Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and Data Compliance Officer for Privacy (“COP”)
here
if you are an AWS Philippines customer. If you are not an AWS customer, you may contact the DPO and COP at 21st floor Arthaland Century Pacific Tower, 5th Avenue 1634 Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, Philippines.
South Africa
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services South Africa Proprietary Limited, located at 29 Gogosoa Street, Observatory, Cape Town, South Africa, 7925 (“AWS South Africa”), AWS South Africa is the responsible party.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
object, at any time to the processing of your personal information for purposes of direct marketing other than direct marketing by means of unsolicited electronic communications from AWS which is prohibited unless you give consent to receive such direct marketing;
object, at any time (at which point we will cease processing of your personal information), to the processing of your personal information if you feel the processing of that personal information is not necessary for protection of your legitimate interest/s; proper performance of a public law duty by a public body; or pursuance of the legitimate interests of AWS or of a third party to whom the information is supplied; and
to submit a complaint to the Information Regulator of South Africa regarding interference with the protection of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS South Africa customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
The Information Regulator Contact Details. The Information Regulator of South Africa is located at: JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001. P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017. You may direct general enquiries by email to:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
. You may direct complaints by email to:
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
.
South Korea
AWS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
How We Share Personal Information
AWS may share personal information as described in this Privacy Notice, including with affiliates of Amazon Web Services, Inc.
AWS has contracts in place with the following third party service provider(s) (delegatees) to perform functions on behalf of AWS in Korea, and they may have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions described below:
The details of delegation for event management can be found on the relevant event page.
AWS may share your personal information with the following third party service provider(s) outside of Korea as described below:
If you do not agree with the above-stated overseas transfers, please stop using AWS Services and close your AWS Account.
Deletion of Personal Information
AWS will delete your personal information (including after closure of your AWS account) as described in this Privacy Notice. When deleting personal information, AWS will take standard commercially reasonable measures to make the personal information practically irrecoverable or irreproducible. The specific manner of deletion will depend on the information being deleted, how the information was collected and stored, and your interactions with us. Electronic documents or files containing personal information will be deleted using a technical method that makes recovery or retrieval of such information practically impossible or renders the data no longer personally identifiable. Non-electronic documents or files containing personal information will be shredded, incinerated, or both.
Retention of Personal Information
AWS Korea keeps your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes as may be required by the Framework Act on National Taxes of Republic of Korea or other laws), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any privacy questions or requests please contact:
AWS Korea Privacy
Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
Korean translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Turkey
Controller of Personal Information.
When AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi is the provider of an AWS Offering, AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi, located at Esentepe Mahallesi Bahar Sk. Özdilek/River Plaza/Wyndham Grand Hotel Apt. No: 13/52 Şişli/İstanbul, Turkey, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
United States
These additional disclosures are required by certain state privacy laws to the extent they apply to your use of AWS Offerings, and serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Categories of personal information collected
. The personal information that we may collect, or may have collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months, fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, or IP address, your AWS account log-in information, or a government-issued identifier (such as a state-issued ID number, which may be required to verify your identity when completing certain AWS certification courses, or an ID you provide for identity verification, which in some cases may reflect citizenship or immigration status);
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information;
characteristics of protected classifications under California or US federal law, such as age, race, or gender or gender identity, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis;
commercial information, such as purchase activity;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details;
information used to prevent and detect fraud or other unauthorized activity, including informing customers if such activity were to affect them;
biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service;
geolocation data, which may in some cases constitute precise geolocation information, such as the location of your device or computer, for example if you enable location services to enhance your experience through event applications we offer;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, including when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise;
professional or employment-related information, for example data you may provide about your business;
inference data, such as information about your preferences; and
education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received.
We collect this information from you, automatically through your interaction with the AWS Offerings, or from third parties. For more information about the personal information we collect, click
here
. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose
. The personal information that we may have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, or phone numbers, for example if we use a third-party carrier to deliver AWS hardware, or government identifier or certain types of ID you provide for identity verification, which may in some cases reflect your citizenship or immigration status, for example if we use a third-party service to verify your identity;
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information, for example if we use a third-party payment processor;
information that may reveal your age, gender or gender identity, race, or other protected classifications under California or US federal law, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis using a third-party service provider;
commercial information, such as the details of a product or service you purchased if a third-party service provider assists in providing that product or service to you;
internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a third-party service provider to help us gather reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services;
information relating to our prevention and detection of unauthorized activity, such as attempted fraud;
biometric information, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of certain AWS services facilitated by a third-party service provider;
geolocation data, which may constitute precise geolocation data, for example if we enable transportation services from a third party in connection with an AWS event;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, for example if a third-party service provider reviews recordings of customer support phone calls for quality assurance purposes;
professional or employment-related information, for example if we provide information to a third-party service provider for verification or registration as part of the AWS Offerings;
education information, for example if we facilitate employment or internship recruitment activities for participants in the AWS Educate program; and
inference data, for example if we use a third-party service provider to store information about your preferences.
For more information about the personal information we may disclose for a business purpose, click
here
.
Your Data Rights
. You may have certain data rights under state privacy laws, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by us, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, or you are an authorized agent under applicable state law, please contact us
here
or at the address under
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
above. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
To ensure the security of your AWS account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a consumer pursuant to applicable state law, we may ask you to provide information verifying you have proper authority to make the request on behalf of the consumer or we may ask the consumer to verify their identity with us directly.
No sale or sharing of personal information
. We do not sell or share any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act.
De-identified Data Disclosure.
AWS may use de-identified data in some instances. AWS either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure
. The categories of data that we collect and disclose for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.
California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure
. To enable your continued use of AWS Services, we keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this AWS Privacy Notice, as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you.
California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement
. We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Colorado Privacy Act and Oregon Privacy Act Profiling Disclosure
. We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act or the Oregon Privacy Act.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide information to us when you:
search for, subscribe to, or purchase AWS Offerings;
create or administer your AWS account (and you might have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when using AWS Offerings);
configure your settings for, provide data access permissions for, or otherwise interact with AWS Offerings;
register for or attend an AWS event;
purchase or use content, products, or services from third-party providers through the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
offer your content, products, or services on or through AWS Offerings or the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or other information request forms;
post on AWS websites or participate in community features; and
employ notification services.
Depending on your use of AWS Offerings, you might supply us with such information as:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
payment information, including credit card and bank account information;
information about your location;
information about your organization and your contacts, such as colleagues or people within your organization;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
content of feedback, testimonials, inquiries, support tickets, and any phone conversations, chat sessions and emails with or to us;
your image (still, video, and in some cases 3-D), voice, and other identifiers that are personal to you when you attend an AWS event or use certain AWS Offerings;
information regarding identity, including government-issued identification information;
corporate and financial information; and
VAT numbers and other tax identifiers.
Automatic Information
We collect information automatically when you:
visit, interact with, or use AWS Offerings (including when you use your computer or other device to interact with AWS Offerings);
download content from us;
open emails or click on links in emails from us; and
interact or communicate with us (such as when you attend an AWS event or when you request customer support).
Examples of the information we automatically collect include:
network and connection information, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet and information about your Internet service provider;
computer and device information, such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting;
the location of your device or computer;
authentication and security credential information;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads;
AWS Offerings metrics, such as offering usage, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and AWS Offerings, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
email addresses and phone numbers used to contact us; and
identifiers and information contained in cookies (see our
Cookie Notice
).
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
subscription, purchase, support, or other information about your interactions with products and services offered by us, our affiliates (such as AWS training courses), or third parties (such as products offered through the AWS Marketplace) in relation to AWS Offerings;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and
credit history information from credit bureaus.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through AWS Offerings include:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
your subscription, purchase, usage, billing, and payment history;
payment settings, such as payment instrument information and billing preferences;
tax information;
email communication and notification settings; and
if you participate in the AWS Marketplace or Amazon Partner Network (or other similar venues operated or provided by us), your account, your status, subscriptions, and other information.
Customers can access the information above through AWS Offerings, such as the
AWS Management Console
(including the
My Account
,
Billing Dashboard
,
Bills
,
Payment Methods
,
Payment History
,
Preferences
and
Tax Settings
pages), the
AWS Email Preference Center
,
AWS Marketplace
, and
APN Partner Central
.
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Sub-policy 5
https://www.talkingdata.com/privacy.jsp:
Product

Monitor & Analysis
Brand Growth
Prevent fraud and drive growth in brand value.
Ad Tracking
Quantify advertising efficiency to spend more wisely.
App Analytics
Easily integrated and comprehensive analytics for key metrics.
Analytics Enterprise
Enable automated operations in a safe and controlled privately deployed platform.
Growth & Marketing
Smart Marketing Cloud
Massive datasets improve precision advertising and marketing.
TalkingSmart DMP
Multi-party data boosts brand marketing
Data Service
Marketing Rating Service
User value evaluation provides data reference for refined operation
High-potential Customer Group Tapping Service
Deeply analyze user features to help clients tap high-potential customer groups
Financial Risk Control Service
Multiple models to keep the risk of financial fraud at bay
Joint Modeling Service
Cutting-edge algorithm improves the capability of data models
Data Tagging Service
Covering tens of billions of devices to ensure the accuracy of data tags
易认证服务
高效.安全.智能.低成本的手机号码认证服务
Solutions

Product Solutions
Marketing Growth Solutions
Cut the marketing delivery cost, improve the effect, and help enterprises grow
Brand Marketing Solutions
Build a full chain analysis before, during and after launching advertisments to bolster marketing
Fintech Product Solutions
Covering the whole process before, during and after lending to address financial problems
Industry Solutions
Auto Industry Solutions
Layered Insights ï¿½ Accurate Delivery ï¿½ Global Operation
Shoes and Clothing Industry Solutions
Dual Boost of Sales and Marketingï¿½ Personalized Operation ï¿½ Omni-channel Integration
Beauty Industry Solutions
Data Empowerment ï¿½ Safety & Compliance ï¿½ Global Marketing
Data Reports
开发者支持

文档中心
SDK
应用管理
Compliance and Security
About Us

Company
Contact Us
Jobs
Login
Register
TalkingData Privacy Policy
Last updated on: November 30, 2023
Beijing Tendcloud Tianxia Technology Co. Ltd. and its affiliates (hereinafter referred to  as “we/us” or“TalkingData” collectively) pay much attention to the protection of personal  information and privacy. TalkingData understands the importance of personal information and will do its best to  protect your personal information. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us, and we will abide by the  principles of participation, openness, and transparency. When one visits the TalkingData website or signs up for any  TalkingData product or service, we will adopt appropriate protection measures to safeguard your personal information,  in accordance with leading industry standards.
If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions, please  reach out to us using one of the following contact methods:
E-Mail: support@tendcloud.com
Phone:  400-870-1230
Important Notice:
This Privacy Policy only applies to products and services    offered by TalkingData. including but not limited to: the website, SDK, API, Code, tools, product documentation,etc.    It does not apply to products or services offered by third parties through TalkingData or through third-party links    on the TalkingData website. For these cases, we suggest you carefully read the privacy policies of each third    party.
This Privacy Policy is very important for TalkingData's products and services.    Please carefully read it to understand how we collect, use, store, and transfer your information and/or your end    users' information. We strive to explain it in a clear,understandable, and appropriate way so that you can    understand your rights and make your choices accordingly.
Please note that visiting the    TalkingData website or using any of our services means you have read, learned, and agreed to our privacy policy.    This policy is valid throughout the whole process of using our website and its services, so if you do not agree with    this policy you may stop using the TalkingData website immediately and the various services described    below.
Please ensure that you utilize the TalkingData SDK in a legal and compliant    manner, adhering to relevant laws, regulations, national standards, and regulatory requirements. The specific    procedure is as follows:
1.Please upgrade the TalkingData SDK to the latest version,    and you can find the download link here: https://doc.talkingdata.com/posts/catalogue/1075.
2.Please complete the SDK integration according to the "SDK Integration Document". TalkingData SDK performs    preparatory work only during the initialization phase of the application, without collecting any data. You should    ensure that you initiate the analytics capabilities of the TalkingData SDK based on reasonable business scenarios    and in compliance with privacy policies, only after obtaining consent from end-users. For instructions on the latest    version's initialization configuration and analytics capabilities, please refer to the following links:
Android:        https://doc.talkingdata.com/posts/1025
iOS: https://doc.talkingdata.com/posts/1024
Harmony: https://doc.talkingdata.com/posts/1156
This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following:
1. How we collect and use your personal information
2. How we use cookies and similar    technologies
3. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
4. How we protect your    personal information
5. Your rights
6. How we handle children's personal information
7. How your personal    information is stored or transferred internationally
8. Updates to this policy
9. How to contact us
I. How we collect and use your personal information
Personal information refers to information recorded in electronic or other forms that is capable of, either by  itself or in combination with other information, to identify the identity of a specific person or that specific  person's activities.
TalkingData will only collect and use your personal information or that of your end users for the purposes  described in this policy.
Unless specifically stated, this service is only available to users in mainland China (PRC). If you are    located outside the PRC, or if you use TalkingData's products or services for end users outside the PRC, please    comply with the Overseas Personal Information Protection Compliance Commitment as well.
When we use data for    purposes not covered by this policy, we will ask for your consent in advance.
When we use information collected    for a specific purpose in a different way, we will also ask for your consent in advance.
1. Provide you with online information services
When you visit and browse our website, like most  websites, we will:
i.
Use cookies to store conversations/select information from your  computer;
ii.
Automatically collect certain information and store it in log file. This information  includes: Internet protocol(IP) address, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), reference/exit page, OS,  date/time stamp, click-data stream, and so on.
iii.
We use this information to:
--Improve your  website experience and service quality;
--Help us manage website content more efficiently;
--Analyze group  users' on-site activities.
2. Overview of Usage of TalkingData Services
i.
When you register for TalkingData, we will  request your personal information, including your name, company name, e-mail address, password, telephone number,and  QQ number to create a new account When you contact us afterwards and continue to use our services, we may request  additional contact information, including:
--Postal address, telephone number, duty, and position;
--Your company information, such as company name and  business type;
--Your product information, such as mobile application name, content, type, promotion channel,etc.
We may use this information to:
--Send you a registration confirmation;
--Manage your account;
--Respond to clients' service  requirements;
--Learn about your company's requirements and product interests, so as to determine the most  applicable product and service;
--Contact you for marketing and promotion purposes, and provide you with more  information about our products;
--Research and analyze to improve the quality of our website and services.
ii.
You can contact us through the e-mail address listed on our website. You may provide personal  information when you contact us by e-mail, and we will use this information to respond to your questions and service  requirements as well as upgrade our website and services.
3. Details for Usage of TalkingData Services
i.
TalkingData Analysis  Service
TalkingData provides data statistics and analysis services for mobile applications, including but not  limited to App Analysis and Ad Tracking. Your application will collect and transfer users' relevant data through  technical means after installing the TalkingData SDK or API into it, and our service will help analyze this data to  learn more about performance and usage of your application on different devices, platforms, or application  distribution channels.The specific details regarding the handling of relevant data are as follows:
Product Functionality
Types of Data
Specific Data Fields
Processing Purposes
App Analysis
Mandatory
Fundamental personal information
Unique device identifiers (OAID,ODID and Android ID), IP address, IDFV, and IDFA
To generate de-identified unique identifiers for end-users, facilitating fundamental analysis.
Basic data concerning other aspects of applications, devices, and networks
SDK or API version, platform, timestamp, system file creation time, application identifier, application          version, application distribution channel, application process information, application's IDFA authorization          status, sensor information, application's NFC permission status (yes or no), device's NFC capability (yes or          no), device's Bluetooth capability (yes or no), device model, terminal manufacturer, terminal device operating          system version, session start/stop time, language locale, mobile network/country code, time zone, hard disk,          CPU, and battery usage information, network information (connectivity status of WiFi network or mobile          network, connected WiFi BSSID or SSID information)
To conduct coarse-grained multidimensional analysis and provide data reports categorized by region and          application version number.
Optional
Optional personal information
MEID, IMEI, or Mac information
To enhance the precision of end-user identification and identify fraudulent traffic.
Application list
To identify, analyze, and purge fraudulent traffic.
Location information (latitude and longitude, SystemID, NetworkID, and BasestationID)
To generate more precise location distribution reports and identify fraudulent traffic.
Ad Tracking
Mandatory
Fundamental personal information
Unique device identifiers (OAID,ODID and Android ID), IP address, IDFV, and IDFA
To generate de-identified unique identifiers for end-users, facilitating fundamental analysis.
Basic data concerning other aspects of applications, devices, and networks
SDK or API version, platform, timestamp, system file creation time, application identifier, application          version, application distribution channel, application process information, application's IDFA authorization          status, sensor information, application's NFC permission status (yes or no), device's NFC capability (yes or          no), device's Bluetooth capability (yes or no), device model, terminal manufacturer, terminal device operating          system version, session start/stop time, language locale, mobile network/country code, time zone, hard disk,          CPU, and battery usage information, network information (connectivity status of WiFi network or mobile          network, connected WiFi BSSID or SSID information)
To conduct a coarse-grained multidimensional analysis, assess the effectiveness of advertising          placements, identify, analyze, and purge fraudulent traffic.
Optional
Optional personal information
MEID, IMEI, or Mac information
To enhance the precision of user identification and identify fraudulent traffic.
Application list
To identify, analyze, and purge fraudulent traffic.
Location information (latitude and longitude, SystemID, NetworkID, and BasestationID)
To generate more precise location distribution reports and identify fraudulent traffic.
To cater to the multidimensional analytical needs, based on the type of your mobile application and your  requirements for statistical analysis options, your users' device data may also include: user's gender, age, trigger  event, equipment status information（such as sensor data or application list）,error reports, page views,  etc.. If you use our products or services to collect more personal information from your users, you should disclose  such information in your privacy policy and obtain authorization from users in accordance with laws and  regulations.
For the purpose of providing our analysis service as well as protecting the personal information of  users, Above data collected by TalkingData analysis service will form its own user identifier on the end user device  side for de-identification and be sent to TalkingData's servers in encrypted form through your application and display  it in a data and analysis report. You could check relevant statistics and analysis results through logging into your  account on our website.
When performing TalkingData Brand Growth service, TalkingData SDK or/and API do not  collect any impression-level data through the ad that will be used for subsequent ad targeting, TalkingData does not  use hyperlocal geo-targeting (especially with mobile ads via GPS) or browser packet-sniffing, and no activities such  as browser/device fingerprinting tracking impression-level page scraping will be conducted.
Under no  circumstances will we set, or assist or knowingly permit any third party to set a cookie, or alter/delete a cookie  set, on any third Party Owned and Operated domains (especially Google).
ii.
eAuth  Service:
TalkingData's eAuth service can meet a variety of verification and authentication scenarios in the APP,  such as one-click login, mobile phone number verification, SMS verification code, user real-name authentication and  other functions. For privacy guidelines on eAuth service, please refer to the
eAuth Privacy Guidelines
.
iii.
Industry Report  Service:
We will build a TalkingData database based on data collected through our analysis service and through  other legal means. We will make an analysis report about an application's performance evaluation or behavior pattern  (hereinafter referred to as an “industry report”) regarding publisher, industry, specific area, and market  information. Industry reports will be displayed in an unidentifiable convergent way, including those published by  TalkingData itself and those customized in accordance with your requirements.
In special cases, we will also use  TalkingData's statistical models to make assessments of certain applications or types of applications. The results of  these assessments may be derived from the data obtained from your application and are therefore consistent with your  application. However, these assessments are based on the data model we calculated for evaluation purposes and they are  aggregated and anonymous.
iv.
Smart Data Market
We provide a service named Smart Data Market  both for data service providers and demanders to enable online transactions or services of data and its derivatives  (referred to as “data products,” regardless of whether they are in the form of data API, tools, or  application software), which are produced and/or processed by TalkingData itself or authorized by a legitimate right  holder.
We guarantee that the ownership of data products produced and/or processed by us is clear and compliant  with relevant laws and regulations regarding the protection of personal information. Under normal circumstances, data  products used in the Smart Data Market for trading and licensing are de-identified. Under some special circumstances  when personal information may be accessed, it is required that explicit authorization is received from the related  person and that use of such data is limited within a specific range. Meanwhile, we are trying our best to require that  third party data owners guarantee that their data products meet the above requirements.
v.
Consulting
We provide solutions, professional consulting services, and TalkingData University. In the provision  of these services, we may ask that you provide additional personal information to understand your business or product.  Please decide carefully whether you feel comfortable providing this information.
vi.
TalkingData  big data application service
In addition to the specific services above, we will build TalkingData database  based on the data collected by the analysis service and data obtained through other legal channels, and form a  customer group label information database or statistical analysis database by means of big data processing through  aggregation, cleaning, anonymization as well as intelligent calculation. We provide various forms of big data  application services on the basis of our own database for many industry customers, such as:
a) Data Marketing  Service. Through big data capability to boost precision advertising marketing, build target customer group,  comprehensively analyze the characteristics of target customer group, and improve marketing effect;
b) Smart  Location Based Service. Taking full advantage of population-based data and geographic data, combined with classic  models and predictive algorithms, to improve your location-related decision-making such as store location site  selection and foot traffic exploration of potential customers for retail.
c) Other data services. We make full  use of homomorphic encryption, data security island solutions and other technical capabilities to help demanders to  discover the deep value of data from different angles. Through comprehensive analysis of multi-terminal behavior  characteristics of users in private traffic, we provide a variety of data services, and create a comprehensive user  data platform, including but not limited to data model building services, data asset management services, risk  assessment services, etc.
You should be aware that with the development of the big data industry, our big data  service will update and iterate or launch new service. In any case, TalkingData will strictly abide by laws and  regulations as well as national standards in big data industry.
4. 4.Permission related to the collection of personal information
Subject to different system  requirements, you may also be required to obtain relevant permission to collect personal information using the  TalkingData service.
Android:
Name of the Permission
Purpose of Permission
INTERNET
To permit applications to establish online connectivity and transmit data.
ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
To permit applications to check the connectivity status, and suspend data transmission in instances of          network irregularities.
READ_PHONE_STATE
To generate de-identified unique identifiers for end-users.
ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
To generate de-identified unique identifiers for end-users.
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
To store device information, and document logs.
ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION (optional)
To rectify end-user geographic distribution data, enhancing the precision of report data, and identify          fraudulent traffic.
ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION (optional)
To identify fraudulent traffic.
GET_TASKS (optional)
To enhance the precision in evaluating end-user engagement levels.
iOS:
Name of the permission
Purpose of the permission
INTERNET
To permit applications to establish online connectivity and transmit data.
IDFV
To generate de-identified unique identifiers for end-users.
Location (optional)
To rectify end-user geographic distribution data, enhancing the precision of report data, and identify          fraudulent traffic.
WIFI (optional)
To identify fraudulent traffic.
Harmony:
Name of the Permission
Purpose of the Permission
ohos.permission.INTERNET
To permit applications to establish online connectivity and transmit data.
ohos.permission.APP_TRACKING_CONSENT（optional）
To generate de-identified unique identifiers for end-users.
ohos.permission.GET_NETWORK_INFO
To permit applications to check the connectivity status, and suspend data transmission in instances of          network irregularities.
ohos.permission.GET_WIFI_INFO（optional）
To identify fraudulent traffic.
You should understand and confirm that the collection will only take place when applying for authorization  has been approved through the application function page where installing TalkingData Service, and obtaining the  authorized consent of the user. You should also inform your users that if they do not want their information mentioned  above to be collected, they can refuse or withdraw their consent by turning off the appropriate authorizations.
5. Exceptions:
Pursuant to relevant laws and regulations, it is not necessary to    obtain your authorization to collect your personal information in the following cases:
i.
Directly related to national security and national defense    safety;
ii.
Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public    interest;
iii.
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and enforcement of    judgments;
iv.
To protect material legal rights such as the lives and property of individuals or    other individuals but fail to obtain the consent in time;
v.
For the purpose of academic research    and related outcomes, it will be de-identified;
vi.
The information collected is already made    public by yourself;
vii.
The information collected is publicly and legally disclosed, such as    legitimate news reports, government information disclosure or others;
viii.
To fulfill the    contract you have signed;
ix.
To maintain stable operation of the products or services provided by    TalkingData, such as discovering and disposing malfunction of products or services;
x.
Other    circumstances as prescribed by laws and regulations.
6. Authorization and Consent from End Users' Data
You are clearly aware that you need us to  collect,store, and process personal information from users of your application, for the purpose of carrying out our  analysis and providing our statistics. Therefore you must undertake the following:
i.
You have fully obtained necessary authorization, consent, and permission from end users for the  purpose of the performance of our service;
ii.
You have fully obtained necessary  authorization,consent, and permission from end users for us to process the data anonymously we  collected;
iii.
You have complied and will comply with applicable laws, regulations, and  requirements, including but not limited to formulating and publishing policy relevant to protection of personal  information and privacy.
iv.
You should make the disclosure and explanation to the end user,allowing  us to build TalkingData database for the purpose to provide data service on the condition that de-identification and  aggregation processing has been made with respect to such data and information before transfer. You should also  provide end users with easy-to-use selection mechanisms, indicating how and when the user may exercise the option and  how and when the user can modify and withdraw the option, so that the user can choose to agree or disagree with the  collection and use of his/her de-identification information for business purposes.
You shall be liable    for comprehensive settlement and compensation to us for possible loss of any kind if you violate the above    commitment and cause your end user's claim against us in any way, or if you cause us to be involved in any legal or    administrative procedure.
II. How do we use cookies and similar technologies
1. Cookies
In order to keep our website up and running, we store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile  device. Cookies often contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. With cookies, websites can  store data including your preferences or which goods and services you are interested in. The above cookie technology  is limited to the scope of web browser cookies, We do not use Flash Cookie technology for data storage.
We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in this policy. You can manage or delete  cookies according to your preferences. For details, see AboutCookies.org. You can clear all cookies saved on your  computer, and most web browsers have a cookie-blocking feature. However, if you choose to do this, you will need to  personally change your user settings each time you visit our site. In addition to cookies, the email we send you may  include a click URL that links to the content of our website. If you click on this link, we will track your click to  help us understand your product or service preferences and improve customer service. If you do not want your activity  to be tracked this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
2. Do Not Track Feature
Many web browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature that can issue “Do Not Track” requests to  websites. At present,major Internet standards organizations have not yet set up policies to specify how websites  should respond to such requests. If your browser has “Do Not Track” enabled, all of our websites respect  your choice.
III. How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
1. Sharing
We do not share your personal information with any other company, organization, or individual except in the  following cases:
i.
We may share your personal information with other parties after obtaining  your explicit consent;
ii.
We may share your personal information externally in accordance with  laws and regulations, or as required by government authorities;
iii.
Share with our  affiliates:Your personal information may be shared with TalkingData affiliates. We only share the necessary personal  information and are bound by our Privacy Policy. If an affiliate wants to use your personal information in a different  way, we will seek your explicit consent;
Our affiliates include: Suzhou Tendcloud Tianxia TechnologyCo.  Ltd
iv.
Sharing with advertisers, ad networks, or other operators: We will cooperate with such  authorized partners to use processed data from the TalkingData DMP platform for commercial use in various ways,such as  using data to optimize ad delivery and increase marketing effectiveness. We will not use personally identifiable  information (including name, e-mail, or any contact information through which one can contact or identify an  individual) or provide advertising and analysis unless we receive your permission and the end user's permission. We  will provide our partners with information about advertising coverage and effectiveness without providing personally  identifiable information. We may aggregate this information so that it does not identify individuals. For example,  only after advertisers agree to comply with our advertising guidelines may we tell them how effective their ads are,  how many people saw their ads, or how many people installed applications after seeing their ads. We provide partners  with demographic information that is not personally identifiable (e.g."25-year old male in Beijing who likes software  development") to help them understand their audience or customers.
For companies, organizations, and individuals  with whom we share personal information, we will sign strict confidentiality agreements with them and ask them to  process this information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy, and any other relevant  confidentiality and security measures.
2. Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual except in the following  cases:
i.
Transfer with explicit consent: We will transfer your personal information to other  parties only with your explicit consent;
ii.
When it comes to mergers and acquisitions or  bankruptcy, if it requires a transfer of personal information we will require the new company or organization to  either continue following this privacy policy or ask for your consent.
3. Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
i.
After obtaining your explicit consent
ii.
Legal disclosures: We may disclose  your personal information publicly, if we are subject to legal procedures, lawsuits, or mandatory requirements from  government authorities
iii.
In an emergency situation, we will still seek to protect the legal  rights and safety of our company, our agents, our customers, end users, and others
iv.
If we  bring forward lawsuits or arbitration in order to safeguard our legitimate rights or those of our users.
IV. How We Protect Your Personal Information
1. Measures we have taken to ensure data confidentiality:
There is no method of transmission on the Internet or method of electronic storage that is 100% secure. Even  though we have safeguarded personal information to the highest level, it is still possible for there to be  stolen,illegally obtained, or misused data that brings risk to you, your property, and your reputation (or that of  your users). You have understood the above risks and agree to continue.
We will use industry-accepted and reasonable standards to protect the security and confidentiality of the  information we store, including but not limited to: firewall and data backup measures, data center access  restrictions, encryption of mobile device identification information.
We have established a sound data security management system, including hierarchical classification, encryption and  preservation of user information, data access rights, internal data management systems and operational procedures,and  strict process requirements for data acquisition, use, and disposal.
We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that no unnecessary personal information is  collected.We will only keep your personal information for the period required to achieve our purposes, as described in  this policy, unless we need to extend the retention period for reasons required by law.
We have also established a safety and privacy protection training program with the goal of increasing employee  awareness. We will review, update, and disclose TalkingData security risk and impact assessment reports from time to  time.
2. Emergency situations and early warning:
In the unfortunate event that there is a personal information security incident, we will promptly notify you of  the basic situation and possible impact, as well as the emergency response we have undertaken or plan to take, in  accordance with relevant laws and regulations. We will also notify you of any related data disposal measures,remedial  measures, etc. If it is too difficult or impossible to notify individuals one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and  effective method to issue an announcement. We will also take the initiative to report the security incident to the  relevant authorities.
If you discover that any of your personal information is leaking out, please contact us immediately using    the contact information outlined in this privacy policy.
V. Your Rights:
In accordance with China's relevant laws, regulations, and standards, as well as common practices in other  countries and regions, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights with regard to your personal information:
1. Access your personal information:
You can access your personal information by logging into your account and going to the “Account  Management” page,with the exception of any exceptions provided by laws and regulations. We will provide you with  other personal information that arises from your use of our products or services to the best of our ability. If you  want to access your data, please send an email to: [support@tendcloud.com]
2. Correction/Supplementation
When you find that there is any mistake in your personal information that we collect or that there should be an  update to your personal information, you can log into the “Account Management” page and correct or update it  yourself. If there is special information that cannot be processed by yourself, you may contact us through various  methods posted either in this privacy policy or on other TalkingData web pages. To protect your account, we may ask  you to finish verification.
3. Deletion
If you choose to close your account or click “opt-out” on the TalkingData website, it would be deemed  that you choose to withdraw your authorization. We would stop collecting your personal information and delete your  personal information. Please understand that we may not delete your personal information immediately from the backup  system,but we will delete your personal information when the backup is updated. You can request for TalkingData to  delete your personal information in the following cases:
i.
If we use your personal  information ina way that violates laws, regulations, or this agreement
ii.
If we collect and use your  personal information without your consent
iii.
If we deal with personal information in violation of  your agreement
iv.
If you no longer use our products or services, or if you cancel your  account
v.
If we no longer provide you with products or services
If we decide to respond to your request for deletion, we will also, as soon as possible, notify the third party  with which we have shared your information to delete your personal information, unless this party has acquired your  authorization or other contrary legal provisions. If you are unable to access, update, or delete your personal  information, you may contact us through TalkingData Customer Service at any time. We will respond to your request  within 15 working days.
Notwithstanding the above provisions, we may keep certain data for a reasonable period of time within the    limit allowed by law for dispute settlement, users' agreement performance and compliance with technical requirements    related to safe operation.
4. Changing the scope of your authorized consent
Each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed (see Part 1 of this policy). For  the collection and use of additional collected personal information, you may give or withdraw your consent at any  time. When you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. However, your  decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the processing of personal information from your previous  authorization. You can cancel by rejecting commercial advertisements through the “Opt-Out” channel:
http://www.talkingdata.com/optout.jsp?languagetype=zh_cn
5. Cancel the account
You can cancel your previously registered account at any time. You can do it yourself by doing the  following:【support@tendcloud.com】. After cancellation of the account, we will stop providing products or  services for you. We will delete your personal information in accordance with your requirements, unless otherwise  provided by laws and regulations.
6. Obtain a copy of your personal information
You have the right to obtain a copy of your basic personal information, personally identifiable  information,personal health information, and personal education or work information by sending a request to  TalkingData. We can also directly send a copy of your personal information to a designated third party according to  your requirements where technological feasibility allows, such as through data interface matching.
7. Automatic decision-making information system
Based on the personal information that is legally collected, automatic decision-making (such as commercial    information push) is implemented through tagging or profile processing through non-manual automatic decision-making    techniques, such as information systems and algorithms. The above behaviors make your personal information    unidentifiable, and cannot be considered as sharing, transferring, or disclosing any of your personal information to    any third party. If these decisions significantly affect your legal rights, you have the right to ask us for an    explanation and we will provide appropriate remedies to the situation. If you do not wish to participate in this    type of targeted advertising, please cancel through the following Opt-Out channel:
http://www.talkingdata.com/optout.jsp?languagetype=en_us
8. Responding to your request
For security, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in some other way. We may ask you  to verify your identity before processing your request. We will respond within 15 working days. If you are not  satisfied, you can read Part 9 about how to file a complaint.
For your request, we do not charge fees out of principle. However, we will charge a certain amount for requests  that are repeated many times or in excess of reasonable limits. We may reject requests that are duplicative, require  excessive technical assistance (for example, developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices),pose  risks to the rights of others, or are very impractical (for example, involving backup of information stored on tapes).
In the following cases, we will not be able to respond to your request, as required by laws and regulations, if it  relates to the following:
i.
Directly related to national security and national defense  security
ii.
Directly related to public safety, public health, and the public  interest
iii.
Directly related to a criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, or execution of  judgment
iv.
If there is sufficient evidence that you have abused your rights
v.
If  responding to your request may result in serious damage to your rights, those of other individuals, and those of  organizations
vi.
Involving or related to trade secrets
VI. How we handle children's personal information
We have made it clear that we do not accept minors as registered users. We will not knowingly collect and use  children's data.
If your application is designed and developed for children, make sure that you take the necessary    technical measures and precautions to ensure that the end user's registration and use of the application is    performed by the child's guardian. In addition, you must establish a full user agreement and privacy policy. For    collecting children's personal information through parental consent, we will only use such information if permitted    by law and if there is explicit parental or guardian consent.
Although local laws and customs may have different definitions for children, we consider anyone below the age of  14 to be a child.
If we find ourselves inadvertently collecting personal information from children without first obtaining parental  consent, we will try to delete the data as soon as possible.
VII. How your personal information is stored or transferred internationally
1.Storage Location
In principle, personal information collected and generated within the People's Republic of China will be stored  within the territory of the People's Republic of China.
During the process of providing services, we may transfer the data obtained from you or your product end users to  an affiliated entity or other third party outside your jurisdiction, and such transfer will be handled to the extent  permitted by applicable laws and regulations and provide adequate protection of your personal information in  accordance with this policy.
If you or your product end user is located beyond the jurisdiction of the PRC, or when you and your product  terminal user is in the jurisdiction of the PRC while we need to transfer it to the place outside the jurisdiction of  the PRC, you shall consent or obtain consent from the end user for this international transfer.
We highly advise you to consult local professionals to ensure that this transfer complies with local data  protection requirements. Especially, when the international transfer involves the European Union or the United States,  please pay attention to the legal regulations for data protection and protection of personal information in these  places.
2.Storage Time
We retain your and your users' personal information solely for the purposes outlined in this privacy policy and  for the minimum storage time mandated by legal regulations. Following the expiration of the stipulated storage period,  we commit to deleting or anonymizing the personal information in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws  and regulations. However, if specific legal provisions or your and your end-users' explicit consent necessitate  otherwise, we may extend the storage duration of the personal information.
VIII. Policy Updates
We have the right to adjust the privacy policy at any time in accordance with change of service, adjustment of  applicable laws and policies, as well as other factors. We will not diminish your rights guaranteed under this Privacy  Policy without your explicit consent. Any update to this privacy policy will be published on this webpage marked with  the updated time.
Therefore,please check the privacy policy regularly so that you are always in compliance. If    you do not agree with this privacy policy, please terminate visiting and using our service.
If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy, such as changes in the content of your personal  information,changes in the controller of your personal information, changes in the sharing/transfer/disclosure of  personal information, or changes in your rights related to the protection of personal information, we will notify you  in amore significant way, such as through a pop-up or letter.
Material changes to this policy include, but are not limited to:
i.
If there have been  major changes in our service model, such as in the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal  information handled, how we use personal information, etc.
ii.
If we have undergone major changes in  ownership and organizational structure, such as business adjustment, bankruptcy, mergers, or other such  changes
iii.
If there have been changes in personal information sharing, transfer, or public  disclosure
iv.
If there has been a major change in your rights to participate in the processing of  personal information and in the way it is used
v.
If there are changes in the responsible  department, contacts, or complaints channel, with regard to how we handle personal information  security
vi.
If the personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there is  high risk
This policy is an important part of the TalkingData Terms of Service.
IX. How to contact us
If you have any question, advice, or complaint related to our privacy policy, please contact  support@tendcloud.com.
We have set up a Personal Information Protection Department. You can contact us here:  【td_legal@tendcloud.com】. In general, we will reply within 15 working days
If you are unsatisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing  practices are in any way detrimental to your legitimate rights and interests, you can also make complaints or reports  to the relevant telecommunications, public security, and commercial regulatory authorities.
You may also submit    the dispute to the Beijing Arbitration Commission for arbitration in Beijing in accordance with its rules at that time.
欢迎！
请选择咨询的产品
App Analytics
移动广告分析
Brand Growth
Analytics Enterprise
Smart Marketing Cloud
TalkingSmart DMP
Data Service
其他产品
关注微信公众号
复工通知
2020年春节复工通知
尊敬的用户，您好：
鼠年新春佳节之际，TalkingData向一直以来给予关心和支持的用户表示新春的问候 。
目前，国内新型冠状病毒疫情肆虐，我司原定于2月3日(星期一)正式复工，然而面临非常时期，TalkingData响应国家政策的要求于2月3日采取在家办公的方式恢复运营，并将于2月24日逐步过渡到全面复工。
在此期间，TalkingData的各款产品均可正常使用，我们会提供一切可能的方式(如客服热线、企业QQ群、视频会议、电话会议等)，为双方的合作交流提供助力，尽一切可能降低此影响给您带来的不便。
衷心感谢您的理解和支持。
Sub-policy 6
http://www.ministonegames.com/en/about/?20.html:
鍥炲埌椤堕儴
HOME
ABOUT
GAME
NEWS
JOBS
CONTACT
简体中文
Location ：
HOME
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Mini Stone Games is committed to provide enjoyable and fun games and applications (Services) across the wide variety of devices, such as smartphones, tablets, personal computers and videogame consoles. Mini Stone Games games are not targeted to users under the age 13. For those users that use our games and services, however, we take personal data protection very seriously. Mini Stone Games follows the generally accepted industry personal information protection standards. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while our goal is to use commercially acceptable ways to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee it is absolutely secure. Please keep it in mind before submitting any information about yourself. Please note that information that you voluntarily make public in your user profile, or which you disclose by posting comments will be publicly available and viewable by others. We do not hold any liability for any information that you voluntarily choose to be public through such and/or other explicit actions.
By using the Services you agree to observe and be bound by this Privacy Policy and you consent to the processing, collection, use and disclosure of your information and data in accordance with its terms. Please do not use the Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy.
When you use our Services, we collect the following information: information about your device (including device model, OS version and operator’s name), time and date of the connection to the game and/or service, IP or MAC address, International Mobile Equipment ID (IMEI), Android ID, device MAC address, cookie information. We also from time-to-time use services provided by third party companies that might collect information from you, and you can opt-out from this. Follow the directions provided by our other third party analytics provider located at
http://www.umeng.com/policy.html
,
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
,
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
,
https://vungle.com/privacy/
,
https://aws.amazon.com/en/privacy/
. If you “opt out” with our third party analytics providers, that action is specific to the information we collect specifically for that provider, and does not limit our ability to collect information from you, under the terms of this privacy policy, for other third parties.
Generally, the Service automatically collects usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our Service and how they use the various components of the Service. CMC (Computer-mediated communication) only uses this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally.  This type of aggregate data enables us to figure out how users actually use parts of the Service so that we can make them appealing to as many users as possible, and improve those Services.  As part of this use of information, we may provide aggregate information to our partners about how our customers, collectively, use our Services.  We may share this type of statistical data so that our partners also understand how people use the Services, so that they, too, may provide you with an optimal user experience. Again, CMC never discloses information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally.
Your information with limited access rights (including personal information) can only be accessed by our authorized employees or consultants or the concerned group entities, third party service providers, that need to have access to this data in order to be able to fulfill their given duties. However, we shall take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal data. We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by any law and also when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with judicial proceedings, court orders, or legal process.
Subject to limitations in applicable law, you are entitled to object to or request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data, and to request access to, rectification, erasure and portability of your own Personal Data. Where the use of your information is based on consent, you can withdraw this consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. If you are aware of changes or inaccuracies in your information, you should inform us of such changes so that our records may be updated or corrected. We retain your Personal Data as long as needed to provide services or products to you, or as required or permitted by applicable laws, such as tax and accounting laws.
You agree that Mini Stone Games may change this Privacy Policy at any time. Our current Privacy Policy will be posted here:
http://www.ministonegames.com/en/about/?20.html
. Our contact email for questions is:
support@ministonegames.com
.
Copyright © 2017 Marvel Software Technology (HK) Limited