About 2020 app
FAQs
Contact us
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
The following discloses the terms of service, information gathering and dissemination practices for this application, video and/or website:
We value and care for your privacy and assure you that we will not sell, trade, lease or rent any personal information provided by you.
In some cases, an application leads to our website. Certain links on this site lead to resources located on servers maintained by third parties over whom this website has no control. As such, this website makes no representation as to the accuracy, content, or any other aspect of the information contained on such servers.
This website does not and cannot warrant the information, documentation, or software (including any fixes and updates) available from this site or the performance or results obtained by using this information, documentation, or software. This information, documentation, and software is provided "as is". To the extent you use or implement this information, documentation, or software in your own setting, you do so at your own risk. In no event will this site be liable to you or others for any damages arising from your use or your inability to use this information, documentation, or software, including any lost profits, lost savings, or other incidental or consequential damages, even if this site has been advised of the possibility of such damages, or for any claim by another party.
Likewise, for services provided, they are all provided on a best-efforts basis and no guarantees of performance are stated or implied for provided services. It is the nature of the web to be dynamic, and services are based upon earnest attempts to deliver services in this uncertain and constantly changing environment. In no event will this site be liable to you or others for any damages for any cause arising from provided services, documentation, or software, including any lost profits, lost savings, or other incidental or consequential damages, even if this site has been advised of the possibility of such damages, or for any claim by another party.
Some information or services contained in this site, may refer to other sites or authors, and we have the permission to post them. All copyrights, trademarks, service marks, and logos are the respective property of their holders and local laws apply to each regional web site and facility.
Collection and use of your personal information
We may collect, sync and store your Personal Information including name, phone number(s) and email id(s) to provide services on our mobile application. While opening a trading and demat account with Sharekhan, you may be asked for certain Personal Data or Information (as defined under the Information Technology Act, 2000) at the time of account opening or subsequently like photograph, identity, address, bank details along with supporting scan/copies of documents proofs to complete your KYC (as per the ‘Know Your Client’ requirements set by SEBI) and as per the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002, All such information would be for the purpose of identity verification and background checking for account opening as per KYC & AML Rules, personalising services offered to you, keeping you updated of our products and services relevant to you, information pertaining to our services you’ve subscribed to, and for any legal and regulatory / audit purposes. Further, we may provide you with relevant updates on product and service offerings of our group and third-party service/product providers which we believe could be useful for you.
We would save such information as required by the law, and as directed by the regulators along  with such intermediaries regulated by them, for the purpose of offering you our services, and for such further regulatory, audit, and business purposes. We collect Personal Information from you  only when you voluntarily use the services provided and/or enquire to begin an association with us and/or complete the process of opening an account with Sharekhan. Further, we may transmit your name, mobile number(s) and email id(s) to our group and/or our affiliates should you choose to opt for any of the product and service offering(s) of our group and/or third-party service providers.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer, tablet or phone tied to information about the user. Sometimes, we do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site.
Also, some of our business partners use cookies and/or web beacons on our site (for example, advertisers). We have no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising.
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings.  However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.  This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by our Web site, and our applications.
Grievance Redressal:
Sharekhan shall address any discrepancies and grievances of the provider of the information with respect to processing of information in a time bound manner. The designated Grievance Officer (details specified below) shall redress the grievances or provider of information expeditiously but within one month ' from the date of receipt of grievance.
Details of Grievance Officer
Name: Ms. Supriya Shetty
Contact No.: (+91) 22 4152 3200
Email ID:
myaccount@sharekhan.com
Advertisers
We may use outside ad companies to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies and/or web beacons to collect data in the ad serving process and are collected by our ad companies; we do not have access to this information. If you wish, you can disable cookies following the indications of your individual browser.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
By using this website and/or application you signify your agreement to these terms.
This website reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time by posting a revised privacy policy.
Most asked questions
Q. How to download the 2020 app?
A. The 2020 app is available on Play Store. To download the app,
click here
. We are launching the app on App Store soon!
Q. Who can use the 2020 app?
A. The 2020 mobile app seeks to engage all employees and business partner of Sharekhan in a change management programme.
Q. How to log in to the 2020 app?
A. Every Sharekhan employee and business partner will receive the user ID and password to log-in to the app.
Contact us
2020@sharekhan.com
1-800-22-7500
Leave us a query,
click here >>