Home
About RTA
Policies & Procedures
{}
Our Policies And Procedures
We are keen to provide a safe and flawless online processing and navigation experience that ensures protection for all RTA’s online related practices. Therefore, we adopt transparent and ideal standards and measures to realise both your satisfaction and our interests, while protecting the privacy rights of both sides of the business
Quality
Safety
Security
Privacy
Asset Management
Terms and conditions
Partnership
Knowledge Management Policy
Quality
RTA is committed to establish and manage robust quality control and quality assurance systems ensuring the highest levels of product and service quality, essential to achieve RTA's vision of “Safe and Smooth Transport for all.
Customer FeedBack System (CFS)
Customer Feedback System is a modern and unique system, collecting all the electronic feedback data submitted by the customers at the Main Service Centre.
We also honour every month the top users of this service in an effort to encourage feedback to assess and improve our services accordingly, and maintain good communication with our customers.
Complaints
We receive notifications and complaints through our various offline and online channels. Through our state-of-the-art CRM system, we are able to track complaints progress from their initiation until their resolution, and address all types of notifications and complaints in a timely accurate manner following strict performance KPIs to ensure the utmost customer satisfaction.
Ideas and Suggestions
We want you to help us move to the next level, and welcome all your creative ideas and suggestions to improve our services ….
Submit your suggestion online, or call 8009090. We also welcome your ideas via fax, email and all our other communication channels. Make sure your ideas are new, creative, innovative, and will help in one of the below areas:
Best Utilization of Resources
Improve Major Processes
Environmental sustainability
Affects RTA Image
Improves work quality
Feasible Suggestions with Financial Outcomes
Submit your feasibility study or plan along with the suggestion for a better chance to win one of our awards based on the below criteria:
Award Category
Priority Ranking
Financial Outcome
Reward
Feasible Suggestions with Financial Outcomes
First
AED 1,000,000+
5% of income generated (not to exceed AED 50,000)
Second
AED 750,000-999,999
5% of income generated (not to exceed AED 40,000)
Third
AED 500,000-749,999
5% of income generated (not to exceed AED 30,000
Fourth
AED 250,000 – 499,999
5% of income generated (not to exceed AED 20,000
Fifth
AED 100,000 – 249,999
5% of income generated (not to exceed AED 10,000
Sixth
AED 99,999 or Less
5% of income generated (not to exceed AED 5,000
Feasible Suggestions without Financial Outcomes
First
90 to 100 Points
AED 15,000
Second
70 to 89 Points
AED 10,000
Third
50 to 69 Points
AED 8,000
Fourth
30 to 49 Points
AED 6,000
Fifth
10 to 29 Points
AED 2,500
Safety
RTA is committed to the effective implementation of a solid health and safety management system ensuring that all work activities are done safely as per the set guidelines and boundaries.
Customer FeedBack System (CFS)
Customer Feedback System is a modern and unique system, collecting all the electronic feedback data submitted by the customers at the Main Service Centre.
We also honour every month the top users of this service in an effort to encourage feedback to assess and improve our services accordingly, and maintain good communication with our customers.
Security
The Roads and Transport Authority (RTA) is committed to achieving the highest levels of customer satisfaction and promoting secure modes of business transactions.
Transaction Security
RTA has secure mechanisms to protect the information provided to it by its customers. RTA uses state of the art encryption techniques to protect all the information identified as sensitive, or any other data that is required to be secured to meet Dubai’s federal or local government regulations.
Safe transfer of information
This website undertakes to provide sufficient protection for the information you provide to us. We employ electronic, material, and legal protection measures to maintain your confidential information. Additionally, we encrypt information classified as sensitive or data that have to be kept confidential according to statutory requirements.
Apple Pay is now available
For mobile app users, Apple Pay is now available as a mode of payment. For terms and conditions, please visit,
click here
Privacy
The obligation to protect the privacy rights of all our customers, who are visiting our websites, is of utmost importance to Roads and Transport Authority (RTA)..
Data Collection and Data Usage
RTA Privacy Policy deals with its guidelines related to information collection & usage of your personal information. RTA uses its website to:
Collect personal information for the purpose of personalizing your experience and responding to your requests / input in the most relevant way. RTA will not share any e-mail or other information submitted through its websites.
Provide electronic transaction capabilities when you provide any personal and/or payment information. Such information may be collected, processed and disclosed to external Dubai Government Departments to complete an online transaction and for record-keeping for such activities as billing, permits, licences and other business-related purposes.
Collect usage statistics for site management, such as assessing what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance issues. The information does not identify you personally. The following information about your visit is collected: - The Internet domain and/or IP address from which you access the RTA’s Website; - The type of browser and operating system used to access RTA’s Website; - The date and time of the visit; - The pages visited
Protection of personal information
Your personal information is only available to the RTA employees who have a need to know it. It will not be available for public inspection without your consent. Also, no site user information will be shared, sold, or transferred to any third party without your prior consent.
Access to such information is only given to those qualified professionals who provide RTA online services consistent with your interactions with our site.
There are several places throughout RTA website that may link to other web sites that do not operate under RTA privacy practices. We encourage visitors to review each site's privacy policy before disclosing any personally identifiable information.
Right to review, amend or correct personal details any user supplying us with his /her personal details is entitled to review, or amend those personal details at any time.
Other websites and Applications
The privacy policy applies only to the website of the RTA. In the event of shifting to another website though the link provided at RTA website, you should read the privacy policy of that website so as to be aware of the applicable practices. RTA will therefore not accept responsibility or liability for any harm or loss incurred as a result of surfing that website.
Privacy Breach
If you get notified about account changes you didn’t make or you doubt any privacy compromising, please communicate with us via
ask@rta.ae
or call the toll free number
8009090
.
Asset Management
RTA considers effective asset management vital to the success of its plans.
Customer FeedBack System (CFS)
Customer Feedback System is a modern and unique system, collecting all the electronic feedback data submitted by the customers at the Main Service Centre.
We also honour every month the top users of this service in an effort to encourage feedback to assess and improve our services accordingly, and maintain good communication with our customers.
Terms and conditions
In addition to the provisions of this agreement, browsing this website is also subject to
The federal laws of the United Arab Emirates.
The local laws of the emirate of Dubai.
The international conventions ratified by the UAE.
The logo of RTA and the content of its website are subject to the intellectual property rights applicable in the UAE and the international conventions applicable in this regard. You shall not be entitled to use them without a proper consent from RTA and without adopting the proper course of action set for this practice.
Amendment
RTA may amend the terms and conditions of this agreement, provided a notice to this effect is displayed on this webpage. Amendments must take effect once made. Your regular browsing of the website following the introduction of those amendments will be understood as endorsement of those amendments. You shall visit this page regularly to check the terms and conditions.
Required Conduct
You agree to access and use the site only for lawful purposes, and that you are fully aware of all laws, statutes, rules, and regulations pertaining to your use of the site.
By accessing the site, you agree that you will NOT:
Use the logo of RTA and/or the content of its website without a prior consent from RTA and/or adopting the proper course of action set for this practice.
Use the site to commit a crime or encourage others to engage in any conduct, which would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability.
Post or transmit any discriminatory, libelous, harassing, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or otherwise unlawful content against any party.
Use the site to impersonate other parties or entities.
Use the site to upload any content that contains a software virus, "Trojan horse" or any other computer code, files, or programs that may alter, damage, or interrupt the functionality of the site or the hardware or software of any other person who accesses the site.
Upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any materials that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under a contractual relationship.
Alter, damage, or delete any content posted on the site.
Disrupt the normal flow of communication in any way.
Claim a relationship with or represent any business, associations, or other organizations with which you are not authorized to claim such a relationship or represent.
Post or transmit any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, or other forms of solicitation.
Post any material that infringes upon or violates the intellectual property rights of another; or
Collect or store personal information about others.
Registration
Certain sections of the site are restricted to registered users and/or allow access to support or online services through entering personal information.
You agree that any information provided to us in these areas will be complete and accurate, that you will not register under the name of, nor attempt to enter the site under the name of another person, and that you will not adopt a user name that RTA, in its sole discretion, deems offensive.
Termination of use
RTA may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to or use of this site without a prior notice for your violation of these terms and conditions or laws applicable in the UAE, or for other conduct, which RTA, in its sole discretion, believes is breaching international agreements and conventions or harmful to others.
In the event of termination, you will no longer be authorized to access the site, and RTA will use any means possible to enforce this termination.
Other site links
Some links on the site lead to websites that are not operated by RTA. We do not control these websites, nor do we review or control their content.
RTA provides these links to users for convenience.
These links are not an endorsement of products, services, or information, and do not imply an association between RTA and the operators of the linked website. When you select a link to an external website, you are subject to the terms and conditions of the owner/sponsors of that external website.
Content
RTA reserves the right to monitor any content that you provide but shall not be obligated to do so.
Although RTA cannot monitor all postings on the site, we reserve the right, but assume no obligation, to delete, move, or edit any postings that violate our terms and conditions, the laws of the United Arab Emirates, and the international conventions ratified by the UAE.
Indemnity
RTA reserves the right to request a financial or not financial indemnity due to any breach of the terms and you agree to defend the interests of RTA with any party, official or otherwise, in connection with any claim, financial or otherwise, arising from any breach by you of any of the terms and conditions of this agreement.
Accordingly, you will bear all costs, financial or otherwise, resulting from your breach of any of the conditions of this agreement, be it insurance, compensation, fees or any other costs, financial or others.
Any settlement made with anybody, official or otherwise, in connection with any breach of the conditions of this agreement shall not be valid and effective, unless with the explicit written consent of RTA.
Limitation of liability
In no event will RTA be liable for any incidental, indirect, special, punitive, exemplary, or consequential damages, arising out of your use of or inability to use the site, including without limitation, loss of revenue or anticipated profits, loss of goodwill, loss of business, loss of data, computer failure or malfunction, or any other damages.
Disclaimer of warranty
You expressly understand and agree that your use of the site, or any material available through this site, is at your own risk. Neither RTA nor its employees warrant that the site will be uninterrupted, problem-free, free of omissions, or error-free; nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the site. The content and function of the site are provided to you "as is" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied.
Disclaimer for Third Party Applications
The use of any Third Party Applications is subject to any terms and a condition provided with such Third Party Application and is not governed by RTA.
The use of Third Party Application is solely your responsibility since RTA does not govern the use of such Third Party Applications.
RTA is not responsible for any Third Party Application and you acknowledge that such application may be modified or removed by its original publisher and/or respective rights owner at any time.
You assume all responsibility and risk of use of any Third Party Application (including any content therein) and RTA hereby disclaims any and all liability to you or any third party related thereto.
RTA does not have any obligation to examine or scan Third Party Applications, for any purpose, and is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, appropriateness or legality of any Third Party Application.
The fact that a Third Party Application is available via the app stores or otherwise is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of RTA’s affiliation with any third party, nor is it an endorsement of such Third Party Application and you hereby waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against RTA with respect thereto.
RTA exercises no control over the third party applications, products, services, software and app stores, and we are not responsible for their performance, do not endorse them, and are not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, or other materials available through them. We are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused to you by your use of or reliance on any goods or services available through the third party applications, products, services, software and app stores.
Partnership
Dubai’s Roads and Transport Authority (RTA) seeks global leadership through meaningful partnerships that contribute to achieving its vision: "The world leader in seamless and Sustainable Mobility", by strengthening collaborative work, so that RTA Dubai remains an important reference globally.
RTA has also recorded many global success stories since its establishment due to the challenging and continuous work with its partners.
Become a partner in our success stories by registering your interest via e-mail RTAPartnershpis@rta.ae
RTA is committed to adopting and implementing a system to manage its relationships with partners that are based on best international practices, ensuring the long-term success and efficiency of these partnerships and assisting both parties in reaching their goals, as long as they are consistent with the Authority's vision, mission, and goals.
Partnership management system
RTA is dedicated to building sustainable partnership relations that support the realization of its vision towards safe and easy transportation for all in accordance with all requirements of the international standard ISO 44001: 2017, legal and legislative requirements in a manner which does not conflict with the international standards and administrative systems applicable in the Authority.
Objectives of the partnership management system
The objectives include developing appropriate performance measurement goals and indicators for managing and evaluating the partnership management system on a regular basis, setting suitable procedures for its sustainability or cancellation in a manner that does not conflict with the interest of the RTA in addition to achieving mutual benefit with the partners.
Knowledge Management Policy
The Corporate Knowledge Management Charter in Roads and Transport Authority
Roads and Transport Authority is keen to spread the culture of institutional knowledge and benchmarking among all its employees, partners and other stakeholders. This charter enhances the maturity level of institutional knowledge at the level of the Roads and Transport Authority, as well as confirming the provision of a unified reference for organizing and managing operations related to institutional knowledge in the authority and according to ISO 30401:2018 (Enterprise Knowledge Management System), in order to ensure that organizational units are informed of the best practices and benefit from them.
Roads and Transport Authority Knowledge Management framework
RTA’s Knowledge Management Framework: Process – People – Technology – Business Intelligence:
1-
Establish
: Occurs throughout the organization Developing products, services, solutions, processes, improvements…etc
2-
Identify
: Pinpointing the organization’s strategic, at risk, & in-demand knowledge & expertise.
3-
Collect
: Documenting & storing knowledge to ensure it is preserved & accessible to others.
4-
Review
: Vetting & assessing knowledge for relevance & accuracy.
5-
Share
: Distribution of knowledge that has been collected & reviewed.
6-
Access
: Encountering and retrieving knowledge includes content delivered to user, and the content available on request.
7-
Use
: Occurs when collective knowledge is applied to resolve a problem, improve a process, or make a decision.
Objective of Corporate Knowledge Management
Defining the goals of the knowledge  system, periodical review to ensure the provision of necessary resources to achieve results needed. In addition, the role of benchmarking in the authority is covered through institutional knowledge from the stages of preparing the plan to its implementation, which ensures the development and improvement of the knowledge management system continuously.
Knowledge Management Resources
RTA is committed to applying the knowledge management system by identifying and sharing the tools, skills and competencies required to define knowledge and ways to transfer, share benefit from and reuse it, taking into account the protection of specialized and important knowledge.
Continuous improvement
RTA is committed to the continuous development and improvement of the knowledge management system. This includes systems with a knowledge base, to view and benefit from the important knowledge available in RTA. The circulation of knowledge among employees will allow a raise in the knowledge maturity level.
Engage with Us
We are here for you. Do not hesitate to communicate with us via the following channels:
Chat with Mahboub
Chat and apply for services with Mahboub.
MBR Majlis
Participate in building the future of Dubai.
Feedback & Ideas
Let us know your ideas, complaints or questions.
Email us
Send your questions or ideas by email.
Facebook
Instagram
X
Youtube
Linkedin
The Official Portal of UAE Government
Dubai Digital Authority (DDA) | Digital Dubai
The Dubai pulse
Copyright ©
2025
Roads and Transport Authority
, all rights reserved.
This site is maintained by the Roads and Transport Authority.
The site is best viewed using Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, Safari and Chrome.
Page last modified:
2 March 2025
Listening ...
< span class = 'hidepermanent' > dynamic IBM links < /span>
< span class = 'hidepermanent' > IBM dynamic links < /span>
You are being redirected to an external website
Please wait a moment ...
Content loading ...
Please wait for a moment
dummytext
dummytext
dummytext
Sign Language
Reset Settings