Dollarbird Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
Dollarbird Apps SRL ("us", "we", or "our") operates the
https://dollarbird.co
website and the Dollarbird mobile application (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
2. Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your email address, name, password, and any other information that we deem necessary for the purpose of providing you with our Service or which you provide to us voluntarily ("Personal Information").
3. Log Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Log Data").
This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Log Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service's functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
4. Location information
We may use and store information about your location, if you give us permission to do so. We use this information to provide features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service. You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at anytime, through your mobile device settings.
5. Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
We use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Dollarbird and our analytics partners, use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts to enable a service to recognize your device so you don't have to provide the same information several times during one task, recognize that you may have already given a username and password so you don't need to do it for every web page requested, and measuring how many people are using services.
We use local storage, such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features also use HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.
We partner with third parties, such as Facebook and Google, to manage our advertising of the Products on other sites or platforms as well as across your other devices based on your past visits to our website. Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities within the Products to deliver such advertising to you, such as retargeting ads.
We use third party trackers to let us know when users have visited the Products by “clicking-through” our sponsored advertising or content hosted on third party platforms.
We use Google Analytics code to gather statistical information. Google Analytics sets cookies to help us accurately estimate the number of visitors to Dollarbird and the volumes of usage of Dollarbird. For more information on how Google Analytics processes this information, visit
www.google.com/analytics
.
6. Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the mobile application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We may link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
7. Accessing, Editing, and Removing Your Information
Users may in some cases be able to review and edit the personal information they have provided to us by logging into your account on the Site and editing their account. Although most changes may occur immediately, information may still be stored in a web browser’s cache. We take no responsibility for stored information in your cache, or in other devices that may store information, and disclaim all liability of such. In addition, we may, from time to time, retain residual information about you in our backup and/or database.
8. Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. For this reason, you hereby agree that for every authorization which you grant to us in this Privacy Policy, you also grant to any third party that we may hire, contract, or otherwise retain the services of for the purpose of operating, maintaining, repairing, or otherwise improving or preserving our website or its underlying files or systems. You agree not to hold us liable for the actions of any of these third parties, even if we would normally be held vicariously liable for their actions, and that you must take legal action against them directly should they commit any tort or other actionable wrong against you. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you authorize us to collect, share, store, exchange, and otherwise use your information in conjunction with:
Apple App Store
Google Play Store
Avangate
Flurry Analytics
Google Analytics
Firebase
MailChimp
Calq
9. Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
10. Business Transaction
If Dollarbird Apps SRL is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Information may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Information is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
11. Security
We take certain measures to enhance the security of our Site and Service, including using SSL certificates and a one-way hashing algorithm for storing Users’ passwords. However, we make no representations as to the security or privacy of your information.
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We recommend that you use anti-virus software, firewalls, and other precautions to protect yourself from security threats.
12. International Transfer
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Romania and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to Romania and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
13. Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
14. Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a children under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
15. Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Policies, please contact us by sending an email to
hello@dollarbird.co
.
You must have JavaScript enabled to use this app.