OR
Murka Games is an international game development company that has been successfully producing social casino and casual games for over a decade. For several years in a row, Murka’s titles were called the most innovative in the category and ranked among top European companies:
• Top Publishers Award of App Annie’s 2021
• EGR Global North America Awards 2021
• Top 15 Social Casino Game Publishers by EKG
In 2019, Murka Games was acquired by the Blackstone Group, one of the world’s largest private equity firms.
Murka Games brings fun and joy to 5 million monthly players in more than 200 countries worldwide.
With ambitious creation plans in the mobile gaming industry, we are actively looking for new talents to join our team.
Infinity Slots
Launch year 2015
Slots Journey
Launch year 2020
ARK Casino
Launch year 2021
Scatter Slots
Launch year 2015
Slots Era
Launch year 2016
Scatter Hold’em Poker
Launch year 2016
Solitaire Play
Launch year 2020
Wordelicious
Launch year 2021
Braindoku
Launch year 2021
Your browser does not support the video tag.
Send Message
Game Product Analyst
Remote
Marketing Data Analyst
Poland
​Mobile User Acquisition Manager
Remote
Junior Slot Mathematician
Remote
Affiliate Lead
Remote
Senior Unity Software Engineer
Remote
Oct 25, 2023
@Murka
Anouncement
Oct 25, 2023
@Skybound
Murka has released Chronicles of Amber slot in partnership with Skybound
PRESS RELEASE
Founder & Chairman of the Board Anton Krasnyy Steps Down
[26.10.23] – Murka Games (“Murka” or “the Company”), the international social and
        casual game development company, today announced that after 14 years Anton
        Krasnyy has decided to step down from his role as Chairman of the Board
        effective immediately.
Since Anton founded Murka in 2009, the Company has grown from a small
        Ukraine-based start-up to a top 10 force in Social Casino with titles including
        Scatter Slots, Slots Era, Infinity Slots and Scatter Poker, successfully expanding
        its   Casual   Gaming   franchise   and   internationalizing   the   business   with
        headquarters   in   Cyprus.   In   2019,   funds   managed   by   Blackstone   Tactical
        Opportunities   acquired   a   majority   stake   in   Murka   to   support   this   growth
        trajectory. Today, Murka has over 400 employees, and c.2 million monthly active
        users.
In January 2021, Anton transitioned from Chief Executive Officer to Chairman of
        the Board, with Chief Operating Officer Barak David appointed Chief Executive
        Officer.
Anton Krasnyy, Founder and Outgoing Chairman of Murka, said
: “Since
        founding Murka 14 years ago, I have seen the Company grow beyond what I
        could have imagined. I am very proud of everything we have achieved and would
        like to thank the management team and all our incredible colleagues who have
        supported me and worked very hard to deliver exciting games to our player
        community. I leave my position knowing Murka is in very capable hands and look
        forward to following the Company’s progress in the years to come.”
Barak David, Chief Executive Officer of Murka, said:
“On behalf of the
        Board and our employees, I would like to thank Anton for his guidance and
        wisdom over many years. I have had the honour to work closely alongside Anton,
        whose   product   vision   and   leadership   have   shaped   the   strength   of   the
        organisation and of Murka’s top titles today. Anton leaves Murka in a strong
        position with huge opportunities ahead, and we wish him every success going
        forward.”
Topic. Choose from the list:
Support
Support
Business
Join Murka
Marketing
Say hi
Position. Choose from the list:
.Net developer
.Net developer
2d Artist
2D Promo Animator
Analyst (Data QA)
BI developer
Business Analyst
CRM Specialist
Data Scientist
Front-end developer
Game designer
Linux Administrator
PHP developer
Project Manager
Promo Designer
QA Automation
QA Engineer
Researcher
Support Specialist
UA manager
UI designer
Unity Animator
Unity Developer (Unity 3d Developer)
Unity Integrator
Other (type your option)
Attach File
Send Message
Please wait for a second...
Your message was sent!
Something went wrong :(
Try again later
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
The “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” option is a provision of the CCPA that allows
        California residents to opt-out of the sales of their personal data.
This "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" page only covers California residents.
As described in our CCPA notice Murka does not "sell" Personal Information about our consumers as most people
        would typically understand that term. However, we do allow certain third-party advertising partners to collect
        information about consumers through our games and our website for purposes of serving ads that are more
        relevant,
        for ad campaign measurement and analytics, and for ad fraud detection and reporting. To the extent this practice
        may be interpreted to constitutea "sale" under the CCPA, please see below how you can submit your request to
        opt-out of sale.
You may submit your request through the following methods:
By contacting us at
privacy@murka.com
and providing the Required
          Information as indicated below in the form or
By submitting the form below.
FORM TO SUBMIT REQUEST TO OPT-OUT OF SALE
*Required Information
Is your primary residence in the state of California* (YES / NO)?*
Your valid California residence address:
Example format:
(234) 567-7890
Are you requesting on behalf of another person (YES/NO)*?
Any individual submitting this "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" request on
          behalf of someone other than
          themselves should include proof that they are authorized to make the request. This may be in the form of a
          written authorization signed by the person whom the individual is acting on behalf of or a valid power of
          attorney.
If you are an authorized agent of a California consumer, please attach the applicable authorization
          documents to this request by uploading them using the tool below:
Attach File
The information you provide here will only be used to process your opt-out of sale
          request.
By submitting this form, you agree that Murka may contact you and collect
          additional information regarding your request, to confirm your email address, and/or to verify your identity.
Penalty of Perjury Declaration*
I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United
            States of America that the foregoing is true and correct and that I have the authority to execute this
            request.
Send Message
Once you make an opt-out request, you may change your mind and revoke your opt-out request any time by
        contacting us at
privacy@murka.com
.
If you do not want to receive interest-based in-application advertisements on your mobile device, you may also
        adjust the ad tracking settings on your device (such as turning on “Limit Ad Tracking”). You can also reset the
        “Advertising Identifier” (such as an IDFA) from your mobile device’s settings page, which will prevent
        continued use of existing behavioral data tied to your previous “Advertising Identifier.” To Limit Ad tracking
        on
        iOS Devices please follow the link
Limit Ad
          Tracking
. To
        opt out of personalized ads on Android devices follow the link
Opt-out of Personalized
          Ads.
To prevent third parties from delivering tailored web and mobile web advertising, you may also visit the
        opt-out tools provided by the
Network
          Advertising Alliance
and the
Digital Advertising Alliance
, or download apps, such
        as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s “AppChoices” app, that offer to provide you with controls regarding the
        collection and use of cross-app data for behavioral advertising.
These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Murka. Murka does not control or operate these tools or
        the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Please wait for a second...
Your message was sent!
Something went wrong :(
Try again later
Page is not found! You can find all information on our
Home Page!
Or, would you like to play some Slots instead?
Score:
0
Show pay table
SPIN
250
200
150
100
75
50
40
30
CLOSE
Contact Us
Partnership
Career
Life style
Games
About us
Copyright © 2011-2025. All rights reserved.
Murka Games Limited.
Privacy policy
&
Terms of service
&
Ambassador Club 2019
&
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
About us
Games
Life style
Career
Partnership
Contact Us
Do Not Sell My Info
Privacy Policy
Murka Games Limited (“Murka”) is committed to protecting the privacy of its users (“users” or “you”). In this Privacy Policy, “Murka” refers to Murka Games Limited and its “Affiliates”, which shall mean subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures and other corporate entities under common ownership. We may also refer to Murka as “we” or “us”. This Privacy Policy has been created to inform you about how Murka, as the controller of your personal data, manages, makes decision in relation to, collects, stores, uses and protects the personal data you provide. This Privacy Policy applies whenever you use our “Services,” which means our games and applications, products, services, content, websites operated by Murka. Also, this Privacy Policy describes how you can access and update that personal data. Please note that, unless stated otherwise, the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited only to the personal data collected by Murka through your use of the Services. By using the Services, you acknowledge the use of your personal data as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Murka may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time. Murka Games Limited acquired substantially all of the business assets of Murka Limited on June 18th, 2019 and on that date became the new controller of any personal data that you had already provided Murka Limited. If you have any questions regarding how this acquisition affects the use of your personal data please contact
privacy@murka.com
.
Information Collected
Murka's primary objective in collecting user information is to provide and enhance its Services, and to enable users to enjoy its Services. When you install any of its Services, Murka may collect and record the information you provide to Murka, whether through the Services themselves, or through social networks or other third party services ("Account Information"). We may collect information about you directly from you and from third parties, as well as automatically through your use of our Websites, Applications or Services.
Information We Collect Directly From You and As You Play Our Games and Information We Collect About You From Facebook, or Google or other platform.
You have choices about the data we collect. When you are asked to provide personal data, you may decline. But if you choose not to provide the data that is necessary to provide a product or feature, you may not be able to use that product or feature. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Murka, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use. When you log into our mobile application through your relevant account, you will be asked to enter your relevant email address and password. Facebook or Google controls the information collected from you during the log-in process; Murka does not control the information that Facebook or Google collects from you. When you use any of our Applications (whether our mobile application or if you access our Facebook or Google application), we will collect the following information: (i) your Facebook or Google basic information (this includes your name, profile picture, gender, networks, user IDs, list of friends, date of birth, email address, and any other information you have set to public on your Facebook or Google account); (ii) your email address; (iii) posts to your Wall; (iv) posts in your news feed; and (v) other Facebook or Google data at any time even if you are not using Facebook or Google. Please note, if you allow Murka to have access to this information, then Murka will have access to this information even if you have chosen not to make that information public. For information about how Facebook or Google or other platforms may disclose your information, including any information you make public, please consult the Facebook or Google or other platform Privacy Policy. We have no control over how Facebook or Google or other platforms use or disclose the personal data you provide to it. We store the information that we receive from Facebook or Google, or other platforms along with other information that we collect from you or receive about you. We also collect information you provide to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as the feedback and product reviews you write, or questions and information you provide for customer support. When you contact us, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
Information We Collect Automatically. Cookies.
Like many websites, Murka may use "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard disk or your mobile device for record-keeping purposes. The Services may send cookies to a computer or a mobile device when a user accesses or views the Services. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to personal data for purposes such as improving the quality of Murka's service, tailoring recommendations to interests, and making the Services easier to use. Third party advertisers on the Services may also place or read cookies or other technologies on your browser, and those practices are subject to their own policies. We and our service providers may also employ other technologies including (i) web beacons, which allow us to know if a certain page was visited or whether an e-mail was opened; (ii) tracking pixels, which allow us or our advertising partners to advertise more efficiently and effectively by excluding our current users from certain promotional messages, identifying the source of a new installation or delivering ads to you on other websites; and (iii) local shared objects also known as flash cookies, which help us to reduce fraud, remember your in-game preferences and speed up load times.
Murka uses Google Analytics to recognize and count the number of website visitors and see how they move around the website. We do this only to better understand how you use the website and the Services, with a view to offering improvements; and to tailor our business and marketing activities accordingly, both generally and specifically to you. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the
Google Privacy & Terms web page
. To opt-out of Google Analytics -
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
.
For more information on how to limit the types of cookies you allow, please see “Opting out of Cookie Tracking” section.
The information types collected in accordance with the Services
may vary depending on the activity, and may include:
Your name;
Your social network or third party service user identification number;
Your mobile device’s unique identifier (UDID);
Transaction identifiers for purchases;
Your email address;
Your profile picture;
Your phone number; or
Any other relevant information included in your application, social network or other online profile. Additionally, Murka may acquire information from you through:
Your access and participation in message boards on a Service;
The contents of your Customer Support requests and messages; or
Your purchase of a virtual product of any type. Please note that because a third party site manages the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Services, Murka does not have access to your credit card details or any other billing information.
Murka may collect information about your use of its Services both in the course of game play and software usage. Murka may also invite you to share information about yourself, which may include but is not limited to:
Your age or date of birth;
Your gender;
Information about the hardware you may own;
Your favorite websites, friend information and fan pages; or
Any other information included in your application, social network or other online profile.
Other information Murka may collect includes your language, zip code, area code, location, and the time zone where the Services are used, as well as information about your computer, mobile device, software, platform, incident data, Internet Protocol (IP) address, network Media Access Control (MAC) address and connection, browser type, browser language, referring pages, exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity, so that Murka can better understand customer behavior and improve its products, services, and advertising. The Service may also record game play information such as your game session duration or your high scores. In addition to the information collected as described above, you may choose to share additional information about yourself throughout the Service, such as on message boards and in games. Any actions you perform with other players are considered public, and are solely at your discretion. If non-personal data is collected for an activity that also requires personal data, Murka may combine your non-personal data with your personal data in an attempt to provide you with a better user experience, to improve the value and quality of the Services, and to analyze how its Services are used. Murka may also receive either non-personal or public information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or data that Murka may use to supplement personal data provided directly by you.
Payment Information
For Murka's policy regarding the purchase of “virtual items”, “coins” or other “virtual currency”, please see Murka's
Terms of Service
. When you play Murka’s games or access any of our other Services on connected third-party applications or platforms (like Facebook, Apple, Google, etc), any purchases you make will be processed by that third-party application and subject to that third-party application’s terms of service and privacy policy. For these purchases, Murka does not receive your financial information, but may receive non-financial information related to your purchases, like your name, approximate physical location, and the items purchased. The information Murka receives depends on the Murka game you’re playing and the third-party application.
When you play Murka’s games or access any of our other Service on our website
infinityslots.com
, we are using third-party payment processor for processing payments. For more details please visit:
https://www.safecharge.com/privacy-policy/
. Murka may change such third-party payment processor in its sole discretion at any time. If such third-party payment processor is modified, Murka will update this provision when applicable. Our third-party payment processor will collect the billing and financial information it needs to process your charges. This may include your postal address, e-mail address and financial information. Murka does not collect or store your financial information, like credit card numbers. However, Murka’s payment processors may share non-financial information with us related to your purchases, like your name, billing address and the items purchased in order to fulfil your order.
Customer Support Correspondence
When you ask for help from our Customer Support team, we may collect and store the contact information you give them (i.e, your name and e-mail address, phone number), information about your game play or activity on our Services, and your social network or service user identification number (if any). We will also store the communications you have with our Customer Support team and any additional information in those communications in order to provide support and improve the Services.
How Murka Uses Your Information
Murka uses your information to fulfill your specific requests, purchase orders, and to send you purchase confirmation and other account-related information. In carrying out these purposes, we combine the data we collect to give you a more personalized experience. However, to enhance privacy, we have built in technological and procedural safeguards designed to prevent certain data combinations. For example, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address or phone number. In addition, the personal data you provide will allow Murka to send you messages regarding, amongst other things, new products, features, enhancements, special offers, upgrade opportunities, contests and events of interest. You may opt out of these communications at any time. Murka may also use personal and non-personal data, both individually and combined together, to better understand the behavior and preferences of its customers, to troubleshoot technical problems, to serve static and dynamic advertising, to enforce its Terms of Service, to ensure proper functioning of its products and services, as well as to help improve Services and their content. In addition, Murka may combine non-personal data with personal data, such as an email address, to administer loyalty programs, tailor its offerings, web pages or game play experience to you. By use of friend finder tools, whether directly through the Service or through a social network or gaming service, you acknowledge that use of these friend finder tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your Service account (and related gaming entitlements, including games played, spins and coins) with your social networking profile and/or email address. Your resulting friends’ list will be subject to this Privacy Policy. If you choose to use a referral service to "tell a friend" about the Services, Murka may ask you for your friend’s name and email address. Murka will send your friend an email on your behalf or a text message inviting him or her to visit the relevant site or check out the Services. Murka stores your friend's name and email for a short period for the sole purpose of sending this email, and for redundancy checking, to be sure that your friend does not receive multiple copies of the same email message. Murka does not keep or use this information for any other purpose. If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion, Murka may use the information you provide to administer those programs. Your participation in tournaments or other online gaming events is conditional upon you granting Murka permission to collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display statistical data, such as your scores, rankings and achievements, generated through your participation. In all cases of data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, loaned, leased, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties other than in the circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, and will be used solely for the purpose of providing you with and improving the Services and for any other purpose stated herein. Murka will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that Murka no longer uses your information, contact Murka at the email address provided in the Contact Us section below. Note that there may be instances where Murka is legally required to retain your information.
We will only collect, use and share your personal data where we are satisfied that we have an appropriate legal basis to do this. This may be because:
you have provided your consent to us using the personal data;
our use of your personal data is in our legitimate interest as a business - in these cases we will look after your information at all times in a way that is proportionate and respects your privacy rights and you have a right to object to processing as explained in "Your rights" section below;
our use of your personal data is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you, including the terms and conditions which apply to your use of the Services;
our use of your personal data is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation.
To process your payments
Performance of a Contract
To allow you to play our games and otherwise make use of our Service
Performance of a Contract
To provide customer support
Legitimate Interest in assisting users to make the most of our Services
To communicate with you about the Services you’re using
Legitimate Interest in assisting users to make the most of our Services
To analyse and personalise your use of our website
Legitimate Interest in understanding how our website is used to improve it for all users, or tailor it to specific user preferences
To provide you with targeted advertising
Legitimate Interest to promote our Service and the products and services on third parties on the website
To send you marketing communications by email
Where permitted by law, Legitimate Interest in promoting our Service subject to providing users with the ability to opt-out at the point of collecting contact details and subsequently; otherwise, Consent
To carry out customer / user research
Legitimate Interest in understanding our user base to better tailor our Service
To protect the website and monitor and defend against security threats
Legitimate Interest in safeguarding the security of the site for the benefit of Murka and its users
To make disclosures to law enforcement, government bodies, courts or regulators
Comply with a Legal Obligation; or, otherwise Legitimate Interest in complying with a lawful request from one of these bodies which Murka judges to be in the public interest
To establish, exercise or defend our legal rights
Legitimate Interest in protecting the commercial interests and/or reputation of Murka by defending legal claims, or pursuing legal claims against users who have acted in breach of contract or unlawfully
Legitimate Interests, you may object to that processing by contacting us (see "Your rights" section below).
Access through Social Network Services or Mobile Devices or Platforms
By accessing the Services through a social network, mobile device or other third party platform or service, or by connecting to such a third party network, platform or service via the Services, you are acknowledging that Murka will collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed that the social network, mobile device or other third party platform could provide to Murka through the social network/mobile device/third party platform Application Programming Interface (API) based on your settings on the third party social network, mobile device or platform. Your acknowledgment commences when you connect with the third party network, platform or service via the Services, and/or when you connect with the Services, or “accept” or “allow” (or similar terms) the Services to access your information through a social network, mobile device or other third party platform or service. Murka may also collect or receive information about you from other Service users who choose to upload their email contacts. This information will be stored by Murka and used primarily to help you and your friends connect. If you play Murka’s games on your mobile device, in addition to your device identifiers, we may also collect:
the name you have associated with your device;
your telephone number;
your country;
your specific geolocation;
your mobile contacts;
information about Murka and other third-party apps you have on your device.
If you want to remove your contacts stored by us, follow the instructions provided in the game to request that we remove them from our systems. If you need to enter a password to allow us to access your address book, we will not store that password.
Third Party Service Providers
Murka may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate its Services, to provide the Services on its behalf, to perform tasks (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Services, etc.), or to assist Murka in analyzing how its Services are used. From time to time, Murka employs third party contractors to collect personal data on its behalf to provide email delivery, product, prize or promotional fulfillment, contest administration, or other services through the Service. When requesting these services, you may be asked to supply your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address to its contractors. Murka may ask some third-party contractors, such as credit agencies, data analytics or market research firms, to supplement the personal data that you provide to Murka for its own marketing and demographic studies, so that Murka can consistently improve its sites and related advertising to better meet its visitors' needs and preferences. To enrich its understanding of individual customers, Murka may tie this information to the information you provide to it. If you access our Services from a third-party application or connect our Services to a third-party application, you should also read that third-party application’s terms of service and privacy policy.
Message Boards and Chat Rooms
Note that certain information you post and communicate through the Services or a third party site or service is public information for which you have no expectation of privacy. You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to Murka sites or Services or in its chat rooms, blogs, message boards, user “profiles” for public view, or in similar forums on its sites through mobile services and/or through third party sites or services. Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. Please see Murka’s Terms of Service or the Application End User License Agreement at Terms of Service (as applicable) on this point, and for other guidelines about posting content through any Service.
Information You Generate Using Our Communication Channels
You may be able to take part in certain activities on our Services that let you communicate or share information not just with Murka, but also with other Murka’s players. These include:
participating in player forums and message boards;
posting public comments to other players' profiles or gameboards;
sending private messages or invitations to other players, either directly on our websites or to their e-mail accounts;
chatting with other players;
You acknowledge that we may access in real-time, record, remove and/or store archives of these communications, comments, photos and drawings on Murka's servers to make use of them to protect the safety and well-being of our players and Murka's rights and property in connection with Murka’s Services; to conduct research; to operate, improve, personalize and optimize our Services and our players' experiences, including through the use of analytics; and to manage and deliver contextual advertising.
Browser Use
Note that in the ordinary course of Internet activity, certain information may be sent from your browser to third parties such as advertising networks and analytics companies. Murka has no control over the information sent from your browser to those networks or other third parties and recommends that you ensure that your browser settings prevent the disclosure of information you would not like to share.
Reasons We Share Personal Data
We share your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. When you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share the payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. In addition, we share personal data among Murka-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described “Third Party Service Providers” section. For example, companies we have hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. Additionally, Murka may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal data, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. In the event that Murka undergoes a business transition, like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part its assets (like selling a game), we may transfer all of your information, including personal data, to the successor organization in the transition. We will make reasonable efforts to let you and other players know of the business transition before transferring your personal data. Finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to:
comply with applicable law or respond to a valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies;
protect our customers, for example to prevent spam or attempts to defraud users of our products, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone;
operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks;
establish, exercise or defend legal rights and claims.
Please note that some of our products include links to products of third parties whose privacy practices differ from Murka's. If you provide personal data to any of those products, your data is governed by their privacy statements.
Your Consent
Where personal data is processed on the basis of your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us or otherwise using other mechanisms provided to you. The effect of withdrawing your consent will be that your information will no longer be used for the purpose which was previously based on consent. Withdrawing your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing carried out prior to the withdrawal of your consent.
Friends and Other Players
The Services support and often encourage you to interact with other players. If you play through a social network or register through a social network, your social network friends will see your name, profile photo and descriptions of your game activity. Similarly, other players, regardless of whether they are your social network friends or not, will be able to see descriptions of your game activity, communicate with you within our Services, and view your game profile, which may include your name or a “game name” and your profile photo. Other players may also be able to send you game requests or even friend requests.
Third Party Advertising Including Tailored Advertising and Analytics
We do not actively share personal data with third party advertisers for their direct marketing purposes unless we notify you to the contrary prior to such disclosure. When advertisers or ad networks place ads in our Services, they may collect or we may share the following types of information from within our Services:
performance data (e.g. number of clicks on an advertisement);
information about you and other players collectively that is not intended to specifically identify you (like players between the ages of 25 and 30 living in Los Angeles);
certain technical information (for example, IP addresses);
your social network ID;
and other contextual data about your game play (for instance, your level). The information collected may be used to:
offer targeted advertising (behavioural advertising), and/or
undertake web analytics. Advertisers or ad networks may collect this information through the use of tracking technologies like browser cookies and web beacons, and they may use a single tracking technology or multiple tracking technologies at the same time. Please note, after clicking on a third party advertisement, you may no longer be on a site hosted by Murka or the social network through which you are playing Murka’s games. If you do not want to receive tailored in-application advertisements from third parties, please see "Your rights" section.
Third Parties Operating Under Their Own Policies
We may share collected information with third parties operating under their own policies for the purposes of developing and delivering our Services, displaying advertisements, conducting analysis or research and for measuring advertising campaign performance.
For example, some of Murka’s games or applications may be made with Unity software and/or using Unity services. If that is the case, Unity may access and operate information about you and your use of our Services (e.g. “Monetization Services Data” as it is defined in the Unity Terms of Monetization Services) as contemplated in the terms and conditions for Unity services (available at
https://unity3d.com/legal
) and as set out in the Unity Privacy Policy (available at
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
). Please review terms and conditions for Unity services and Unity Privacy Policy to learn more about its data processing practices, use of cookies, opt-out instructions for their services and other similar procedures.
Also some of our applications may use Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an online survey platform, through which,   anyone may conduct surveys.   Pollfish collaborates with   Publishers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them.   When a user connects to this app, a  specific set of user’s device data (including Advertising ID, Device ID, other available electronic identifiers and further response meta-data is automatically sent, via our app, to Pollfish servers, in order forPollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey. For a full list of data received by Pollfish through this app,   please read carefully the   Pollfish respondent terms located at
https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent
. These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires whenever Pollfish sends such questionnaires to eligible users. Pollfishmay share such data with third parties,   clients and business partners,   for commercial purposes. By downloading the application, you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by   Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by visiting the following link
https://www.pollfish.com/respondent/opt-out
.  We once more invite you to check the Pollfish respondent’s terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works and with whom Pollfish may further share your data.
Also some of our applications may use RTB House technology. Please review RTB House privacy policy available at
https://www.rtbhouse.com/privacy-center/services-privacy-policy/
to learn more about its data processing practices.
We may work with AppLovin to deliver ads in our mobile applications. For more information about AppLovin’s collection and use of your information visit:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Some of our applications may also use Yahoo technologies, such as Yahoo Code which means Yahoo pixel or other code on our websites or mobile apps and/or custom audiences to enable analytical, optimization, retargeting, and other tools available. For more information, please follow the links:
https://legal.yahoo.com/ie/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html
and/or
https://legal.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html
Your Rights
Subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent on the legal basis which we rely upon for the relevant processing activity (see “How Murka Uses Your Information” section), you have certain rights in relation to your personal data. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact Murka at
privacy@murka.com
. In some cases, Murka may ask you to submit additional information (for example, your first name, last name, your social network ID for the social network from which you access our Services, etc.) in order to identify you as the user of Murka’s Services and data subject before responding to your requests. We reserve the right to charge a fee or refuse to comply with a request where permitted by law, for example if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. To the extent permitted by applicable data protection laws, the response period to your request may be extended where necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of the requests.
Access and Correction
You can receive confirmation from us if about whether we are holding personal data about you and can receive access to a copy of the information. You can also correct and complete incorrect information.
Deletion and Restriction
You can request that we temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your personal data or demand the deletion of your personal data (subject to certain exemptions). You can request the deletion of your Account Information by dissociating or removing the Murka application from your social network or third party service account in accordance with the instructions provided by the social network or third party service.
Delete Your App Account
To initiate the deletion of your Google Play’s app account and its associated data, please send a request to
privacy@murka.com
. Ensure that your email contains the subject: “Delete Google Play’s app account” and the following information:
The game for which you wish to delete your Google Play’s app account.
Your complete first and last name.
Your email address (kindly ask you to provide email address linked to your app account).
Your User ID (while this is optional, it will assist us in efficiently verifying your identity and processing your request).
Any additional details you may deem relevant (if applicable).
This comprehensive information will enable us to promptly and accurately address your request.
Please be aware that we can initiate the deletion process only upon receiving all the necessary information and successfully verifying your account. We may reach out to you to gather additional details in order to confirm your email address or verify your identity and account. We will complete your request as soon as possible, adhering to relevant legal timeframes.
To initiate the deletion of your app account on iOS, kindly utilize the in-game functionality designed for this purpose. Please refer to the game's settings for instructions on account deletion.
Once the deletion process is completed, all your game progress, virtual items paid for and/or earned will be removed and not recoverable. We are not required to provide refunds, benefits, or other compensation for unused virtual items if you request deletion of your account.
Data Portability
You have the right to request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service, but only in relation to personal data used on the basis of consent or the performance of a contract (see “How Murka Uses Your Information” section).
Right to Object
You can withdraw your consent at any time and also have the right to object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal data that impacts your rights. Right to complain to supervisory authority You have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection if you have concerns about how we are processing your personal data.
We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first, although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time.
Manage Information We Get from a Third-Party Application
To manage the information Murka receives about you from a third-party application or platform where you play our games, like Facebook, Google, Apple etc. you will need to follow the instructions for the third-party application for updating your information and changing your privacy settings. To review and update information associated with your Murka game profile in certain games, visit the “settings” page in that game. You also can manage some aspects of information collection and use by visiting the “settings” page of your mobile device and reviewing the permissions of each application or “app.” Once Murka receives your information from a third-party application or your mobile device, that information is stored and used by Murka in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You may access and update that information as described herein.
Opting Out of Geolocation
If you have previously allowed us to access your geolocation data, you can stop making geolocation available to us by visiting your mobile device's settings for the relevant application or the “settings” page for the relevant game.
Opting Out of Promotional Emails from Murka
If you want to stop receiving promotional e-mails from Murka, click on the "unsubscribe" link in any promotional email from Murka. Please note that once we receive your request, it may take an additional period of time for your opt-out to become effective.
Opting Out of Other Communications
When you install our apps on your mobile device you can choose to receive push notifications, which are messages an app sends you on your mobile device even when the app is not on. You can turn off notifications by visiting your mobile device’s “settings” page.
Opting Out of Third-Party Tailored Advertising
If you are interested in more information about tailored advertising and your choices to prevent third parties from delivering tailored web and mobile web advertising, you may visit the following websites:
Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out Page
or
the Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Page for U.S.-based advertising
; and
Your Online Choices UK website for EU-based advertising
.
These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Murka. Murka does not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools. In addition, if you do not want to receive tailored in-application advertisements from third parties that relate to your interests in apps on your mobile device, you may opt-out by adjusting the ad tracking settings on your device. You can also reset the “Advertising Identifier” (like an IDFA) from your mobile device’s settings page, which will prevent continued use of existing behavioral data tied to the previous “Advertising Identifier.” Further, depending on the platform provider (such as Apple or Google), you may be able to download apps, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s “AppChoices” app, that offer to provide you with control regarding the collection and use of cross-app data for tailored advertising. Like the opt-out tools mentioned above for web, these mobile opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Murka. Murka does not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools. Please note that you may still receive advertisements from third parties within Murka’s games even if you opt out of tailored advertising but they will not be based on your activity across unrelated web sites or apps.
Opting Out of Cookie Tracking
You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer or limit the type of cookies you allow. Most internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to reject cookies, while you can still use Murka Services, your access to some functionality and areas of our Services may be restricted and you may lose some of the features and functionality of our Services because Murka cookies are necessary to track and enhance your game activities. You can find further information on managing or rejecting cookies for different web-browsers on
www.aboutcookies.org
or the settings of popular Internet browsers:
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Opera
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Safari web
and
iOS
.
Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies and cookie management tools available in a web browser may not remove flash cookies. To learn more about and manage flash cookies you can visit the
Adobe website
and make changes at the
Global Privacy Settings Panel
.
Do Not Track. Currently we do not process or respond to web browsers’ “do not track” signals or other similar transmissions.
Your California Rights
If you are a California resident please review our California Consumer Privacy Act Notice below, which is incorporated as part of this Privacy Policy for California residents only.
Links
The Services may contain links to other websites or applications. The fact that the Services links to a website or application, or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that Murka endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of any affiliation with that third party. If you click on a link to a third-party site or application, including on an advertisement, you will leave the Murka site you are visiting or application you are running, and will go to the site or application linked to. These third party websites and applications may place their own cookies or other files on your computer or mobile device, and may collect data or solicit personal data from you. Other sites and applications follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal data you submit to them. Because Murka cannot control the activities of third parties, it cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personal data by such third parties, and it cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as Murka. You are therefore encouraged to read the privacy policies or statements of other websites and applications you visit before providing any personal data.
Security
Murka has made reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, Murka cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal data for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so Murka discourages you from sending Murka personal data through these media. Data breaches which may pose a risk to individuals will be notified to the DPA (competent data protection authority) within 72 hours, and to affected individuals without undue delay where they pose a high risk to individuals, or otherwise in our discretion.
International Operations and Transfers Out of the EEA
IMPORTANT: When you use Our Services, your data may be transferred outside of the country in which you reside, including to countries outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Murka is part of a global group of companies. Consequently, your personal data may be transferred to and stored in countries where our Affiliates (which means subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures and other corporate entities under common ownership with Murka Games Limited) are based (for example, the British Virgin Islands and the Ukraine), for the purposes of providing you with the Services, or otherwise using your information for the purposes described in “How Murka Uses Your Information” section.
Murka also uses third party suppliers (such as IT service providers, data hosting providers and marketing automation or advertising platforms) based internationally, in particular (but without limitation) in the United States of America. We will take appropriate steps to ensure that transfers of personal data are made in accordance with applicable law and carefully managed to protect your privacy rights and interests. Transfers are limited to countries which are recognized as providing an adequate level of legal protection or where we can be satisfied that alternative arrangement are in place to protect your privacy rights. These include contractual protections approved by the European Commission (or another relevant supervisory authority), or certification schemes such as the EU - US Privacy Shield. You have a right to contact us for more information about the safeguards we have put in place. If we provide you with a copy of a contract under which your personal data is transferred, it may be redacted for reasons of commercial confidentiality If you are a resident in a jurisdiction - which for these purposes does
not
include the EU, EEA or any member state of the EU or EEA - where transfer of your personal data to another jurisdiction requires your consent, then you provide us your express and unambiguous consent to such transfer for us to provide you with our Services.
Children Policy
Unless written otherwise, you may not use our Services if you are under 13 years of age (or under 16 years of age, if you are located in the EEA and Switzerland, or under the age of majority where you are located) (collectively, “Children”), in which case you must not use any of our Services, or submit personal data in the Services or to Murka (for example, your name, address, telephone number, or email address). Murka does not knowingly collect personal data from Children. Children may not register for an account or provide any personal data to Murka. Murka respects the privacy of parents and Children, and is committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). If a parent believes that his or her Child has submitted personal data to Murka, he or she can contact us via email:
privacy@murka.com
If Murka learns that a Child has provided it with personal data, Murka will take steps to delete such information as soon as possible. We recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy of Children, and encourage parents to check and monitor their children's use of online activities regularly. By using our Services, you represent and warrant that you are a person who is over the minimum legal age to consent to the collection and processing of personal data under applicable law where you are located or whose parent or legal guardian have acknowledged and understood our
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
. You agree that you will not knowingly allow any Child to use or access the Services without a parent or legal guardian supervising him or her.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an e-mail to
privacy@murka.com
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Cyprus. Disputes arising in connection with this Privacy Policy shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cyprus Courts although Murka retains the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of this Privacy Policy in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
The Oval
Street Krinou, 3
Agios Athanasios Municipality, Limassol, 4103 Cyprus
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
Effective January 1, 2020
Last amended July 1, 2020
Scope of Notice
This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice ("Notice") supplements the information contained in our
Privacy Policy
. The provisions contained in this Notice provide additional information to our
Privacy Policy
about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of our users ("consumers", "players" or "you") who are individual residents of the State of California, either online or offline, within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"). For such consumers, provisions of this Notice supersede any other possibly divergent or conflicting provisions contained in our
Privacy Policy
.
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in this Notice have the same meaning as defined in our
Privacy Policy
or as otherwise defined in the CCPA. This Notice is in compliance with the CCPA.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
"Personal Information" in this Notice, as in the CCPA, refers to any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a certain consumer or household.
In particular, the following categories of Personal Information we collected within the last twelve (12) months, the sources of collection, and the business purposes for collection are indicated in the list below.
Category of Personal Information
Categories of Sources
Identifiers
, such as name, account name, device ID, email address, IP address, online identifiers etc.
Players
Players' Devices
Service Providers including Internet Service Providers, Data Analytics Providers, Advertising Networks, Operating Systems and Platforms
Social Networks
California Customer Records
(Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e)) such as address, name, telephone number.
Players
Service Providers
Social Networks
Protected Classification Characteristics
, such as age and gender.
Players
Service Providers
Social Networks
Commercial Information
, such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Players
Service Providers including Data Analytics Providers, Operating Systems and Platforms
Social Networks
Internet/Network Information
, such as website or application or advertisement browsing history, information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Players
Players' Devices
Service Providers including Internet Service Providers, Data Analytics Providers, Advertising Networks, Operating Systems and Platforms
Geolocation Data
, IP address, device shared location, and Wi-Fi connection location.
Players
Players' Devices
Service Providers including Internet Service Providers, Data Analytics Providers, Advertising Networks, Operating Systems and Platforms
Inferences
such as derivation of information, data, assumptions, or conclusions from any of the above categories of personal information..
Players
Players' Devices
Service Providers including Internet Service Providers, Data Analytics Providers, Advertising Networks, Operating Systems and Platforms
Social Networks
We may use and/or disclose the Personal Information we collect for one or more of the following business or commercial purposes:
Customer service
Payments processing
Operate our business and games
Internal analytics and reporting
Customer support
Internal research
Game mechanics or functionality
Facilitate players' social interactions
Debugging existing intended functionality
Product development/improvement
Maintaining and enhancing service
Auditing Player interaction & transactions
Marketing, including direct marketing (email, etc.)
Advertising
Detecting/Protecting against security events
Player acquisition.
Disclosure of Personal Information
In the last twelve (12) months we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers, California Customer Records (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e)), Protected Classification Characteristics, Commercial Information, Internet/Network Information, Geolocation Data, Inferences.
As described in the
Privacy Policy
, we share Personal Information within Murka group of companies and with a variety of recipients for business and commercial purposes. In addition to the categories of recipients identified in the
Privacy Policy
, we disclose Personal Information to, or allow access to Personal Information by, the following categories of recipients:
Customer Service Vendors;
Cloud Storage Providers;
Payment and Auditing Processors;
Security Safety Vendors and Service Providers;
Social Media Services;
Advertising and Marketing Partners.
We also may share Personal Information with your social network friends and other users, and successor organization in the transition of Murka’s sale, merger, acquisition, etc.
Murka does not "sell" Personal Information about our players as most people would typically understand that term. However, we may allow certain third-party advertising partners to collect information about consumers through our games and our website for purposes of serving ads that are more relevant, for ad campaign measurement and analytics, and for ad fraud detection and reporting. To the extent this practice may be interpreted to constitute a "sale" under the CCPA, please see our Opt-Out section below for more information (Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information – Do Not Sell My Info)
Online Advertising
The following describes the categories of Personal Information we may sell for business purposes. These are also the categories of information we might have sold in the past twelve (12) months.
When we serve you personalized video ads, we may sell identifiers such as resettable identifiers provided by your mobile device’s operating system with ad networks, social media companies and other third-party businesses in the ad ecosystem. The typical resettable advertising IDs are GAID (Android) and IDFA (Apple) and they are considered Personal Information under the CCPA. These third parties may use your Personal Information:
to serve relevant ads on our site, on other websites or mobile apps, or on other devices a player may use;
to personalize content; and
to perform other advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research.
These third parties may use this Personal Information for their own commercial purposes in accordance with their own privacy policies, which may include providing this information to additional third parties, including other advertising networks.
Financial Incentives
In each of the following financial incentives, which we offer on some, but not all games, we may grant you virtual currency or other virtual items across the variety of our games that you play. Such items and currency are virtual and have no monetary or cash value and cannot be used outside of the applicable game. For further details, refer to section “Virtual Items” of the
Terms of Service
.
Financial Incentive
Categories of Personal Information Collected
How to Opt-In to the Financial Incentive
In-game ads
Identifiers, Internet or other electronic network activity information, Commercial information, Location Data, Inferences drawn
Watch in-game video ads that may be presented to you
Facebook connect or Sign in with Apple
Identifiers, Internet or other electronic network activity information, Commercial information, Location Data, Inferences drawn
Connect to our games through Facebook account or Apple ID
Mailing list
Identifiers, such as email address
Subscribe to our mailing list or share with us your email address
You have a right to withdraw from the financial incentive at any time. For example, you may choose not to watch in-game advertisements or disconnect Facebook account or Apple ID through user settings. Also you may submit a consumer request as described below.
Your California Privacy Rights
Right to Know
You have the right to request the disclosure of certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the twelve (12) months preceding your request. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting Personal Information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share, sell Personal Information, if any; and
The specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.
Right to Deletion
Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:
Delete your Personal Information from our records; and
Direct any service providers to delete your Personal Information from their records.
Please note that we may not delete your Personal Information if it is necessary to:
Complete the transaction for which the Personal Information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with an existing legal obligation; or
Otherwise use your Personal Information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information – Do Not Sell My Info
You have the right to opt-out of sale of your Personal Information. As described above we do not "sell" Personal Information about our players as most people would typically understand that term. But given that some practices may be interpreted to constitute a "sale" under the CCPA, you have the rights as described below.
To exercise your right to opt-out, please submit a request by clicking the following link:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
or by contacting us at
privacy@murka.com
.
Once you make an opt-out request, you may change your mind and revoke your opt-out request any time by contacting us at
privacy@murka.com
.
If you do not want to receive interest-based in-application advertisements on your mobile device, you may adjust the ad tracking settings on your device (such as turning on “Limit Ad Tracking”). You can also reset the “Advertising Identifier” (such as an IDFA) from your mobile device’s settings page, which will prevent continued use of existing behavioral data tied to your previous “Advertising Identifier.” To Limit Ad tracking on iOS Devices please follow the link
Limit Ad Tracking
. To opt out of personalized ads on Android devices follow the link
Opt-out of Personalized Ads
.
To prevent third parties from delivering tailored web and mobile web advertising, you may also visit the opt-out tools provided by the
Network Advertising Alliance
and the
Digital Advertising Alliance
, or download apps, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s “AppChoices” app, that offer to provide you with controls regarding the collection and use of cross-app data for behavioral advertising.
These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Murka. Murka does not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of Your Privacy Rights
You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you exercised any of your rights under the CCPA. This means we cannot, among other things:
Deny goods or services to you;
Charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
Provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you; or
Suggest that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Please note that we may charge a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of goods and/or services to you, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to our business by your Personal Information.
Right to Designate an Authorized Agent to Submit CCPA Requests on Your Behalf
You may also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf. To do so, you need to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so and the agent will need to submit to us proof that they have been authorized by you. We will also require that you verify your own identity, as explained below.
How to Exercise Your Rights under CCPA
You may make a verifiable consumer request to exercise your right to know and right to deletion under the CCPA by:
contacting us at
privacy@murka.com
with the subject line "California Rights Request"; or
submitting your request via Support or Contact us section within the game.
The verifiable consumer request must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative; and
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We will verify your request by attempting to match two or three identifying pieces of information you provide us in connection with the request you make, to Personal Information we already maintain about you. We may ask to verify your request through the account's existing authentication methods (if applicable). We will take all reasonable precautions to verify your identity in connection with fulfilling our responsibilities under the CCPA. We will evaluate each request based on the individual submitting the request and the category of information related to the request. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm Personal Information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. Although we try to limit the Personal Information collected in connection with a request to exercise the right to know and the right to deletion to that Personal Information, certain requests may require us to obtain additional Personal Information from you. We may use verification by email or other methods to verify your identity and request.
We will confirm receipt of your verifiable request within ten (10) business days and provide information about how we will process your request. We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) calendar days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the verifiable consumer request receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Minors Under Age 16
We do not sell Personal Information of players we know to be less than sixteen (16) years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "Right to Opt-In") from either the minor who is between thirteen (13) and sixteen (16) years of age, or the parent or guardian of a minor less than thirteen (13) years of age.
Shine the Light
You may request information once per calendar year about our disclosures of certain categories of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to us using the methods described above.
Updates
We may update this Notice from time to time. When we make changes to this Notice, we will change the date at the beginning of this Notice. If we make material changes to this Notice, we may notify you by email to your registered email address, by prominent posting on our online services, or through other relevant communication channels. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided in the notification. You are responsible for periodically checking this Notice for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this Notice, our
Privacy Policy
and/or practices, please send an e-mail to
privacy@murka.com
. For all other matters, please contact our support.
This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of most common browsers.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.safecharge.com/privacy-policy/:
Subscribe now
Stay informed with Nuvei’s updates on payments, innovations, and strategies to accelerate your business.
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Skip Navigation
Nuvei Homepage
Solutions
PAYMENTS
Pay-ins
Omnichannel payment solutions
Payouts
Fast & efficient funds disbursements
Global acquiring
International payment acceptance
Bank transfers
Reliable bank-to-bank transactions
Real-time payments
Instantaneous transaction processing
Nuvei for Platforms
Seamless payment system integration
Alternative payment methods
Over 700 diverse payment options
Revenue accelerators
Authorization optimization
Maximize transaction approvals
Fraud & risk management
Minimize threats & safeguard data
Chargeback resolution
Efficient dispute & refund handling
Currency management
Manage global currency exchange
Reconciliation management
Automate payment reconciliation
Supporting services
Integration options
Flexible & vast connectivity solutions
Issuing
Physical or virtual payment cards
Banking services
Embedded finance & digital banking
Analytics dashboard
Actionable data & metrics
Crypto & digital assets
Blockchain payment technologies
Payment orchestration
Control & manage the payment process
Use Cases
Global Commerce
Online retail
Ecommerce payment solutions
Travel & mobility
Payments for travel-related services
Marketplaces
Facilitate secure payments between users
Online gaming
Payments for online & mobile games
Financial services
Payment solutions for finance
Crypto platforms & exchanges
Blockchain payment technologies
Digital content & subscriptions
Recurring payment management
Video gaming
Monetization solutions for games
Vertical Software
Business to business
B2B payment facilitation
Government
Public sector payment solutions
Independent software vendors
Software integration payments
SMB
Small & medium sized businesses
SMB tailored payment solutions
Developers
Developer tools
Simplify the integration process
API references docs
Technical API documentation
Documentation center
Guides & resources for developers
Partners
Partner with us
Explore partnership opportunities
Partner DNA
Discover our partnership philosophy
Partner products & solutions
Technology & services for partners
Partner tools & support
Dedicated resources & assistance
About Us
Who we are
Learn about our company
Case studies
Our success stories & achievements
Newsroom
Press releases and latest news
Careers
Join our team & advance your career
Blog
Insights & updates from our experts
Interviews & webinars
Thought leadership & industry insights
Get in touch
Merchants / sales
Contact sales & explore services
Partners
Connect for partnership opportunities
Developers
Developer support & technical queries
Resources & Support
Customer support
Assistance for payment queries
Merchant resources
Guides & tips for merchants
Industry reports
Insights & trends in payments
Solutions
Use cases
Developers
Partners
About us
Resources & support
EN
FR
ES
IT
DE
PT (BR)
中文 (简体)
日本語
Contact us
Login
Contact us
english
Français
Español
italiano
Deutsch
Português
中文 (简体)
日本語
Clear
Choose an option
All results
0
Solutions & platform
0
News
0
Articles & insights
0
Regulatory & compliance 0
General info
0
Solutions & platform
0
News
0
Articles & insights
0
Regulatory & compliance
0
Canada bank transfer
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
canada-bank-transfer
Unlock seamless financial transactions with Interac and Instant Bank Transfer. Enjoy rapid, secure payments anytime, anywhere.
Simplify, accelerate, and secure your payments with the power of Canada Bank Transfer
Enjoy effortless and rapid transactions online or via phone, with instant payment options for quick fund movement. With robust security and customizable fraud prevention, our reliable solutions offer comprehensive, transparent reporting for your convenience.
Simple, flexible online bank payments
Supercharge your business by easily integrating Interac into your payment system. Experience lightning-fast payments through direct account-to-account transfers.
Join forces with the robust interbank network of Canadian financial institutions, processing billions of transactions annually.
A fast and secure way to transfer money between private and business accounts
Interac solutions seamlessly power transactions across the nation's leading financial institutions and are universally accepted at over half a million locations
Move funds quickly with faster and instant payment options
Cost-effective alternative to credit cards
Unify features through a single integration
Your ultimate instant bank transfer solution
Discover Instant Bank Transfer (IBT), your ultimate solution for secure and seamless payment verification in Canada.
IBT streamlines deposit and withdrawal processes while ensuring top-notch identity verification. Trust in IBT's cutting-edge risk management technology to safeguard your transactions and provide a hassle-free experience.
Boost conversion with a fast, secure mobile experience
Seamless user experience with Xpress 1-click payments
Easy and fast deposits for ultimate convenience
Enjoy higher transaction limits, up to $100,000
Cutting-edge risk management for enhanced security
Frictionless flows and instant payments
Customers and businesses can make and receive payments instantly, in a matter of seconds.
Benefit from enhanced conversion rates, an improved user path offering a smooth, and mobile-centric customer journey.
Instant payments for customers and businesses in seconds
Enhanced conversion rates with a smooth mobile user journey
Lower payment processing costs by bypassing card network charges
UK bank transfer
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
uk-bank-transfer
Unlock seamless financial transactions with Faster Payments and Pay with Bank Transfer. Enjoy rapid, secure payments anytime, anywhere.
Simplify, accelerate, and secure your payments with the power of UK Bank Transfer
Enjoy effortless and rapid transactions online or via phone, with instant payment options for quick fund movement. With robust security and customizable fraud prevention, our reliable solutions offer comprehensive, transparent reporting for your convenience.
Simple, flexible online bank payments
Experience instant money transfers, bypass card network limitations, and harness the power of trusted banking connections.
Save time and money with processing through the Faster Payments network while offering a reliable and affordable alternative to credit cards.
Swift and secure transactions between UK bank accounts
24/7 accessibility for uninterrupted financial transactions
Real-time money transfers for a delay-free payment experience
Enjoy the convenience of a generous £1,000,000 per transaction limit
Cost-effective alternative to credit cards
Unify features through a single integration
Secure, direct bank payments for effortless transactions
Enjoy secure, hassle-free payments directly from your bank account with Pay with Bank transfer, powered by American Express but accessible to all.
Boost conversion with a fast, secure mobile experience
Enhanced security with bank authentication, no shared payment details
Broadly accepted, not limited to AMEX, for UK bank users
Low-cost, simple fee structure with easy reconciliation
Frictionless flows and instant payments
Customers and businesses can make and receive payments instantly, in a matter of seconds.
Benefit from enhanced conversion rates, an improved user path offering a smooth, and mobile-centric customer journey.
Instant payments for customers and businesses in seconds
Enhanced conversion rates with a smooth mobile user journey
Lower payment processing costs by bypassing card network charges
EU bank transfer
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
eu-bank-transfer
Unlock seamless financial transactions with SEPA and SEPA Instant Credit Transfer. Enjoy rapid, secure payments anytime, anywhere.
Simplify, accelerate, and secure your payments with EU Bank Transfer
Enjoy effortless and rapid transactions online or via phone, with instant payment options for quick fund movement. With robust security and customizable fraud prevention, our reliable solutions offer comprehensive, transparent reporting for your convenience.
Fast, reliable online bank payments
SEPA (Single Euro Payments Area) transforms E.U. cashless transactions, offering rapid euro transfers, 24/7, and near-instant processing for all participants.
With a single integration, supercharge your operations, fulfill orders faster, and boost cash flow with lightning-fast, real-time payments. Providing customers with unparalleled convenience, no matter where they are.
Instant payments are the closest substitute to cash: the transfer of money is immediate
24/7/365 accessibility for uninterrupted financial transactions
Real-time money transfers for a delay-free payment experience
Reduce payment processing costs by cutting out fees from card schemes
Enjoy higher transaction limits, up to €100,000
Bypass card network limits for maximum payment flexibility
Customers and businesses can make and receive payments in a matter of seconds using their trusted bank relationships.
Enhanced conversion rates, an improved user path offering a smooth, mobile-centric customer journey. Decreased payment processing expenses by eliminating charges associated with card networks.
Consumers and merchants can pay and get paid instantly, within seconds
Higher conversion rates, a better user journey providing a seamless, customer experience
Reduce payment processing costs by cutting out fees from card schemes
Customer authentication and zero chargeback guarantee
Safeguard your business with highly secure bank transfers
Protect your customers' data and prevent fraud. Say goodbye to chargebacks with our guaranteed solution.
Consumers and merchants can pay and get paid instantly, within seconds
Chargeback guarantee solution available
Conveniently access comprehensive, consolidated reporting
U.S. bank transfer
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
us-bank-transfer
Discover Nuvei's U.S. Bank Transfer services for seamless, rapid, and secure payments. Leverage ACH, RTP, and FedNow networks for flexible money transfers.
Simplify, accelerate, and secure your payments with U.S. Bank Transfer
Enjoy effortless transactions, instant payment options, and transparent reporting. Protect your business with our Assured Funds guarantee.
‍
Simple, flexible ACH payments
Empower your customers with a cost-effective, convenient payment solution. Debit funds directly from bank accounts for single or repeat transactions.
Save time and money with processing via Automated Clearing House (ACH), Real-time Payments (RTP®), and FedNow.
Simplify payments for clients with a seamless checkout
Streamline banking information entry - no physical card is needed
Secure digital enrollment for swift, authenticated payments
Process one-time or recurring transactions effortlessly
Economical alternative to credit and debit cards
Protection for your business, guaranteed
Mitigate payment risks effectively with Nuvei's Assured Funds, an insurance solution designed to protect businesses from potential losses caused by unauthorized, returned payments.
Assured Essential
Ensures protection against unpaid transactions and fraud. We assume the risk and handle collections, letting you focus on business.
Assured Complete
Guarantees funds on all returns, including unauthorized returns. Rapid merchant funding accelerates settlement and payment.
Instantly validate accounts for secure, timely payments
Prevent fraud and reduce returns with smart approval logic. We offer three validation levels for your unique business needs.
Basic
Enhanced security, real-time validation, and commercially reasonable bank account validation.
Enhanced
Powerful add-on that offers a deeper level of validation and greater fraud prevention.
Premier
Reduces administrative and NSF returns by providing the latest status of customer bank accounts.
Process paper checks electronically
Check 21+ is a cutting-edge payment solution that allows merchants to process paper checks electronically.
With this innovative technology, merchants can say goodbye to time-consuming trips to the bank and hello to faster, safer processing.
Enjoy higher checks limits and fewer limitations
Avoid ACH restrictions
Eliminate risk with guaranteed protection
Accept checks in person, by mail, or at a drop box location
Retrieve payments quickly with electronic deposits
Issuing
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
issuing
Discover Nuvei's seamless issuing payment solutions, including customizable physical and virtual cards, unified acquiring and issuing, and data-driven insights.
Small changes, significant impact
Just like a finely tuned race car, every marginal improvement in your payment processes can lead to big growth. Maximize your approval rates and revenue with Nuvei's issuing solution.
Turbocharge your brand
Elevate your brand with Nuvei’s customizable physical cards.
Put your brand in your customers’ wallets and give them ability to pay with your card for their day-to-day expenses.
Tailor cards and wallets to reflect your brand's identity, including logo and colors
Enable seamless and secure transactions across online, in-store, and in-app purchases
Create a consistent and convenient customer experience for repeat customers
Accelerate your transactions with virtual cards
Streamline vendor payments swiftly and cost-effectively with Nuvei’s virtual card.
Combine card issuing with acquiring and settlement accounts, all on one platform.
Easily generate single-use or multi-use virtual cards tailored to your needs, providing flexibility and control
Effortlessly manage single or batch card formats to scale your operations efficiently
Utilize our APIs for full automation and seamless integration of your card-issuing processes
Empower consumer and business payments with our versatile virtual cards
Race ahead of the competition
Optimize your cash flow with the precision of a pit crew, supporting your business to lap the competition.
Unlike other card issuers, Nuvei’s unified payments platform bridges your acquiring and card issuing, ensuring funds flow seamlessly across your business without any delays.
Experience effortless fund transfers between acquiring and issuing operations
Optimize your cash flow and reduce operational friction
Accelerate your payment processes with a streamlined, all-in-one solution
Fuel your growth with precision
Maximize your revenue and make informed business decisions with Nuvei's data-driven insights.
Nuvei’s powerful reporting technology allows you to see holistic payments data and detailed transaction information—all on a single platform.
Take advantage of shared interchange opportunities to boost your revenue.
Gain valuable, actionable insights from your issuing and acquiring operations to make informed business decisions
Navigate complex data to act upon critical business insights
Gain the winning edge with industry-specific payment solutions
Propel your business to the front of the pack with Nuvei's custom tailored payments.
Our issuing solution enables you to benefit from simpler, faster customer payouts, innovative accounts payable features, and streamlined B2B travel.
Disburse funds, such as winnings, to white-labeled physical or virtual cards, enhancing loyalty and engagement
Enable online travel agents to generate virtual cards for paying airlines and hotels, simplifying transactions
Generate virtual cards to pay suppliers, simplifying complex payment ecosystems and reducing fraud
Analytics dashboard
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
analytics-dashboard
Drive smarter decisions with Nuvei's Analytics Dashboard. Access holistic payment data and detailed transaction insights on a single platform for improved business outcomes.
One platform. Actionable analytics
Integrate with our global data hub to maximize potential revenue. Automate data and report distribution to optimize your transactions.
‍
Transparent data on demand
Access your payment activities and manage your merchant account data across all channels. Deep-dive into analytics, including traffic optimization, leading to higher approval rates and revenues
Real-time reports, processing comparisons, and case management all help identify opportunities to increase revenue and reduce lost sales.
Unparalleled transparency in your payments data
Turn large volumes of complex data into clear, actionable insights
Unified, dynamic reporting for all your transaction activity
Approve and block fraudulent transactions through our enhanced verification flow
Automatically schedule reports for export
Say no to lost revenue
Convert more payment transactions through data-driven rules and innovative routing powered by advanced analytics.
Run reports and optimize payments from one central dashboard.
Set custom rules for payment methods to present upon declines
Maximize conversion for hosted check out
Leverage Nuvei’s agnostic connectivity with multiple acquirers, banks and payment providers
Reduced revenue leakage
We grow and scale with your business
Designed to scale with your business, Nuvei’s Control Panel is ideal for accommodating growth and evolving requirements without loss of performance.
With robust security built in, rest assured sensitive business and customer data is protected.
Effortlessly adapts to business growth and expansion
Supports increasing data volumes and user demands without performance loss
Strong security protocols to protect business and customer data
Robust user access controls to prevent unauthorized data access
Create better customer journeys
Smooth our your customer journey with intelligent exemption selections.
Our proprietary and powerful engine identifies the exemption types most likely to gain approval, ensuring a hassle-free experience for your customers.
Customizable control for your specific business use cases
Optimal risk management to ensure customer satisfaction
Universal compatibility, designed to be acquirer agnostic
Uniting consulting and technology
Increase revenue, plus save time and money by automating your data streams. Get more control over fees, deposits, withdrawals, account balances and chargebacks.
Plus, get timely, meaningful information that allows you to stay ahead of the competition. For wherever business takes you next.
Unparalleled transparency into your payments data
Real-time merchant transaction information across all channels
Increased engagement with client segments that drive higher revenue
Easy-to-navigate, dashboard or deep-dive analytics
Real-time payments
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
real-time-payments
Boost your business with Nuvei's real-time payments. Experience seamless, instant transaction processing to enhance cash flow and stay compliant with secure payment solutions.
Elevate your business offering with faster, more secure pay-ins and payouts
Enjoy quick, effortless transactions online or by phone, backed by our customizable fraud prevention and assured funds guarantee. Benefit from clear, detailed reporting for complete transparency.
‍
Lightning-fast funds without delay
Why wait? Experience lightning-fast fund transfers with our instant payment solutions. Streamline your financial operations with ease and speed and delight your customers.
Move funds quickly with faster and instant payment solutions
Instantly validate accounts and ensure timely, effective payments
Added flexibility to meet your fast-paced business needs
Setup can be done quickly and easily to ensure rapid compliance
Full integration support so that you can rest easy
Leverage real-time global payments
Harness the power of instant, real-time payments with our global network of providers. Our expansive reach offers unparalleled bank and country coverage, keeping you at the forefront of the financial world.
Boost your revenue and provide exceptional convenience to customers worldwide, facilitating growth at the speed of now.
Bank Transfers: Real-time Payments (RTP®) and FedNow in the US, SEPA Instant in the EU, Faster Payments and Amex’s Pay with Bank Transfer in the UK, plus Interac® Instant for Canadian transactions
Visa Direct & Mastercard Send: offering instant payment capabilities with secure money transfers, across various global banks and payment networks
EWallets: including PayPal, Neteller, Skrill, Pay4Fun, EcoPayz, Much Better, and more for virtually instant payments and minimal processing fees
Provide a seamless customer checkout experience
Embrace a world where intricate transaction processes are replaced by a streamlined, intuitive experience.
This shift promises not only higher conversion rates but also reduced processing costs, and a fortified security environment.
Efficient and secure, balancing protection and ease of use
Integrated simplicity, to make every checkout seamless
Extensive network access connects you to a wide array of banks and financial institutions
Frictionless bank login and payment process for faster transactions
Fast and dependable, transfer funds with remarkable speed and reliability
Bank transfers
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
bank-transfers
Experience cost-efficient, reliable, and fast bank transfers with Nuvei. Streamline your payment processing, elevate customer satisfaction, and boost conversion rates globally.
Gain a competitive edge with faster payments and settlement, flexibility and security
Meet the fast-paced needs of your organization with our rapid and instant payment options that pave the way for growth. Our Open Banking Technology and vast global partnerships offer a competitive edge. Every major market and network, all through a single integration.
Provide a seamless customer experience
Our bank transfer solutions give your customers the advantage of paying with their banking information, all within your regular checkout experience.
Say goodbye to confusing transaction flows and hello to higher conversion rates, lower processing costs, and enhanced security.
Simple, secure and flexible solution
Single integration into your checkout experience
Access to the major banks and financial institutions
Frictionless, seamless bank login and payment
Funds transfer is quick and reliable
Enhance consumer choice and convenience
Our bank transfer solutions are designed with your customers' preferences in mind, offering them a broader range of payment options that cater to their diverse needs.
This not only simplifies transactions but also broadens your appeal to a wider audience, including those who prefer not to use credit cards or seek alternatives to traditional payment methods.
Enable customer bank choice at checkout
No additional sign-ups to deter purchases
Real-time options for faster payments
Guaranteed and non-guaranteed models
Support for all major customer banks
Secure your payments with unmatched protection
Step into a realm of unparalleled security with our zero chargeback solutions, designed to safeguard your business against fraud while securing your customers' sensitive data.
Our guaranteed solution assures that once a payment is made, it cannot be reversed by the payer. Unlike credit card payments which can be disputed by the cardholder, we make chargebacks a thing of the past.
Peace of mind built into every transaction
Historical checks and intelligent approval system minimizes potential returns
Customizable security measures for fraud prevention tailored to your needs
Comprehensive, consolidated reporting, crafted for your ease
Reduce customer costs to increase profits and loyalty
Offer your customers a seamless payment experience while enjoying the benefits of lower processing fees compared to traditional credit card transactions.
This cost-effective solution not only makes payments more affordable but also enhances operational efficiency, allowing you to invest more in growing your business.
Lower per-transaction processing fees
Minimal chargeback fees and risks
Reduced interchange and network fees
Direct bank-to-bank transaction savings
Quicker access to your revenue
Unlock growth with our global banking network
Get unmatched country and bank coverage with our extensive network of global providers. Stay ahead of the curve and expand your revenue streams. Delight your customers with unparalleled convenience no matter where they are.
‍
U.S. Bank Transfer
‍
Automated Clearing House (ACH), Real-time Payments (RTP
®
), FedNow
EU Bank Transfer
‍
SEPA, SEPA Instant
‍
UK Bank Transfer
Faster Payments, Pay with Bank Transfer
Canada Bank Transfer
‍
Interac
®
Reconciliation management
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
reconciliation-management
Streamline your financial processes with Nuvei's Reconciliation Management. Automate and manage payment reconciliation effortlessly for improved accuracy and efficiency.
Automated and streamlined
With a streamlined process, everything is faster, more accurate and less expensive to manage.
Automated and streamlined transaction management
Automatically match and reconcile your payments across multiple service providers and data sources. We can connect, integrate and monitor any new method.
With a streamlined process, everything is faster, more accurate and less expensive to manage.
Save revenue that would otherwise be lost to mismatches, reconciliation errors and incorrect fees
Get a clear overview of your finances and ensure that your revenue is exactly where it should be
All credit cards and over 700 alternative payment methods are supported
Totally managed solution to save time and money
Nuvei Reconciliation Manager+ takes care of the entire process all the way from implementation to updates, and reporting.
Save more time, reduce customer support tickets, spot technical issues and save more money.
Set up taken care of by a dedicated Account Manager
Eliminate complexity and bookkeeping errors
Recover lost revenue easier than ever
Control processing fees across providers
Payment orchestration
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
payment-orchestration
Master your payment operations with Nuvei's Payment Orchestration. Streamline and manage complex payment flows with our comprehensive tools for maximum control and insight.
Achieve best-in-class performance through one dashboard
Control and manage the entire payment process for optimal performance, sales and revenue.
Simple-to-use orchestration hub
Optimize and control your payment experience through the Control Panel of the Payment Orchestration hub.
Manage settings that can boost acceptance rates, increase security and reduce declines or capture more revenue.
Configure, manage and personalize routing parameters
Manage online exemptions to maximize authorizations and optimize approval rates
Set limits and manage authentication to increase conversions and eliminate fraud
Set custom rules fueled with business insights to ensure maximum conversions
Risk analysis allows for strategic adjustments and personalization to stop chargebacks
Maximize acceptance rates
Boost your transaction approval and authorization rates by managing online exemption submissions.
More detailed data points mean more authorizations, better security, and a personalized, seamless experience for your customers.
Descope PSD2 compliance
Prevent fraud
Manage risk
Rescue revenue from declined transactions
Convert more payments by avoiding declined transactions. From one dashboard, you can set and manage data-driven rules.
Advanced analytics power innovative transaction routing.
Set custom rules based on your business insights for when payments are declined
Maximize conversion for hosted check out
Control and reporting from one central dashboard
Multi-faceted protection
Nuvei chargeback management tools can prevent and eliminate potential chargebacks before they happen - and mitigate the damage of those that do.
Dynamic 3D Secure
3DS exemption management
Verifi Order Insight (Visa)
Verifi Rapid Dispute Resolution (Visa)
Ethoca (Mastercard)
Chargeback representment service
Understandable and actionable data
Keep on top of business performance with a crystal-clear view of your payments data across all channels.
Totally transparent view and dynamic reporting of your payments data
Spot actional insights amongst large volumes of complex data
Understandable analytics, including traffic optimization for higher approval rates and revenues
Block fraudulent transactions with enhanced verification flow
Live your best business life
Sometimes all you need is a nudge in the right direction. Business Coach is there to highlight when you could be achieving higher sales or customer engagement.
Business Coach offers actionable tips and key business metrics to help grow your business.
Accelerate engagement with client segments that drive higher revenue
Analyze your performance from a single dashboard that showcases your reviews and social media ratings
React quickly to social media reviews by receiving instant alerts
Turn new clients into repeat visitors
Crypto & digital assets
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
crypto-digital-assets
Streamline your Web3 business with Nuvei's painless fiat-crypto conversion. Partner with us for seamless blockchain payment technologies and infrastructure to drive your crypto success.
Your route to mainstream success
Offering an unmatched range of services, we empower hundreds of partners to enable millions of people to buy billions of dollars in digital assets. We are the leading payment partner of over 450 leading exchanges, wallets, brokers, coins, NFT platforms and blockchain games.
A turnkey crypto experience
Nuvei's fiat on-ramp and off-ramp provides a smooth experience for converting between fiat and cryptocurrencies. Accessible to both those with no blockchain experience and on-chain gaming experts through a single API.
Join hundreds of global businesses and discover the power of fiat-crypto conversion on demand delivered by fully licensed, publicly listed provider.
Enables Web2-style onboarding for Web3
Wide payment options globally and locally
350+ partners: exchanges, wallets, brokers, and coins
3.5+ million end users, $4B+ in processed payments
100+ fiat currencies and 200+ cryptocurrencies
Issuer of co-branded Visa for unified crypto transactions
Experience the power of stablecoin payments
Stablecoins are becoming a true alternative form of payment to offer to merchants on top of more traditional payment methods.
We enable real-time stablecoin transactions, easy conversion between fiat and stablecoins, and comprehensive settlement services tailored to meet your needs.
Supports all stablecoins, including merchant-minted ones
Nuvei connects to USDC on 14 blockchains
Stablecoins bring stability to remittances
24/7 stablecoin settlements across blockchains
Stablecoins lower costs, improve supply chain cash flow
On-chain settlements reduce business operational costs
Take your blockchain project mainstream
One partnership for all your crypto business needs. Enable your blockchain assets for seamless onramps with 100+ fiat currencies, globally.
Support for multiple blockchains and tokens adds flexibility
Easy coin/token purchases with 100+ fiat currencies
Grow your brand equity with our large partner network of leading exchanges, wallets and platforms
Expand into new markets with global payment coverage
Easy and secure crypto payments
Accelerate transactions and enhance data accuracy, plus boost customer loyalty through our innovative crypto payment options. Experience the confidence of partnering with a provider that goes beyond fraud prevention to offer full-scale payment processing support.
Cryptocurrency payments broaden market access and lower costs by eliminating intermediaries, offering global reach with minimal transaction fees.
Access new markets and facilitate global financial access
Guaranteed zero fraud and no risk of chargebacks
Reduce costs and simplify management compared with card payments
Increase transaction speed and reduce security risks
Boosts customer loyalty and trust through safe payments
Instant access to funds with crypto, no middlemen
The future of paying for digital entertainment
Crypto is transforming gaming, offering significant advantages. Larger transaction limits, quicker payouts, and enhanced security minimize the need to share banking information.
With lower fees and global fund access, cryptocurrencies offer convenience and signals innovation. Additionally, players can receive bonuses as incentives for using crypto, enriching their gaming experience.
Near real-time crypto transactions improve cash flow
Crypto operations have less overhead
Nominal blockchain fees vs. card fees
Enhanced security with less data liability
Growing customer demand for crypto support
Access to new, unbanked legal markets
Empowering your journey into Web 3.0 and the Metaverse
Nuvei leads the move to Web 3.0, making your blockchain and Metaverse projects successful. With top partnerships and tools, we help you stand out.
Our approach gives users full control over their digital assets and privacy, boosting confidence in digital exploration.
Multiple integration options
Highly customizable UI and dynamic UX
Supports several blockchain protocols: Ethereum, Polkadot, or Binance Smart Chain
Smooth UX overcomes Web3 barriers like high fees and slow transactions
Tailors experiences to user preferences
Enhanced security, transparency and less central authority
Banking services
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
banking-services
Elevate the buying experience with Nuvei's embedded financial services. Discover seamless integration today and transform your revenue streams.
Exceed expectations and grow stickiness
Keep customers within your ecosystem by adding financial services into your payment mix. Offer bank deposits and payouts, as well as cards and financing. Make it easier for customers to buy more, more often.
Fast, reliable and secure digital banking
Expand your global reach and optimize transactions with Nuvei Business Accounts. Deliver real-time funds access, lower fees, and seamless integration to enhance efficiency and financial control.
Streamline your financial operations with Nuvei as your single partner for acquiring, issuing, and banking services.
Multi-currency accounts with European IBANs for EUR, GBP, and over 20 other currencies
Instantly receive funds for faster working capital, and efficiently manage settlements with potentially lower costs
Secure customer funds with dedicated solutions for VASPs and financial firms
Flexible pay-ins and payouts via SEPA, SWIFT, open banking, and blockchain-based BMM processing
Turbo-charge your brand
Elevate your brand and streamline payments with Nuvei’s customizable physical and virtual cards, offering seamless and secure transactions across all channels.
We take care of all the back-office complications including card scheme approval, global regulatory compliance, technical setup and card manufacturing.
Tailor physical and virtual cards to promote your brand identity
Easily manage single-use or multi-use cards through one platform
Automate secure transactions for online, in-store, and in-app purchases
Manage vendor payments and scale operations cost-effectively with flexible card formats
Finance your business goals: no bank required
Your business moves fast. Make sure your financing can, too.
Access funds quickly to achieve your goals and seize more opportunities. No banks or red tape involved.
Up to $1 million per business location
Receive funds in under a week upon approval
Pre-qualify in just 3 minutes
No collateral required
Flexible repayment options
Maximize revenue with consumer credit options
Grow your business with industry-leading buy now, pay later options. Get paid upfront while offering customers flexible payment terms.
Make it easier for your customers to get what they need right now. Best of all, it's integrated seamlessly into the checkout experience.
Offer flexible installment plans for your customers
Give consumers the freedom to pay at their own pace
Increase customer conversions by offering more payment options
Chargeback resolution
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
chargeback-resolution
Mitigate chargeback risks with Nuvei's effective resolution services. Streamline dispute processes, reduce fraudulent claims, and protect your revenue with our advanced tools.
Protection every step of the way
Prevent the majority of would-be chargebacks before they materialize. Transactions are protected with pre-chargeback mitigation, smart fraud-screening, alerts and communications.
Detect, control, and mitigate chargebacks
Reduce the costs of disputes and chargebacks with Nuvei Chargeback Resolve. Every chargeback actioned is centralized and managed through Nuvei’s Control Panel. The whole process maximizes transparency and efficiency.
Prevention - alerts and enhanced communication minimizes unnecessary disputes
Reduce operational costs - management chargebacks through one centralized dashboard
Preserve your reputation - avoid chargeback monitoring programs and additional fees associated with a high-risk label
Additional tools from Visa & Mastercard
Control disputes or chargebacks quickly and easily with integrated solutions from Visa and Mastercard.
Verifi Order Insight® (Visa) - respond to customer disputes in real-time by providing information between the customer and merchant
Verifi Rapid Dispute Resolution® (Visa) - avoid chargebacks by issuing refunds and charging Nuvei directly with no clearing process
Ethoca® (Mastercard) - gives merchants 24 hours to review, respond and action chargebacks
Currency management
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
currency-management
Facilitate global commerce with Nuvei's Currency Management. Simplify FX transactions, enhance payment flexibility, and offer customers native currency options for improved satisfaction.
Make the world your local marketplace
Whether your customers want to do business with you online or in-store, we make it easier to do business with and encourage return visits.
Price your goods and services in the world’s most popular currencies
According to Insider Intelligence’s Global eCommerce report, 92% of customers prefer to buy from sites that price items in their local currency.
Make buying simple and frictionless for customers while receiving settlement and reporting in your domestic currency.
Expand your business into new territories
Enhance existing customer relationships
Zero investment or infrastructure changes
Earn additional revenue from FX markup and attract more international customers
By offering customers pricing in their domestic currency, you can make card purchasing transparent and trustworthy while earning a percentage commission.
Attract more international customers
Protect cardholders against currency fluctuations
Available both online and in-store
Fraud & risk management
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
fraud-risk-management
Protect your business with Nuvei's Fraud & Risk Management solutions. Minimize threats and secure data while maintaining a smooth customer experience.
Protecting your business is critical
From advanced fraud detection to industrial grade tokenization and KYC, Nuvei protects you and your customers.
Reduce payment fraud and chargebacks with Nuvei Shields Up
Transaction data is our greatest weapon in the fight against fraud. Crush false positives with a powerful set of customizable tools without compromising customer experience.
Set 200+ unique rules for your industry and market
Increase conversion rates and reduce fraud with Smart 3DS Routing
Automated decisioning using IP geo location and AVS / CVV rules
Chargeback dispute tool for efficient case creation and management
Smart Routing and Dynamic Descriptor to minimize potential chargebacks
Encrypt and access customer data for secure, frictionless payments
Replacing sensitive data with a secure token means faster and more secure payments that can help create a better customer experience.
Through a combination of our agnostic and network tokenization features, we offer one of the most flexible and complete solutions in the market.
Encrypt and store customer payment information to make the checkout experience secure and frictionless
Tokens are dynamically updated to deliver higher authorization rates, simplified fraud management, and an improved customer experience
Payment methods are updated in real-time so cardholder credentials stay current even if a physical card is locked due to fraud
Provides a better customer experience with fewer false declines due to outdated information
Ensure your security and compliance
We recognize the need for the highest security available to protect you and your customers. In compliance with PCI Data Security Standards, we have met and surpassed all requirements set forth as a Level 1 Service Provider.
Our technology and expert staff can help you reduce risk, chargebacks and simplify PCI DSS compliance.
Mitigate threats before they become an issue
Reduce effort and cost for Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliance
Access solutions to descope your PCI DSS requirements
Authorization optimization
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
authorization-optimization
oost your transaction approval rates with Nuvei's Authorization Optimization. Benefit from advanced analytics and tailored strategies to enhance payment success and revenue.
Marginal gains can lead to big growth
Just like driving a finely tuned race car, every small improvement made adds up to significant gains. Maximize approval rates and revenue with features designed to guide every payment from checkout to completion.
Enhance checkouts to optimize conversions
Discover the future of optimized commerce with our AI-powered intelligent authorization solutions.
Fire up your revenue engine by boosting authorization success rates through our pre-transaction optimization tools.
Single-click purchases to streamline transactions
Boost approvals with smart retry technology
Advanced rules to enrich and augment transaction messages
Enhanced Network Tokens
Optimize transaction flows for higher approvals
Direct transactions intelligently to different banks. Increase sales and conversion rates by improving the chance of successful payment.
Generate more revenue and higher approvals by enabling virtually limitless routing possibilities. Every major payment service and gateway is supported.
3DS Routing
Exemptions Engine
Fraud Screening
Bank Routing
Decrease declines and checkout abandonment
Fine-tune your payment process for peak performance
Dive into a world where every transaction parameter is meticulously adjusted and optimized. Leverage artificial intelligence to ensure a smooth and successful checkout experience.
Watch your conversion rates soar as we intelligently re-attempt transactions to secure success.
Boost approval rates and conversions with smart payment recovery
Resolve token mismatch issues and address 3DS2 declines
Transform soft declines into successful transactions
Enhance the customer experience by streamlining card verification rules
Advanced monitoring and control at your fingertips
Elevate your payment strategy with insight-driven authorizations. With AI-driven tools built into our analytics suite, leverage the data you need for every transaction and authentication flow.
Steer your transaction traffic towards smoother roads and higher approval rates. Tailored insights mean you're in the driver's seat, accelerating towards optimized authorizations and financial performance.
Leverage artificial intelligence to automate approval rate analysis
Gain precise insights into transactions with customizable reports
Benefit from machine learning to optimize authorizations
Monitor performance and act on conversion-based reporting
Navigate complex data to minimize risk and manage fraud
Card-not-present
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
card-not-present
Accounts Receivable Management
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
accounts-receivable-management
Lending
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
lending
Healthcare payment solutions
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
healthcare-payment-solutions
Legal and Professional Services
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
legal-and-professional-services
Veterinary
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
veterinary
Small business financing
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
small-business-financing
Subscription
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
subscription
Property Managers
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
property-managers
Charitable Organizations
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
charitable-organizations
Auto finance
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
auto-finance
Law firms
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
law-firms
Collection agencies
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
collection-agencies
Enterprise
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
enterprise
eCommerce
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
ecommerce
Integrated payments through semi-integration and native SDK’s
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
integrated-payments-through-semi-integration-and-native-sdks
Cloud
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
cloud
Mobile
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
mobile
Entertainment
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
entertainment
F&B
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
f-b
Retail
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
retail
Field Services
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
field-services
SMB
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
smb
Service-based businesses
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
service-based-businesses
Hospitality
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
hospitality
Nuvei offers tailored payment solutions for hospitality businesses, streamlining transactions for an elevated customer experience. Discover how our flexible, secure and easy-to-use systems can enhance your venue’s payment flow.
Automotive
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
automotive
Boost customer satisfaction and operational efficiency with Nuvei's tailored automotive payment solutions. Enjoy seamless DMS integrations, multiple payment options, advanced fraud protection, and 24/7 support to elevate your business and focus on delivering exceptional service.
Grocery
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
grocery
Simplify and elevate your grocery operations with Nuvei’s integrated payment solutions. Deliver fast, secure, and flexible payment experiences that build customer loyalty and keep your business thriving.
Independent software vendors
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
independent-software-vendors
Boost your software with Nuvei: Seamless integration, top security, diverse payments. Elevate your ISV platform today.
Crypto platforms & exchanges
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
crypto-platforms-exchanges
Discover the future of cryptocurrency transactions with Nuvei's scalable blockchain solutions. Access global payment ecosystems, enjoy seamless fiat-to-crypto exchanges, and benefit from full fraud protection. Ideal for platforms and exchanges seeking efficiency, compliance, and extended market reach.
Healthcare
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
healthcare
Small & medium sized businesses
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
small-medium-sized-businesses
Empower your SMB with Nuvei's tailored payment solutions. Enjoy flexible, secure payment processing, innovative POS hardware, and 24/7 support to enhance your customer experience and growth.
Government
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
government
Simplify public sector payments with Nuvei's Government Suite. Ensure secure, efficient, and flexible payment processing for all government and municipal services.
Business to business
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
business-to-business
Discover leading B2B payment solutions that enhance efficiency. Elevate your AP and AR business operations today for seamless financial management.
Travel & mobility
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
travel-mobility
Boost your travel business with Nuvei. Experience seamless, secure payments worldwide. Transform customer interactions now.
Financial services
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
financial-services
Transform your financial services with Nuvei's cutting-edge payment solutions. Experience enhanced security, compliance, and efficiency. Discover how we can help streamline your operations and elevate customer trust.
Online gaming
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
online-gaming
Unlock the full potential of your gaming platform with Nuvei's specialized payment solutions for the Online Gaming industry. Ensure seamless, secure transactions and enhance player satisfaction.
Video gaming
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
video-gaming
Upgrade your gaming business with Nuvei. Achieve better acceptance rates and global reach. Enhance player joy today.
Online retail
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
online-retail
Elevate your online store with Nuvei. Offer 700 payment methods and boost global sales. Start optimizing today.
Digital content & subscriptions
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
digital-content-subscriptions
Enhance digital content revenue with Nuvei's payment solutions. Perfect for subscriptions, offering seamless billing, global market access, and secure transaction processing.
Marketplaces
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
marketplaces
Revolutionize your marketplace with Nuvei. Ensure secure, smooth transactions and expand globally. Discover how now.
Temu expands global payment options with Nuvei partnership
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
temu-expands-global-payment-options-with-nuvei-partnership
Partnership enhances localized payment experiences for Temu customers worldwide
Partnership enhances localized payment experiences for Temu customers worldwide
MONTREAL, February 28 2025
– Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei" or the "Company"), the Canadian fintech company, announces today that it has formed a strategic partnership with Temu, the global online marketplace known for value-for-money products, to enhance the shopping experience through providing customers with greater access to their preferred local payment methods.
Temu customers across the globe now enjoy a smooth shopping experience though seamless, secure card payments as well as the ability to pay using their preferred local payment methods. The integration supports local direct card acquiring and popular regional payment options including Konbini in Japan; Blik and P24 in Poland; Bancontact in Belgium; iDeal in the Netherlands; and MBWAY and Multibanco in Portugal. This customer-centric approach will expand further in 2025, with plans to enhance payment experiences in new markets.
“As online shopping continues to grow, seamless and secure payments are essential for delivering the best possible experience," commented Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO. "By offering hyper-localized payment experiences on a global scale, we're enabling international eCommerce giants like Temu to develop deeper relationships with their customers through payments, wherever they are and however they want to pay.”
“At Temu, we are committed to making quality products more accessible and ensuring a smooth shopping experience for our customers worldwide,” said a Temu spokesperson. “Providing localized payment options is an important part of improving convenience for customers, and we are always looking for ways to optimize our payment processes to meet the needs of different markets.”
Nuvei's powerful combination of global reach, extensive alternative payment method connectivity, and best-in-class authorization optimization suite continues to attract leading eCommerce companies. Notable partnerships include other industry leaders such as Charles & Keith, who have selected Nuvei as their payments partner both locally and internationally.
About Temu
Temu is an online marketplace that connects consumers with millions of sellers, manufacturers and brands around the world with the mission to empower them to live their best lives. Launched in the US in September 2022, Temu is committed to offering the most affordable quality products to enable consumers and sellers to fulfill their dreams in an inclusive environment. For more information, visit: www.temu.com
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei strengthens executive team with key Product and Compliance hires
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-strengthens-executive-team-with-key-product-and-compliance-hires
Fintech veterans Moshe Selfin and Chad Gerhardstein join as Chief Product Officer and Chief Risk and Compliance Officer respectively
Fintech veterans Moshe Selfin and Chad Gerhardstein join as Chief Product Officer and Chief Risk and Compliance Officer respectively
MONTREAL, February 18 2025
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”), the Canadian fintech company, today announces the appointment of two new executives to its senior leadership team. Moshe Selfin joins as Chief Product Officer, reporting to Nuvei Chair and CEO Philip Fayer, while Chad Gerhardstein assumes the newly created role of Chief Risk and Compliance Officer, reporting to CFO David Schwartz.
These strategic appointments represent Nuvei's continued investment in its product innovation and risk management and compliance capabilities, reinforcing the Company's commitment to delivering innovative payment solutions while maintaining industry-leading standards.
Selfin joins Nuvei from Finaro (acquired by Shift4), where he most recently served as Chief Operations & Technology Officer. Selfin will spearhead Nuvei's global product strategy and development, focusing on expanding the Company's suite of customer-centric payment solutions and extending the global reach of its technology stack. This appointment underscores Nuvei's commitment to technological innovation and its mission to enable businesses to get closer to their customers through advanced payment capabilities.
Gerhardstein brings extensive risk management and compliance expertise within the payments industry to Nuvei. He joins from PwC, where he was a leader specializing in cyber risk and regulation for the Fintech, payments, and digital assets sectors. Previously, he held senior positions at Vantiv and served as Chief Compliance Officer at Worldpay. In his role, Gerhardstein will strengthen Nuvei's global risk management and compliance framework, ensuring the Company maintains its position as a trusted partner for global businesses to execute international expansion.
“I’m delighted to welcome Moshe and Chad to the team. These appointments reflect our ongoing commitment to investing in top talent as we execute our strategic vision," commented Philip Fayer, Nuvei's Chair and CEO. "Moshe's proven track record in strategic planning and delivery for fast-growing technology businesses will accelerate our product innovation and enhance our ability to deliver cutting-edge payment solutions globally. Chad's deep expertise in risk and compliance will be invaluable in supporting Nuvei's customers with seamless market entry while maintaining robust risk management practices and regulatory compliance across all jurisdictions.”
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
‍
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei launches in Japan
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-launches-in-japan
The Company continues to extend its global reach with strengthened presence in the world’s fourth largest eCommerce market
The Company continues to extend its global reach with strengthened presence in the world’s fourth largest eCommerce market
MONTREAL, January 27 2025
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”), the Canadian fintech company, today announces an expansion in Asia-Pacific (APAC), having completed the acquisition of Paywiser Japan Limited, including its acquiring license granted by the Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry. The license enables Nuvei to progress with launching direct acquiring capabilities in Japan across all major card schemes, and to extend its direct connectivity with all relevant alternative payment methods (APMs) in the country.
With its new Japan headquarters in Tokyo complementing existing offices in China, Hong Kong, Australia, and Singapore, Nuvei now boasts over 200 on-the-ground payments experts across the region.
Strategic expansion into APAC's second largest eCommerce market
Nuvei's comprehensive range of agile payments solutions will support Japanese businesses scale both in-market and cross-border, as well as enable global businesses to expand into the Japanese market seamlessly.
For Nuvei’s international customers, market entry into Japan through an existing single integration to the Nuvei core platform presents an exciting and sizeable opportunity. Japan is the fourth largest eCommerce market globally and
second largest in the APAC region
. The Japanese market is expected to grow at a Compound Annual Growth Rate of 11.6% from 2024 to 2032, with Total Market Size increasing from USD$230 billion to
more than USD$650 billion by 2032
. The volume of online buyers is expected to surpass 100 million people (83% of the population) by 2026, and eCommerce will account for
22% of all commerce transactions by 2028
.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO, commented: “We’re delighted to be building on our existing presence and laying down even stronger roots in Japan, one of the preeminent eCommerce markets globally. This expansion aligns with our strategic priorities to continue growing our global footprint, offer localized payments experiences on a global scale, and enable our customers to get closer to their customers through payments, wherever they are and however they want to pay. With our modular payments technology and extensive local expertise, we're well positioned to help businesses of all sizes accelerate their growth within this dynamic ecosystem.”
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei expands Omnichannel capabilities to the UK Gaming industry
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-expands-omnichannel-capabilities-to-the-uk-gaming-industry
Nuvei's Omnichannel architecture offers a unified platform for all retail and digital transactions, simplifying operations and enhancing customer experience
Nuvei's Omnichannel architecture offers a unified platform for all retail and digital transactions, simplifying operations and enhancing customer experience
MONTREAL, January 20 2025
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”), the Canadian fintech company, today announced the launch of its innovative Omnichannel payment solution for the UK Gaming industry. This groundbreaking platform unifies all payment channels, offering unprecedented convenience and flexibility for both operators and players.
Key features and benefits of Nuvei's Omnichannel solution for the Gaming industry include:
•
Unified Integration:
Gaming operators can now manage all payment channels through a single API, simplifying operations and reducing costs.
•
Consolidated Reporting:
Comprehensive analytics provide valuable insights into player behavior across all channels, enabling data-driven decision-making.
•
Enhanced Player Experience:
o Seamless connection between the retail and digital Gaming experience
o Common card tokenization across online and offline channels
o Engaging players across all channels and verticals
•
Global Reach, Local Expertise:
While tailored for the UK market, the platform supports global expansion with localized payment methods and compliance across the globe.
•
Deep Brand Loyalty:
The platform's ability to recognize existing online customers when they engage in-person allows for enhanced loyalty programs and targeted promotions, fostering stronger player relationships.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei's Chair and CEO, commented on the announcement: “Our Omnichannel solution is transforming how UK Gaming operators interact with their customers. By breaking down the barriers between online and offline experiences, we're enabling operators to create more personalized and engaging player journeys. This launch represents a significant step in our commitment to providing cutting-edge payment solutions that drive growth and enhance user experience in the rapidly evolving Gaming market.”
One UK based operator already harnessing the benefits of Nuvei’s Omnichannel is Buzz Bingo. Buzz Bingo Head of Product Fraud & Payments Sam Bailey commented: “Nuvei’s Omnichannel solution is a real step ahead from our current retail payment infrastructure. We’re an Omnichannel business and the key benefits of the Omnichannel payments system that Nuvei offers is its diversity as we link our retail environment to our online. There’s been a lot of focus on product development here at Buzz, and the key decision with going with Nuvei is their commitment to continue developing their systems and improving their offering. Nuvei have allowed us to work together on building their roadmap and we feel like a valued partner as we bring new payments channels and options to our customers. We’re looking forward to working collaboratively to make the most out of both of our businesses.”
This announcement further solidifies Nuvei's position as a leader in payment solutions for the Gaming sector as the industry continues to experience rapid growth, with the global market predicted to
reach USD$1 trillion by 2030
. By offering operators optimized payment acceptance and a seamless experience for players, Nuvei continues to demonstrate why it is the preferred payments partner for Gaming operators across the United Kingdom and globally.
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei partners with Outpayce from Amadeus
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-partners-with-outpayce-from-amadeus
Nuvei joins Outpayce’s Xchange Payment Platform (XPP) to streamline global travel payments. With seamless integration, faster onboarding, and enhanced security, this partnership empowers travel businesses to process transactions efficiently across 200+ markets.
Travel businesses can now access Nuvei's global reach and payment solutions through the Outpayce integration
MONTREAL, January 16, 2025
– Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei"), the Canadian fintech company, today announces that it has partnered with Outpayce from Amadeus, as its latest payments service provider to be integrated into Outpayce’s Xchange Payment Platform (XPP).
This strategic partnership positions Nuvei as a global leader in advancing Outpayce's innovative payment ecosystem. Travel businesses leveraging Outpayce’s XPP can now seamlessly access Nuvei’s expansive suite of payment capabilities, enhancing their ability to process transactions efficiently and securely across geographies.
The partnership will offer several significant advantages to Outpayce’s customers:
•
Seamless integration:
A single connection to Outpayce’s XPP simplifies adoption, integrating multiple airline and travel touchpoints efficiently.
•
Accelerated onboarding:
Faster implementation timelines help businesses bring payment solutions to market quickly.
•
Enhanced security:
Nuvei’s advanced security measures ensure secure transactions across all channels.
•
Global reach
: Through Nuvei’s connectivity in more than 200 markets and support for 720 local payment methods, businesses can offer seamless cross-border payment experiences.
“We're thrilled to welcome Nuvei to our Outpayce partner ecosystem. This collaboration combines our global reach with Nuvei's cutting-edge technology and coverage, empowering customers to simplify their payment processes and enhance the traveler experience,” commented Damian Alonso, Outpayce’s Head of Commercial and Partnerships on the announcement.
Phillip Fayer, Nuvei’s Chair and CEO added: “Our goal is to allow travel businesses to focus on providing exceptional experiences while we handle the complexities of payments, and this integration represents a major leap forward in simplifying and enhancing payment processes for airlines and travel businesses worldwide. Combining Nuvei's innovative payment technology with Outpayce’s extensive travel network is the latest initiative as we continue to revolutionize payments in the travel industry through a single integration for payments that spans countries, currencies, and payment methods.”
Nuvei’s agile payment solutions, alongside its proven expertise in serving the travel industry, position it as an invaluable partner for businesses aiming to optimize their payment processes. Through this partnership with Outpayce, Nuvei continues to expand its footprint, reinforcing its role as a leader in enabling global commerce.
About Outpayce
Amadeus makes the experience of travel better for everyone, everywhere by inspiring innovation, partnerships and responsibility to people, places and planet.
As a wholly-owned company, Outpayce from Amadeus is the next step in scaling the Amadeus payments business with fresh investment in talent, an open API platform and a license to deliver new regulated payment services.
Outpayce delivers smoother end-to-end travel experiences making travel payments simple. Our open platform that connects FinTech and banking service providers to the entire travel ecosystem allows customers and travelers to easily benefit from new advances in payments.
Outpayce Xchange Payment Platform (XPP) solves challenges in areas like authentication, acceptance and foreign exchange (FX) for travel merchants and gives access to partners that resolve areas like chargebacks and fraud management to offer a smoother overall experience for the traveler.
In the B2B payments space, Outpayce orchestrates payments with a range of virtual cards, currencies and payment methods to optimize cost, acceptance and agility wherever a travel seller needs to pay a supplier.
Outpayce delivers an end-to-end experience by continuing to work with all Amadeus’ teams and embedding its capabilities in all of Amadeus' applications. The future is travel simply paid.
To find out more about Outpayce, visit www.outpayce.com.
Follow us on:
LinkedIn
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Get in touch with Nuvei
Nuvei enters strategic partnership with Gaming Innovation Group (GiG)
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-enters-strategic-partnership-with-gaming-innovation-group-gig
Discover how Nuvei and GiG's partnership empowers iGaming operators with advanced payment solutions, global reach, and AI-driven player account management for seamless growth.
Nuvei's direct integration into GiG's new iGaming platform optimizes the payments function for global operators
MONTREAL, January 7, 2025
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”), the Canadian fintech company, has entered a new strategic partnership with GiG, a leading B2B technology provider to the iGaming industry. This collaboration enables iGaming operators to optimize their payments functionality through their existing integration with GiG's CoreX solution.
CoreX is an advanced, AI-driven player account management (PAM) platform for leading iGaming and sportsbook brands. It provides operators with the flexibility to localize their operations in any regulated jurisdiction, enhancing their ability to meet diverse market demands. Through this direct integration with the GiG CoreX platform, iGaming operators can leverage Nuvei's payments expertise across global iGaming markets to maximize their revenues and accelerate their growth.
The partnership delivers a comprehensive solution that addresses the needs of modern online gaming businesses. This approach is underpinned by Nuvei's deep market expertise gained from more than 20 years innovating payments for the industry, ensuring operators can optimize acceptance rates, execute best-in-class risk management, and navigate the diverse regulatory landscapes of global iGaming markets with confidence.
Operators gain access to Nuvei's extensive global reach in over 200 countries, enabling seamless expansion across international markets through a single, integrated platform. The collaboration also provides GiG-supported operators with industry-leading connectivity to 720 alternative payment methods, enabling them to offer players all relevant deposit and pay out options from their cashier.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO commented: “We're excited to partner with a proven technology leader and industry expert like GiG. This integration showcases our commitment to providing the most relevant and modern payment solutions that drive growth for our customers. By combining Nuvei's robust modular payment technology with GiG's innovative CoreX platform, we're delivering unparalleled value to iGaming operators worldwide.”
James Coxon, Chief Operating Officer at GiG, added: “Our partnership with Nuvei represents another significant forward step in empowering iGaming operators with the most flexible best-in-class payment solutions. The direct integration of Nuvei's payment technology into CoreX will enable our clients to optimize their payment processes, ultimately improving player satisfaction and operational efficiency.”
About GiG Software Plc
GiG Software is a leading B2B iGaming technology company that provides premium solutions, products, and services to iGaming operators worldwide, fully compliant with regulatory requirements. GiG’s proprietary technology empowers our partners by delivering dynamic, data-driven, and scalable iGaming solutions that drive user engagement, optimise performance, and propel sustainable growth in the ever-evolving digital landscape. GiG’s vision is to be the pioneering force in the iGaming industry, transforming digital gaming experiences through innovation and technology that inspire and engage players worldwide.
GiG operates out of Malta and is listed on the Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market in Stockholm, Sweden, under the ticker GiG SDB.
Find out more at
www.gig.com
.
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible, and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei strengthens global partnership with Google and integrates Google Pay into its cashier for LATAM customers
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-strengthens-global-partnership-with-google-and-integrates-google-pay-into-its-cashier-for-latam-customers
Nuvei strengthens global partnership with Google and integrates Google Pay into its cashier for LATAM customers. Merchants in LATAM can now seamlessly add Google Pay into their cashier through an existing integration with Nuvei.
Merchants in LATAM can now seamlessly add Google Pay into their cashier through an existing integration with Nuvei
MONTREAL, December 12 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”), the Canadian fintech company, today announces the expansion of its global partnership with Google to integrate Google Pay, an option now available for merchants across Latin America (LATAM). This collaboration builds upon the existing strong global relationship between Nuvei and Google, and complements Google Pay's existing availability through Nuvei in the United States, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Australia.
Nuvei's integration of Google Pay into its cashier solution for customers is completely streamlined into the checkout process for both merchants and consumers, optimizing the user experience for Google Pay users in the LATAM region.
Google Pay is becoming an essential payment method for online merchants around the world. The integration of Google Pay to Nuvei's cashier solution caters to the evolving preferences of digital-savvy consumers.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO, commented on the announcement: "Our strengthened partnership with Google and the launch of the integration of Google Pay in Latin America underscore Nuvei's commitment to providing businesses with the most comprehensive in-demand suite of payment options globally. Expanding our collaboration into this vibrant market enables merchants to tap into new customer segments and drive growth across the region."
By integrating Google Pay into Nuvei's payment processes, merchants can offer their customers a simple and secure payment option that meets the demands of the current digital economy.
Nuvei continues to lead the industry with its extensive connectivity to over 720 alternative payment methods, allowing merchants to offer all relevant payment options to their customers in every market they serve, all through a single integration with Nuvei's platform.
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei launches comprehensive blockchain payment solution
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-launches-comprehensive-blockchain-payment-solution
Businesses in LATAM can now use stablecoins to make faster cross-border B2B payments and settlements through Nuvei’s partnership with Rain, BitGo, and Visa
Businesses in LATAM can now use stablecoins to make faster cross-border B2B payments and settlements through Nuvei’s partnership with Rain, BitGo, and Visa
MONTREAL, December 4 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”), the Canadian fintech company, today announces the launch of an innovative blockchain-based payment solution for merchants across Latin America (LATAM). Through Nuvei’s partnerships with Rain, a vertically integrated issuing partner for global platforms, BitGo, the leading digital asset custodian and wallet solutions provider, and Visa, Nuvei is enabling businesses to utilize stablecoins – including USD Coin (USDC) – for faster global settlement and reduced reliance on traditional payments rails.
By collaborating with Rain, BitGo, and Visa, Nuvei delivers a seamless and secure blockchain payment experience that empowers LATAM merchants to use their physical or virtual card supported by Visa to make payments using stablecoins from a digital asset wallet anywhere Visa is accepted. The solution benefits from Visa’s wide acceptance and simplifies corporate treasury management, offering faster cross-border transactions, secure digital asset custody, reduced currency complexity, and improved operational liquidity.
"Nuvei empowers businesses to connect more deeply with their customers through innovative payments solutions," commented Nuvei Chair and CEO Philip Fayer. "By integrating stablecoin technology into our payment platform for B2B settlement we're ensuring our merchants continually receive unparalleled flexibility, security, and global reach."
Rain Co-founder and CEO Farooq Malik added: “Our innovative platform connects traditional financial rails with the digital asset ecosystem, providing frictionless transactions for B2B and stablecoin payments. This partnership with Nuvei represents a significant step in making blockchain-based payments more accessible and flexible for businesses in Latin America.”
Luis Ayala, Director at BitGo, commented: “As a leader in digital asset custody and infrastructure, we're excited to support Nuvei's expansion into blockchain payments. Our institutional-grade security and comprehensive digital asset services will help businesses in Latin America leverage stablecoin technology with confidence and operational efficiency.”
This comprehensive blockchain-based payments offering sets a new standard for payment solutions in Latin America, demonstrating Nuvei's commitment to deepening its footprint in a region with rapid eCommerce growth. Year-to-date, Nuvei’s expansion of services in LATAM include being the first global payments service provider to offer direct local acquiring in Colombia, implementing local acquiring services in Mexico, and acquiring a Payment Institution license in Brazil.
‍
About Rain
Rain develops and operates cutting edge digital asset authorization and settlement infrastructure in concert with its innovative payment card solutions. By connecting blockchain settlement with traditional financial systems like the Visa network, Rain drives adoption and utility for digital assets in enterprise and consumer use cases.
Rain offers an asset-agnostic settlement stack with support for stablecoin programs and is a principal member of the Visa network. The company was founded in 2021 and is backed by Lightspeed Venture Partners, Norwest, Coinbase Ventures, Circle Ventures and Uniswap Labs. For more information, visit www.raincards.com.
About BitGo
BitGo provides the most secure and scalable wallet solutions for the digital asset economy, offering regulated custody, staking and trading, and core infrastructure to investors and builders alike.
Founded in 2013, BitGo pioneered the multi-signature wallet and is the first digital asset company to focus exclusively on serving institutional clients. In 2018, it launched BitGo Trust Company, the first qualified custodian purpose-built for storing digital assets and established BitGo New York Trust in 2021. In 2022, BitGo launched institutional-grade staking, DeFi, NFT and Web3 services. BitGo secures approximately 20% of all on-chain Bitcoin transactions by value and supports more than 700 digital assets within its platform. BitGo provides the security and operational backbone for more than 1500 institutional clients in 50 countries, including many regulated entities and the world's top cryptocurrency exchanges and platforms.
BitGo is backed by Goldman Sachs, Craft Ventures, DRW, Galaxy Digital Ventures, Redpoint Ventures, and Valor Equity Partners. For more information, please visit
http://www.bitgo.com
‍
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
‍
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
‍
Delaware North chooses Nuvei to power payments  for online gaming and sports betting
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
delaware-north-chooses-nuvei-to-power-payments-for-online-gaming-and-sports-betting
Delaware North chooses Nuvei to power payments for online gaming and sports betting
Nuvei upgrades the player experience for the global hospitality and entertainment company’s interactive gaming division through enhanced deposits and payouts
MONTREAL and FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla., November 25 2024
– Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei" or the "Company"), the Canadian fintech company, announces today that it has been selected by Delaware North’s interactive gaming division to power deposits and payouts for Betly, its online real-money casino and sports betting brand. Delaware North operates
Betly
in
West Virginia
,
Arkansas
,
Tennessee
and
Ohio
in the United States.
This partnership enhances the player experience at the checkout, streamlining both the deposit and payout processes for Betly customers across their online casino and sports betting profile. Delaware North is leveraging Nuvei's local acquiring capabilities in the U.S. to accept card payment deposits and enable all the relevant payout methods players demand, including real-time account-to-account transactions via Nuvei's industry-leading Instant Bank Transfer product.
Todd San Jule, general manager for Delaware North’s interactive gaming division and Betly, commented on the announcement: “Providing a seamless and secure iGaming cashier experience is crucial for our customers' satisfaction and our business growth. By partnering with Nuvei, we're able to offer our players a wide range of deposit options and swift payouts across all our online casino and sports betting brands. This collaboration aligns with our commitment to delivering top-tier gaming experiences and positions us to better serve our customers in the competitive U.S. iGaming market.”
Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO added: “We're thrilled to partner with Delaware North, one of the premier brands in the hospitality and gaming industry in the U.S. This collaboration showcases our commitment to providing the most relevant and modern payment solutions that drive growth for our customers by enhancing the end user experience in the rapidly evolving iGaming market, further solidifying our position as a global leader in this arena.”
‍
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
About Betly
The interactive gaming division of global hospitality and entertainment company Delaware North operates
Betly Casino & Sportsbook
online in West Virginia, Betly Sportsbook online in Arkansas and Tennessee in conjunction with Delaware North’s Southland Casino Hotel, and Betly Sportsbook Ohio online in Ohio for Miami Valley Gaming, a joint venture property of Delaware North’s. Online casino enthusiasts can enjoy daily promotions, thrilling tournaments and a robust offering of slots, video table games and live dealer table games on Betly Casino & Sportsbook. Sports bettors can also enjoy all the action of a wide range of betting possibilities on sports, matches and competitions from around the world.
About Delaware North Gaming
Delaware North’s gaming division is one of the most innovative gaming operators in the United States, specializing in regional venues with slots and video gaming machines, table games, poker rooms, full-service restaurants, retail shops and hotels. We have gaming destinations in New York, New Hampshire, Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, West Virginia, Ohio and Illinois, as well as in Australia. We are also the lead consultant on the Catawba Nation’s $700 million casino resort project in North Carolina. Our interactive division operates mobile sports betting and iGaming in several states via the Betly brand, and we also own and operate Ruby Seven Studios, a leading developer of social casino gaming applications. Delaware North is a global leader in hospitality and entertainment. Learn more at
www.DelawareNorth.com.
‍
Nuvei announces completion of Going Private transaction
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-announces-completion-of-going-private-transaction
Nuvei Corporation (Nasdaq: NVEI, TSX: NVEI) announces its acquisition by Advent International, Novacap, and CDPQ for $34 per share. CEO Philip Fayer continues to lead as the company embarks on a new growth phase. Learn more.
MONTREAL, November 15, 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (“
Nuvei
” or the “
Company
”) (Nasdaq: NVEI)(TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, announced today the completion of the previously announced plan of arrangement under the Canada Business Corporations Act (the “
Plan of Arrangement
”) pursuant to which Neon Maple Purchaser Inc. (the “
Purchaser
”), an entity formed by Advent International (“
Advent
”), acquired, directly or indirectly, all the issued and outstanding subordinate voting shares (the “
Subordinate Voting Shares
”) and multiple voting shares (the “Multiple Voting Shares” and together with the Subordinate Voting Shares, the “
Shares
”) of the Company for a price of US$34.00 per Share (the “
Arrangement
”).
As part of the Arrangement, Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc. (collectively, “
Novacap
”) and Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (“
CDPQ
”) (together with entities they control directly or indirectly, collectively, the “
Rollover Shareholders
”) sold their Shares (the “
Rollover Shares
”) in exchange for a combination of cash and shares in the capital of the Purchaser or an affiliate thereof, in accordance with the terms of the Plan of Arrangement and the applicable rollover agreement entered into with each Rollover Shareholder in connection with the Arrangement. As a result of the Arrangement, the Company became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser, of which Advent, Philip Fayer, Novacap and CDPQ hold or exercise control or direction over, directly or indirectly, approximately 46%, 24%, 18% and 12%, respectively.
Nuvei Founder & CEO Philip Fayer rolled approximately 95% of his Shares and will continue to be one of the largest shareholders in the Company. He will also continue to serve as Nuvei’s Chair and Chief Executive Officer, leading the business in all aspects of its operations, along with Nuvei’s current leadership team who have continued in their roles.
“We are excited to embark on a new chapter with Advent, Novacap and CDPQ, one focused on our long-term strategy and commitment to accelerating the revenue of our customers globally,” said Fayer. “For more than 20 years we have provided customers with mission-critical solutions they need to execute on their growth journeys. This commitment will remain the same as we continue to build deeper partnerships with our customers by providing them modern, flexible and purpose-built technology. A key part of this next phase will be the implementation of our Value Creation Plan, a comprehensive strategic exercise designed to optimize our operations as we execute on various opportunities for accelerated growth. Advent joins our long-standing investors, Novacap and CDPQ, who remain meaningful investors and believe in a dynamic and successful future for Nuvei,” concluded Fayer.
“Since 2017, we have been privileged to support Nuvei’s management in executing its ambitious global growth strategy. Together with a leadership team that continually drives innovation and builds meaningful partnerships across industries, Nuvei has established itself as a fintech leader in key verticals with sustainable, long-term growth potential. As the Company embarks on an exciting new chapter of expansion, we look forward to strengthening our collaboration and unlocking new opportunities to create lasting value for all stakeholders," said David Lewin, Lead Senior Partner at Novacap.
“Ever since our first investment in Nuvei in 2017, CDPQ is proud to have supported this Québec fintech leader at every stage of its growth, particularly through acquisitions on a global scale. We are delighted to accompany Nuvei once again as it embarks on this new chapter of its history, alongside recognized partners such as Advent, as well as existing shareholders Philip Fayer and Novacap,” said Kim Thomassin, Executive Vice-President and Head of Québec at CDPQ.
Bo Huang, Managing Director at Advent, said: “We are excited to begin this partnership and support Nuvei’s growth through investments and acquisitions to best serve its customers globally as a modern payments partner.”
Consideration for the Shares has been remitted by or on behalf of the Purchaser to TSX Trust Company as depositary under the Arrangement, and will be paid to former shareholders of the Company as soon as reasonably practicable after the date hereof (or, in the case of registered shareholders, as soon as reasonably practicable after a properly completed and signed letter of transmittal is received by the depositary together with the share certificate(s) and/or DRS Advice(s) representing Shares formerly held by them).
As a result of the completion of the Arrangement, it is expected that the Subordinate Voting Shares will be de-listed from the Toronto Stock Exchange on or about November 18, 2024 and from the Nasdaq Global Select Market on or about November 25, 2024. The Company has applied to cease to be a reporting issuer under Canadian securities laws in all Canadian jurisdictions. The Company will also deregister the Subordinate Voting Shares under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Early Warning Reporting
Further to the requirements of National Instrument 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids and National Instrument 62-103 The Early Warning System and Related Take-Over Bid and Insider Reporting Issues, the Purchaser or an affiliate thereof and Philip Fayer and certain entities controlled by Philip Fayer will file an early warning report in accordance with applicable securities laws. A copy of each of the early warning reports will be made available under Nuvei's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.
Immediately prior to closing of the Arrangement and the related transactions, AI Maple Aggregator, L.P. ("
Maple Aggregator
"), an entity formed by Advent with an indirect interest in the Purchaser, did not own, or exercise control or direction over, directly or indirectly, any Shares. Upon the completion of the Arrangement, Maple Aggregator, through its indirect interest in the Purchaser, controls 46% of the 66,096,274 Subordinate Voting Shares and 76,064,619 Multiple Voting Shares issued and outstanding in the capital of the Company. The consideration paid by the Purchaser for the Shares (excluding any Rollover Shares exchanged for shares in the capital of the Purchaser or an affiliate thereof) was US$34.00 per Share (equivalent to C$47.69). The Rollover Shares exchanged for shares in the capital of the Purchaser or an affiliate thereof had an implied value of US$34.00 (equivalent to C$47.69). All figures in this press release have been calculated using a US$:C$ exchange rate of 1.4027, being the daily US$:C$ exchange rate published by the Bank of Canada for November 14, 2024.
Immediately prior to closing of the Arrangement and the related transactions, Philip Fayer and certain entities controlled by Philip Fayer beneficially owned and controlled 27,857,328 Multiple Voting Shares (representing 36.62% of the issued and outstanding Multiple Voting Shares) and 124,986 Subordinate Voting Shares (representing 0.2% of the issued and outstanding Subordinate Voting Shares). In connection with the Arrangement, Philip Fayer and such entities sold their Shares directly or indirectly to the Purchaser at an implied value of US$34.00 per Share (equivalent to C$47.69) for aggregate cash proceeds of US$75,096,573 and common shares of the Purchaser or an affiliate thereof at an aggregate implied value of US$876,302,102. Following completion of the Arrangement, Philip Fayer and an entity controlled by him became shareholders of the Purchaser’s indirect parent company and no longer beneficially own or control any Shares. Mr. Fayer now indirectly owns or controls approximately 24% of the equity in the resulting private company. Further information and a copy of the early warning report of Philip Fayer may be obtained by contacting:
Chris Mammone
Head of Investor Relations
Nuvei Corporation
IR@nuvei.com
310.654.4212
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei's modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking information” and “forward-looking statements” (collectively, “
Forward-looking information
”) within the meaning of applicable securities laws. This Forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as “may”, “would”, “should”, “could”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “foresee”, “believe”, or “continue”, the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all Forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, statements with respect to the delisting of the Subordinate Voting Shares from the Toronto Stock Exchange and from the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Company ceasing to be a reporting issuer under applicable Canadian securities laws and the deregistration of the Subordinate Voting Shares under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are Forward-looking information.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain Forward-looking information. Statements containing Forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management’s expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, and although the Forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what management believes are reasonable assumptions, readers are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the Forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company’s control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such Forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the possibility that the Subordinate Voting Shares will not be delisted from the Toronto Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Global Select Market within the timing currently contemplated, that the Subordinate Voting Shares may not be delisted at all, due to failure to satisfy, in a timely manner or otherwise, conditions necessary for the delisting of the Subordinate Voting Shares or for other reasons, and that the Company’s application to cease to be a reporting issuer under applicable Canadian securities laws may not be accepted or may be delayed.
Consequently, all of the Forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the Forward-looking information contained herein represents the Company’s expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such Forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
For further information please contact:
Investors
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
Media
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Nuvei receives all regulatory approvals for going private transaction
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-receives-all-regulatory-approvals-for-going-private-transaction
Nuvei Corporation has obtained all regulatory approvals to finalize its arrangement with Neon Maple Purchaser Inc., backed by Advent International and Philip Fayer, expected to close by November 15, 2024.
MONTREAL, November 13, 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI)(TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, announced today that it has received all regulatory approvals required in connection with the closing of the previously-announced plan of arrangement under the Canada Business Corporations Act (the “Arrangement”) involving the Company and Neon Maple Purchaser Inc., an entity formed by Advent International, with the support and participation of Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc. and CDPQ. The Company expects that, subject to the satisfaction at closing of the remaining closing conditions, the Arrangement will be completed on or about November 15, 2024.
The Arrangement was approved by Nuvei shareholders at a special meeting of shareholders held on June 18, 2024, and the Company obtained a final order from the Superior Court of Québec (Commercial Division) approving the Arrangement on June 20, 2024.
Further details regarding the Arrangement are provided in the management information circular of the Company dated May 13, 2024, which was mailed to Nuvei shareholders in connection with the Arrangement, a copy of which is available under the Company's profile on SEDAR+ at
www.sedarplus.ca
and on EDGAR at
www.sec.gov
.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei's modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking information” and “forward-looking statements” (collectively, “Forward-looking information”) within the meaning of applicable securities laws. This Forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as “may”, “would”, “should”, “could”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “foresee”, “believe”, or “continue”, the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all Forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, statements regarding the Arrangement, including the proposed timing of completion of the Arrangement, are Forward-looking information.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain Forward-looking information. Statements containing Forward looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management’s expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, and although the Forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what management believes are reasonable assumptions, readers are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the Forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company’s control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such Forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Company's annual information form filed on March 5, 2024, and under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Company's management's discussion and analysis for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. These risks and uncertainties further include (but are not limited to) as concerns the Arrangement, the failure of the parties to satisfy the remaining conditions to the completion of the Arrangement or satisfy such conditions in a timely manner, significant transaction costs or unknown liabilities, failure to realize the expected benefits of the Arrangement, and general economic conditions. Failure to satisfy the remaining conditions to the completion of the Arrangement may result in the Arrangement not being completed on the proposed terms, or at all. In addition, if the Arrangement is not completed, and the Company continues as a publicly-traded entity, there are risks that the announcement of the Arrangement and the dedication of substantial resources of the Company to the completion of the Arrangement could have an impact on its business and strategic relationships (including with future and prospective employees, customers, suppliers and partners), operating results and activities in general, and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the Company may be required to pay a termination fee to the purchaser pursuant to the terms of the arrangement agreement governing the Arrangement, which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations and its ability to fund growth prospects and current operations.
Consequently, all of the Forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements, and there can be no guarantee that the results or developments that management anticipates will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences or effects on the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operation. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the Forward-looking information contained herein represents the Company’s expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such Forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
For further information please contact:
Investors
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
Media
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei Announces Third Quarter 2024 Results
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-announces-third-quarter-2024-results
Nuvei Announces Third Quarter 2024 Results
Nuvei reports in U.S. dollars and in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”)
MONTREAL, NOVEMBER 12, 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today reported its financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024.
“We are pleased to report third quarter financial results that underscore the rapid scaling of our business, with total volume increasing 27% and revenue higher by 17% year-over-year, setting us up well to achieve our targeted growth in the quarters and years ahead as we deliver more differentiated value across our global payment solutions platform,” said Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO. “Our business remains highly profitable, with third quarter margins reflecting opportunistic investments to expand our global footprint. As we look to finalize our pending take-private, we are already executing on a highly compelling value creation plan, and we have initiated the process of adding 300-plus new roles across our product, technology, and commercial teams,” concluded Fayer.
Financial Highlights for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to 2023:
Total volume(a) increased by 27% to $61.3 billion from $48.2 billion;
Revenue increased by  17% to $357.6 million from $304.9 million;
Net income increased to $17.2 million from a net loss of  $18.1 million;
Adjusted EBITDA(b) decreased by 2% to $108.8 million from $110.7 million;
Adjusted net income(b) decreased by 8% to $52.3 million from $56.8 million;
Net income per diluted share increased to $0.10 from a net loss per diluted share of  $0.14;
Adjusted net income per diluted share(b) decreased by 13% to $0.34 from $0.39;
Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures(b) decreased to $92.6 million from $97.5 million.
Financial Highlights for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to 2023:
Total volume(a) increased by 30% to $183.1 billion from $141.2 billion;
Revenue increased 20% to $1,038.2 million from $868.4 million;
Net income increased to $17.8 million from a net loss of  $14.8 million;
Adjusted EBITDA(b) increased by 7% to $340.4 million from $317.3 million;
Adjusted net income(b) decreased by 1% to $177.4 million from $179.3 million;
Net income per diluted share increased to $0.08 from a net loss per diluted share of $0.14;
Adjusted net income per diluted share(b) decreased by 4% to $1.16 from $1.21;
Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures(b)increased by 4% to $288.0 million from $277.0 million; and,
Cash dividends declared were $42.3 million.
(a) Total volume does not represent revenue earned by the Company, but rather the total dollar value of transactions processed by merchants under contractual agreement with the Company. See “Non-IFRS and Other Financial Measures”.
(b) Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted net income, Adjusted net income per diluted share and Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures are non-IFRS measures and non-IFRS ratios. These measures are not recognized measures under IFRS and do not have standardized meanings prescribed by IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. See “Non-IFRS and Other Financial Measures”.
Proposed take private transaction
As previously announced, on April 1, 2024 the Company entered into a definitive arrangement agreement to be taken private by Advent International (“Advent”), one of the world’s largest and most experienced global private equity investors, as well as a longstanding sponsor in the payments space, alongside existing Canadian shareholders Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc. and Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec, in an all-cash transaction which values the Company at an enterprise value of approximately $6.3 billion (the “Proposed transaction”). Advent will acquire all the issued and outstanding Subordinate Voting Shares and any Multiple Voting Shares (collectively the “Shares”) that are not Rollover Shares , for a price of $34.00 per Share, in cash. This price represents an attractive and significant premium of approximately 56% to the closing price of the Subordinate Voting Shares on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) on March 15, 2024, the last trading day prior to media reports concerning a potential transaction involving the Company, and a premium of approximately 48% to the 90-day volume weighted average trading price per Subordinate Voting Share as of such date.
The Proposed transaction will be implemented by way of a statutory plan of arrangement under the Canada Business Corporations Act. The Proposed transaction was approved by shareholders at a special meeting held on June 18, 2024 and received court approval on June 20, 2024. The Proposed transaction remains subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of key regulatory approvals (a majority of which were received and/or for which the waiting period has expired as of the date hereof, with a limited number of approvals remaining outstanding), is not subject to any financing condition and, assuming the timely receipt of all required key regulatory approvals, is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2024.
Following completion of the transaction, it is expected that the Subordinate Voting Shares will be delisted from each of the Toronto Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq and that Nuvei will cease to be a reporting issuer in all applicable Canadian jurisdictions and will deregister the Subordinate Voting Shares with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
Cash Dividend
Nuvei today announced that its Board of Directors has authorized and declared a cash dividend of $0.10 per Subordinate Voting Share and Multiple Voting Share, payable on December 12, 2024 to shareholders of record on November 26, 2024. The aggregate amount of the dividend is expected to be approximately $14 million, to be funded from the Company’s existing cash on hand. In accordance with the Plan of  arrangement, shareholders are entitled to dividends with a record date prior to the effective date of the Proposed transaction. Should the Proposed transaction be completed before the record date, the dividend will not be paid. Accordingly, payment of the dividend will be made on December 12, 2024 if the Proposed transaction is not completed prior to the record date of November 26, 2024.
The Company, for the purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and any similar provincial or territorial legislation, designates the dividend declared for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, and any future dividends, to be eligible dividends. The Company further expects to report such dividends as a dividend to U.S. shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Subject to applicable limitations, dividends paid to certain non-corporate U.S. shareholders may be eligible for taxation as “qualified dividend income” and therefore may be taxable at rates applicable to long-term capital gains. A U.S. shareholder should talk to its advisor regarding such dividends, including with respect to the “extraordinary dividend” provisions of the Internal Revenue Code (US).
The declaration, timing, amount and payment of future dividends remain at the discretion of the Board of Directors, as more fully described under the heading “Forward-Looking Information” of this press release.
Conference Call, Financial Outlook and Growth Targets
In light of the Proposed transaction, Nuvei no longer holds earnings conference calls or provides a financial outlook or growth targets.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Non-IFRS and Other Financial Measures
Nuvei’s condensed interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS applicable to the preparation of interim financial statements, including IAS 34, Interim Financial Reporting, as issued by the IASB. The information presented in this press release includes non-IFRS financial measures, non-IFRS financial ratios and supplementary financial measures, namely Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted net income, Adjusted net income per basic share, Adjusted net income per diluted share, Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures and Total volume. These measures are not recognized measures under IFRS and do not have standardized meanings prescribed by IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. Rather, these measures are provided as additional information to complement IFRS measures by providing further understanding of our results of operations from our perspective. Accordingly, these measures should not be considered in isolation nor as a substitute for analysis of the Company’s financial statements reported under IFRS. These measures are used to provide investors with additional insight of our operating performance and thus highlight trends in Nuvei’s business that may not otherwise be apparent when relying solely on IFRS measures. We also believe that securities analysts, investors and other interested parties frequently use these non-IFRS and other financial measures in the evaluation of issuers. We also use these measures to facilitate operating performance comparisons from period to period, to prepare annual operating budgets and forecasts and to determine components of management compensation. We believe these measures are important additional measures of our performance, primarily because they and similar measures are used widely among others in the payment technology industry as a means of evaluating a company’s underlying operating performance.
Non-IFRS Financial Measures
Adjusted EBITDA:
We use Adjusted EBITDA as a means to evaluate operating performance, by eliminating the impact of non-operational or non-cash items. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) before finance costs (recovery), finance income, depreciation and amortization, income tax expense, acquisition, integration and severance costs, share-based payments and related payroll taxes, loss (gain) on foreign currency exchange, and legal settlement and other.
Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures:
We use Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures (which we define as acquisition of intangible assets and property and equipment) as a supplementary indicator of our operating performance.
Adjusted net income:
We use Adjusted net income as an indicator of business performance and profitability with our current tax and capital structure. Adjusted net income is defined as net income (loss) before acquisition, integration and severance costs, share-based payments and related payroll taxes, loss (gain) on foreign currency exchange, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and the related income tax expense or recovery for these items. Adjusted net income also excludes change in redemption value of liability-classified common and preferred shares, change in fair value of share repurchase liability and accelerated amortization of deferred financing fees and legal settlement and other.
Non-IFRS Financial Ratios
Adjusted net income per basic share and per diluted share: We use Adjusted net income per basic share and per diluted share as an indicator of performance and profitability of our business on a per share basis. Adjusted net income per basic share and per diluted share means Adjusted net income less net income attributable to non-controlling interest divided by the basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period, respectively. The number of share-based awards used in the diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding in the Adjusted net income per diluted share calculation is determined using the treasury stock method as permitted under IFRS.
Supplementary Financial Measures
We monitor the following key performance indicators to help us evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and make strategic decisions. Our key performance indicators may be calculated in a manner that differs from similar key performance indicators used by other companies.
Total volume:
We believe Total volume is an indicator of performance of our business. Total volume and similar measures are used widely among others in the payments industry as a means of evaluating a company’s performance. We define Total volume as the total dollar value of transactions processed in the period by customers under contractual agreement with us. Total volume does not represent revenue earned by us. Total volume includes acquiring volume, where we are in the flow of funds in the settlement transaction cycle, gateway/technology volume, where we provide our gateway/technology services but are not in the flow of funds in the settlement transaction cycle, as well as the total dollar value of transactions processed relating to APMs and payouts. Since our revenue is primarily sales volume and transaction-based, generated from merchants’ daily sales and through various fees for value-added services provided to our customers, fluctuations in Total volume will generally impact our revenue.
Forward-Looking Information
This press release contains “forward-looking information” and “forward-looking statements” (collectively, “Forward-looking information”) within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Such forward-looking information may include, without limitation, information with respect to our objectives and the strategies to achieve these objectives, as well as information with respect to our beliefs, plans, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions. This forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as “may”, “would”, “should”, “could”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “foresee”, “believe”, or “continue”, the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, information regarding our expectations of future results, performance, achievements, prospects or opportunities or the markets in which we operate, expectations regarding industry trends and the size and growth rates of addressable markets, our business plans and growth strategies, addressable market opportunity for our solutions, expectations regarding growth and cross-selling opportunities and intention to capture an increasing share of addressable markets, the costs and success of our sales and marketing efforts, intentions to expand existing relationships, further penetrate verticals, enter new geographical markets, expand into and further increase penetration of international markets, intentions to selectively pursue and successfully integrate acquisitions, and expected acquisition outcomes, cost savings, synergies and benefits, including with respect to the acquisition of Paya, future investments in our business and anticipated capital expenditures, our intention to continuously innovate, differentiate and enhance our platform and solutions, expected pace of ongoing legislation of regulated activities and industries, our competitive strengths and competitive position in our industry, and expectations regarding our revenue, revenue mix and the revenue generation potential of our solutions and expectations regarding our margins and future profitability, as well as statements regarding the Proposed transaction with Advent International L.P., alongside existing Canadian shareholders Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc., and Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec, including the proposed timing and various steps contemplated in respect of the transaction and statements regarding the plans, objectives, and intentions of Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc., Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec or Advent, are forward-looking information. Economic and geopolitical uncertainties, including regional conflicts and wars, including potential impacts of sanctions, may also heighten the impact of certain factors described herein.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management’s expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, regarding, among other things, assumptions regarding foreign exchange rate, competition, political environment and economic performance of each region where the Company operates and general economic conditions and the competitive environment within our industry, including the following assumptions: (a) the Company will continue to effectively execute against its key strategic growth priorities, without any material adverse impact from macroeconomic or geopolitical headwinds on its or its customers' business, financial condition, financial performance, liquidity or any significant reduction in demand for its products and services, (b) the economic conditions in our core markets, geographies and verticals, including resulting consumer spending and employment, remaining at close to current levels, (c) assumptions as to foreign exchange rates and interest rates, including inflation, (d) the Company's continued ability to manage its growth effectively, (e) the Company's ability to continue to attract and retain key talent and personnel required to achieve its plans and strategies, including sales, marketing, support and product and technology operations, in each case both domestically and internationally, (f) the Company’s ability to successfully identify, complete, integrate and realize the expected benefits of past and recent acquisitions and manage the associated risks, as well as future acquisitions, (g) the absence of adverse changes in legislative or regulatory matters, (h) the Company’s continued ability to upskill and modify its compliance capabilities as regulations change or as the Company enters new markets or offers new products or services, (i) the Company’s continued ability to access liquidity and capital resources, including its ability to secure debt or equity financing on satisfactory terms, and (j) the absence of adverse changes in current tax laws. Unless otherwise indicated, forward-looking information does not give effect to the potential impact of any mergers, acquisitions, divestitures or business combinations that may be announced or closed after the date hereof. Although the forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what we believe are reasonable assumptions, investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under “Risk Factors” of the Company's annual information form ("AIF") and the “Risk Factor’s” in the Company’s management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 (“MD&A”), such as: risks relating to our business, industry and overall economic uncertainty; the rapid developments and change in our industry; substantial competition both within our industry and from other payments providers; challenges implementing our growth strategy; challenges to expand our product portfolio and market reach; changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, consumer spending and other macroeconomic factors affecting our customers and our results of operations; challenges in expanding into new geographic regions internationally and continuing our growth within our markets; challenges in retaining existing customers, increasing sales to existing customers and attracting new customers; reliance on third-party partners to distribute some of our products and services; risks associated with future acquisitions, partnerships or joint-ventures; challenges related to economic and political conditions, business cycles and credit risks of our customers, such as wars like the Russia-Ukraine and Middle East conflicts and related economic sanctions; the occurrence of a natural disaster, a widespread health epidemic or pandemic or other similar events; history of net losses and additional significant investments in our business; our level of indebtedness; challenges to secure financing on favorable terms or at all; difficulty to maintain the same rate of revenue growth as our business matures and to evaluate our future prospects; inflation; challenges related to a significant number of our customers being small and medium businesses ("SMBs"); a certain degree of concentration in our customer base and customer sectors; compliance with the requirements of payment networks; reliance on, and compliance with, the requirements of acquiring banks and payment networks; challenges related to the reimbursement of chargebacks from our customers; financial liability related to the inability of our customers (merchants) to fulfill their requirements; our bank accounts being located in multiple territories and relying on banking partners to maintain those accounts; decline in the use of electronic payment methods; loss of key personnel or difficulties hiring qualified personnel; deterioration in relationships with our employees; impairment of a significant portion of intangible assets and goodwill; increasing fees from payment networks; misappropriation of end-user transaction funds by our employees; frauds by customers, their customers or others; coverage of our insurance policies; the degree of effectiveness of our risk management policies and procedures in mitigating our risk exposure; the integration of a variety of operating systems, software, hardware, web browsers and networks in our services; the costs and effects of pending and future litigation; various claims such as wrongful hiring of an employee from a competitor, wrongful use of confidential information of third parties by our employees, consultants or independent contractors or wrongful use of trade secrets by our employees of their former employers; deterioration in the quality of the products and services offered; managing our growth effectively; challenges from seasonal fluctuations on our operating results; changes in accounting standards; estimates and assumptions in the application of accounting policies; risks associated with less than full control rights of some of our subsidiaries and investments; challenges related to our holding company structure; impacts of climate change; development of AI and its integration in our operations, as well as risks relating to intellectual property and technology, risks related to data security incidents, including cyber-attacks, computer viruses, or otherwise which may result in a disruption of services or liability exposure; challenges regarding regulatory compliance in the jurisdictions in which we operate, due to complex, conflicting and evolving local laws and regulations and legal proceedings and risks relating to our Subordinate Voting Shares. [These risks and uncertainties further include (but are not limited to) as concerns the Proposed transaction with Advent, the failure of the parties to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals or to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction, failure of the parties to obtain such approvals or satisfy such conditions in a timely manner, significant transaction costs or unknown liabilities, failure to realize the expected benefits of the transaction, and general economic conditions. Failure to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, or the failure of the parties to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction or to complete the transaction, may result in the transaction not being completed on the proposed terms, or at all.] In addition, if the transaction is not completed, and the Company continues as a publicly-traded entity, there are risks that the announcement of the Proposed transaction and the dedication of substantial resources of the Company to the completion of the transaction could have an impact on its business and strategic relationships (including with future and prospective employees, customers, suppliers and partners), operating results and activities in general, and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the Company may be required to pay a termination fee pursuant to the terms of the arrangement agreement which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations and its ability to fund growth prospects and current operations.
Our dividend policy is at the discretion of the Board. Any future determination to declare cash dividends on our securities will be made at the discretion of our Board, subject to applicable Canadian laws, and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions (including covenants contained in our credit facilities), general business conditions and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. Further, our ability to pay dividends, as well as make share repurchases, will be subject to applicable laws and contractual restrictions contained in the instruments governing our indebtedness, including our credit facility. Any of the foregoing may have the result of restricting future dividends or share repurchases.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements, and there can be no guarantee that the results or developments that we anticipate will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences or effects on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the forward-looking information contained herein represents our expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, we disclaim any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
Contact:
Investors
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
(a)	These expenses relate to:
(i)	professional, legal, consulting, accounting and other fees and expenses related to our acquisition and financing activities, including the expenses related to the Proposed transaction. For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, these expenses were $2.4 million and $16.8 million ($3.4 million and $23.0 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023). These costs are presented in the professional fees line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(ii)	acquisition-related compensation was $0.7 million and $2.4  million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and $0.6 million and $3.5 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023. These costs are presented in the employee compensation line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(iii)	change in deferred purchase consideration for previously acquired businesses.  No amount was recognized for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. These amounts are presented in the contingent consideration adjustment line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(iv)	severance and integration expenses, which were $4.6 million and $5.1  million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 ($1.1 million and $10.6 million for three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023). These expenses are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses and cost of revenue.
(b)	These expenses are recognized in connection with stock options and other awards issued under share-based plans as well as related payroll taxes that are directly attributable to share-based payments. For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the expenses consisted of non-cash share-based payments of $14.9 million and $65.3 million ($34.0 million and $105.5 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023), $0.5 million and $4.9 million for related payroll taxes ($0.1 million and $0.9 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023),
(c)	This primarily represents legal settlements and associated legal costs, as well as non-cash gains, losses and provisions and certain other costs. These costs are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the gain consisted mainly of a gain on business combination of $4.0 million.
(a)	This line item relates to amortization expense taken on intangible assets created from the purchase price adjustment process on acquired companies and businesses and resulting from a change in control of the Company.
(b)	These expenses relate to:
(i)	professional, legal, consulting, accounting and other fees and expenses related to our acquisition and financing activities, including the expenses related to the Proposed transaction. For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, these expenses were $2.4 million and $16.8 million ($3.4 million and $23.0 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023). These costs are presented in the professional fees line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(ii)   acquisition-related compensation was $0.7 million and $2.4  million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and $0.6 million and $3.5 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023. These costs are presented in the employee compensation line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(iii)  change in deferred purchase consideration for previously acquired businesses.  No amount was recognized for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. These amounts are presented in the contingent consideration adjustment line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(iv)  severance and integration expenses, which were $4.6 million and $5.1 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 ($1.1 million and $10.6 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023). These expenses are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses and cost of revenue.
(c)	These expenses are recognized in connection with stock options and other awards issued under share-based plans as well as related payroll taxes that are directly attributable to share-based payments. For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the expenses consisted of non-cash share-based payments of $14.9 million and $65.3 million ($34.0 million and $105.5 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023), $0.5 million and $4.9 million for related payroll taxes ($0.1 million and $0.9 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023).
(d)	This primarily represents legal settlements and associated legal costs, as well as non-cash gains, losses and provisions and certain other costs. These costs are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the gain consisted mainly of a gain on business combination of $4.0 million.
(e)	This line item reflects income tax expense on taxable adjustments using the tax rate of the applicable jurisdiction.
(f)	The number of share-based awards used in the diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding in the Adjusted net income per diluted share calculation is determined using the treasury stock method as permitted under IFRS.
‍
‍
‍
‍
Nuvei partners with BigCommerce
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-partners-with-bigcommerce
Nuvei partners with BigCommerce
Collaboration brings Nuvei's comprehensive Nuvei for Platform integrated payments solution to BigCommerce customers, including seamless omnichannel experiences
MONTREAL and AUSTIN
, October 22, 2024 – Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today announced it has partnered with BigCommerce (Nasdaq: BIGC), a leading open SaaS and composable ecommerce platform for fast-growing and established B2C and B2B brands and retailers. This partnership, launching internationally across North America, Europe and APAC, enables BigCommerce customers to access Nuvei's comprehensive suite of omnichannel payment solutions through its Nuvei for Platforms solution, bridging the gap between online and in-store experiences through a single payment processing partner.
Nuvei's offering for BigCommerce customers provides comprehensive transaction processing capabilities, including payment acceptance, pre-authorization, refund management, advanced 3DS2 technology, multi-currency support, stored card processing, and embedded checkout integration. BigCommerce brands and retailers benefit from bank-agnostic fast settlements, access to all the relevant alternative payment methods, centralized payment management, and dedicated integration support. This single, seamless solution empowers businesses to streamline operations, cater to diverse customer preferences, and optimize payment processing costs while ensuring quick access to revenue through same-day or next-day funding.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei's Chair and CEO, commented on the announcement: “We are thrilled to partner with BigCommerce to bring our cutting-edge Nuvei for Platforms payment solutions to their global customer base, beginning in the North American, European and Australian markets. This partnership aligns perfectly with our mission to connect businesses to their customers more deeply through payments, offering tailored solutions that cater to the specific needs of eCommerce businesses that are focused on scaling their business.”
Fayer added: “By combining Nuvei's expertise in unified payment solutions with BigCommerce's robust platform, we're providing customers with the tools they need to succeed in both digital and physical marketplaces.”
Shannon Ingrey, Vice President and General Manager, APAC, at BigCommerce, stated: “Our partnership with Nuvei further illustrates our commitment to providing customers access to the highest-caliber technologies and service providers available in the industry. Nuvei shares our desire to help brands and retailers sell more and grow faster to maximize success, and we look forward to working together to mutually support customers.”
‍
Nuvei For Platforms: Accelerating growth through integrated payments
This partnership is the latest announcement from Nuvei as it continues to strengthen its global reach in the global eCommerce SaaS market, one of the fastest growing subsectors of eCommerce. Nuvei for Platforms, Nuvei’s suite of integrated payments solutions, empowers businesses to accelerate growth and drive revenue by providing them with a fully customizable solution to embed enterprise-grade payments technology into their own platforms. This solution enables platforms to offer complex, high-performance payment solutions that were once only available to large enterprises, now accessible to businesses of all sizes.
‍
About BigCommerce
BigCommerce (Nasdaq: BIGC) is a leading open SaaS and composable ecommerce platform that empowers brands and retailers of all sizes to build, innovate and grow their businesses online. BigCommerce provides its customers sophisticated enterprise-grade functionality, customization and performance with simplicity and ease-of-use. Tens of thousands of B2C and B2B companies across 150 countries and numerous industries rely on BigCommerce, including Burrow, Coldwater Creek, Francesca’s, Harvey Nichols, King Arthur Baking Co., MKM Building Supplies, United Aqua Group and Uplift Desk. For more information, please visit www.bigcommerce.com or follow us on X and LinkedIn.
BigCommerce® is a registered trademark of BigCommerce Pty. Ltd. Third-party trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.
‍
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 716 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information,
visit www.nuvei.com
‍
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
‍
‍
JCB and Nuvei expand global partnership in APAC
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
jcb-and-nuvei-expand-global-partnership-in-apac
JCB International and Nuvei Corporation announce the expansion of their partnership to include Singapore and Hong Kong, enhancing payment solutions for over 158 million JCB cardmembers. This collaboration strengthens Nuvei’s position in the APAC eCommerce market, allowing merchants to seamlessly accept JCB payments. Learn more about this strategic move and its implications for businesses in the region.
Businesses in Singapore and Hong Kong can now accept payments by JCB credit and debit cards through their existing single integration with Nuvei
TOKYO and MONTREAL, October 8, 2024
– JCB International Co., Ltd. ("JCB"), Japan's only international payment brand, today announced that it has expanded its global partnership with Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, to include Singapore and Hong Kong. This expansion builds upon Nuvei's existing relationship with JCB in Europe, further strengthening Nuvei's position in the rapidly growing Asia-Pacific (APAC) eCommerce market.
Through this enhanced partnership, Nuvei now offers JCB acceptance to its global merchant ecosystem, enabling JCB's community of more than 158 million cardmembers to pay directly to online businesses integrated with Nuvei. This development is particularly significant for Nuvei's customers in the APAC region,
including leading eCommerce brands such as Charles & Keith
.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei's Chair and CEO, commented on the announcement: "Extending our partnership with JCB to Singapore and Hong Kong enhances our service offering for businesses in strategic APAC markets and demonstrates our commitment to providing comprehensive payment solutions that drive growth for our clients globally."
The expansion of the JCB partnership aligns with Nuvei's ongoing strategic investments in the APAC region. Nuvei is a fully licensed direct local acquirer in Singapore and Hong Kong, and
recently obtained a Major Payment Institution (MPI) license in Singapore
.
Nuvei's modular payments platform enables clients to securely connect with customers in over 200 markets worldwide through a single integration, accepting 716 alternative payment methods and offering acquiring in over 50 markets. This extensive reach and flexibility are particularly valuable in the context of the rapidly expanding eCommerce markets in Singapore and Hong Kong.
Singapore’s eCommerce market is predicted to grow at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of nearly 10%, with gross merchandise value
expected to reach US$23.5 billion by 2027
. Hong Kong's eCommerce market is projected to grow at a similar CAGR of nearly 9%, with
revenues expected to exceed US$7 billion by 2029
.
Hiroko Michishita, Managing Director, JCB International Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd., said, “Between 2021 and 2022, JCB has almost doubled the volume of ecommerce transactions in Singapore. While East Asia is our traditional stronghold, we have seen substantial growth in our ASEAN card base of 132% from 2018 to 2023. Nuvei’s latest expansion into Singapore and Hong Kong complements JCB’s long-term growth strategy. We are confident that Nuvei’s presence in Asia will enable both companies to work closer together and quickly achieve substantial sales volumes.”
‍
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 716 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information,
visit www.nuvei.com
‍
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
About JCB
JCB is a major global payment brand and a leading credit card issuer and acquirer in Japan. JCB launched its card business in Japan in 1961 and began expanding worldwide in 1981. Its acceptance network includes about 49 million merchants around the world. JCB Cards are now issued mainly in Asian countries and territories, with more than 158 million cardmembers. As part of its international growth strategy, JCB has formed alliances with hundreds of leading banks and financial institutions globally to increase its merchant coverage and cardmember base. As a comprehensive payment solution provider, JCB commits to providing responsive and high-quality service and products to all customers worldwide. For more information, please visit:
www.global.jcb/en/
‍
Contact:
Kosuke Ochiai
Corporate Communications
Tel: +81-3-5778-8353
Email:
jcb-pr@info.jcb.co.jp
‍
Nuvei for Platforms adds new functionality
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-for-platforms-adds-new-functionality
Discover how Nuvei's latest platform enhancements, including decoupled pay-ins/payouts, split payments, and auto reconciliation, empower businesses like marketplaces, ISVs, and payment facilitators to optimize payments and drive revenue globally.
Upgrades to Nuvei’s suite of seamless Embedded Payments solutions unlocks new growth opportunities for businesses of all sizes
MONTREAL, September 24 2024
– Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei" or the "Company") (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today announced the launch of several new features and enhancements for its Nuvei for Platforms product.
Nuvei for Platforms is designed to accelerate growth and drive revenue for various business models, including marketplaces, commerce platforms, the gig economy, payment facilitators, and independent software vendors (ISVs).  Through a single integration, businesses can customize Nuvei's comprehensive suite of payments technology, including merchant onboarding, pay-ins and payouts, optimization, orchestration, fraud prevention, and risk management.
Highlights of Nuvei for Platforms’ new features and enhancements include:
Decoupled pay-ins and payouts
to provide greater flexibility in managing cash flow, optimize currency conversions, and tailor payment strategies to specific market needs. Businesses can also expand their geographic reach for payment acceptance, choosing from over 700 local and alternative payment methods. Nuvei for Platforms currently supports decoupled pay-ins and payouts in the UK and EU, with global expansion to follow.
Split Payments:
Nuvei's split payments feature streamlines operations by automatically splitting each processed transaction into the platform's commission and the seller's fee, ensuring PSD2 compliance. It also enables seamless multi-seller management and simplifies regulatory compliance by keeping the platform out of the money flow.
Auto Reconciliation:
Nuvei's auto reconciliation capabilities consolidate multiple incoming payment flows into a single payout to the seller or platform, simplifying accounting and operations.
Balance Management:
New features include the ability to transfer funds between marketplace and seller accounts, allowing platforms to charge for corrections or monthly fees.
Seller Invoicing:
Nuvei’s seller invoicing feature has been updated to offer enhanced customization and white-label options, allowing businesses to tailor invoices to their brand identity and specific operational needs.
Amidst the digital transformation of the global commerce landscape, the Embedded Payments market is poised for continued rapid growth, translating into substantial revenue opportunities for Nuvei via its Nuvei for Platforms product suite. The market, valued at approximately USD $83bn in 2023, is projected to expand at a compound annual growth rate of greater than 30%,
reaching an estimated $730bn by 2032
.
"Our mission is to empower businesses to connect more deeply with their customers through innovative payments solutions. This new functionality is a testament to that commitment," said Philip Fayer, Nuvei's Chair and CEO. "By enhancing the embedded payments capabilities of our platform, we're enabling our customers – from marketplaces and commerce platforms to payment facilitators and software providers – to offer a seamless, customized payments experience that unlocks new growth opportunities."
The growth of marketplace payments
Marketplace payments are experiencing rapid growth, driven by the surge in eCommerce adoption and the international expansion of many of the globe’s leading online marketplaces. Marketplaces are now the single largest source of online consumer purchases, with estimates ranging from
40-60% of all consumer payments taking place via a marketplace platform
. The relevance of marketplaces will continue to grow, with Gross Merchandise Value reaching an estimated
$3.8tn for the top 100 global marketplaces in 2024
.
By leveraging Nuvei's cutting-edge solutions, businesses can unlock new revenue streams and capitalize on the booming marketplace economy. The flexibility and control provided by the decoupled pay-in and payout processes, along with the availability of localized payment methods, position Nuvei as a key strategic partner in driving marketplace success.
In conjunction with introducing these new product enhancements to its Nuvei for Platforms offering, Nuvei recently acquired marketplace technology provider Payaut and is excited to welcome its expert team that brings even more specialized knowledge to support our ongoing commitment to innovation in the payments space.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 716 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei publishes its Third Annual Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Report
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-publishes-its-third-annual-environmental-social-and-governance-esg-report
Discover Nuvei’s 2023 ESG Report detailing advancements in corporate governance, gender equality, environmental impact, and team member engagement. Learn more about the company's ongoing commitment to transparency, accountability, and sustainability.
MONTREAL, September 5 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, announces today that it has published its third annual ESG Report for 2023.
The report details Nuvei’s ongoing achievements across the key pillars of its ESG strategy and highlights the various ways Nuvei continues to deliver on its vision of being a people-first, technology-led global payments platform.
“Sound corporate governance, strong information security procedures, team member well-being, positive community contributions, and environmental stewardship have been cornerstones of our culture since our inception more than 20 years ago,” said Philip Fayer, Chair and CEO of Nuvei. “We remain committed to an ESG journey that relies on continuous improvement in our transparency, accountability, and results.”
A selection of Nuvei’s 2023 ESG achievements detailed in the report include:
Integrating ESG Materiality Assessment Results: Nuvei worked to incorporate the results of the inaugural ESG Materiality Assessment and align the Company’s ESG priorities with long-term strategy
ESG Policy: The Company established a formal ESG Policy summarizing its commitments and sustainability initiatives
Team Member Engagement Survey: Nuvei completed and began implementing the results from its first companywide team member engagement survey. Through this process and team member insights the Company established new team member resources and engagement initiatives
Team Member Resource Group: The Company established a formal Team Member Resource Group, OneNuvei, and its three sub-groups: DE&I, Whole Person Wellness and Global Collaboration
Commitment to Gender Equality: As the Company continually strives to empower its team members and achieve equality regardless of gender, Nuvei is proud to have met a goal set out by the Company’s Board Diversity Policy for Women to represent at least 30% of the Board by the end of fiscal year 2023
GHG Emissions Assessment: Nuvei further assessed the results of its formal Greenhouse Gas ("GHG") Inventory to better understand its environmental impact and identify where the Company can make the most difference
Data in this report has been aligned with the Sustainability Accounting Standards (SASB) Technology and Communications standards for the Software and IT Services Industry and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDGs)
The full report is available to read and download online
here
.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 716 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
Scanco selects Nuvei to boost B2B payments for warehouse and manufacturing operations
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
scanco-selects-nuvei-to-boost-b2b-payments-for-warehouse-and-manufacturing-operations
Nuvei Corporation (Nasdaq: NVEI) partners with Scanco Software to enhance the i2PAY solution, integrating advanced payment processing and ERP capabilities to streamline operations, improve cash flow, and support international expansion for manufacturing and distribution sectors.
Partnership enhances payment capabilities for Scanco customers, streamlining operations and improving financial visibility
MONTREAL and NOKOMIS, Florida, August 8 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today announces its partnership with Scanco Software, LLC ("Scanco"), a leading provider of innovative software solutions for the manufacturing and distribution industries, to enhance Scanco’s new Invoice2Payment (i2PAY) solution.
i2PAY complements Scanco’s existing warehouse management capabilities with payments features including online payment processing, email receipts, automated deposits, and advanced analytics. Collaborating with Nuvei enables Scanco customers to access a market-leading suite of payment solutions, including Card-Not-Present and ACH processing capabilities, integrated directly into Scanco customers' enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems, including Sage, to facilitate simplified workflows, increase back-office efficiencies, and shorten invoice-to-cash cycles.
Nuvei's ERP payments engine delivers seamlessly integrated payment acceptance and disbursement solutions to its customers, as well as single-view visibility of data and insights needed to make faster, better-informed decisions. By leveraging Nuvei's deep ERP payments expertise, and delivering near-real-time payment information, Scanco customers will be able to reconcile financial information across systems and improve visibility more efficiently.
The partnership helps Scanco facilitate its aspirations to develop an Autonomous Supply Chain platform across eCommerce, Distributed Order Management, Warehouse Management Systems and Production and Shipping. Also, by  utilizing Nuvei's global reach Scanco will achieve its future international expansion plans.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO, commented on the announcement:
By integrating our advanced B2B payment capabilities with Scanco's innovative software, we're enabling businesses to streamline their operations, improve cash flow, and make more informed financial decisions.
Andy Nunez, President & CEO of Scanco, added:
Partnering with Nuvei allows us to offer our customers a comprehensive payment solution in i2PAY that addresses the critical payment requirements of our customers. The integration of Nuvei's payment technologies with our mobility solutions will provide unparalleled efficiency and visibility for businesses operating in warehouse and manufacturing environments.
This partnership marks a significant step for Nuvei in increasing its integrated distribution and solidifying its presence as the provider of payment solutions to manufacturing and distribution customers in this rapidly growing sector.
About Scanco
Over the years, Scanco Software, LLC (
www.scanco.com
) has been at the forefront of developing new technologies for mobile warehouse, manufacturing, and payment automation solutions. Scanco's solutions deliver unequaled efficiency and visibility for distribution and manufacturing companies around the globe.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 716 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei Announces Second Quarter 2024 Results
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-announces-second-quarter-2024-results
Nuvei today reported its financial results for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024.
‍
Nuvei reports in U.S. dollars and in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”)
MONTREAL, AUGUST 6, 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today reported its financial results for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024.
Financial Highlights for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 Compared to 2023:
Total volume(a) increased by 22% to $61.7 billion from $50.6 billion;
Revenue increased by 13% to $345.5 million from $307.0 million;
Net income decreased by 54% to $5.3 million from $11.6 million;
Adjusted EBITDA(b) increased by 6% to $116.8 million from $110.3 million;
Adjusted net income(b) increased by 8% to $62.6 million from $58.1 million;
Net income per diluted share decreased to $0.02 from $0.07;
Adjusted net income per diluted share(b) increased by 5% to $0.41 from $0.39 ;
Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures(b) increased to $96.4 million from $95.9 million.
Financial Highlights for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2024 Compared to 2023:
Total volume(a) increased by 31% to $121.8 billion from $93.0 billion;
Revenue increased 21% to $680.6 million from $563.5 million;
Net income decreased by 84% to $0.5 million from $3.3 million;
Adjusted EBITDA(b) increased by 12% to $231.6 million from $206.6 million;
Adjusted net income(b) increased by 2% to $125.1 million from $122.5 million;
Net loss per diluted share was $0.02 compared to net income per diluted share of $0.00;
Adjusted net income per diluted share(b) was stable at $0.83;
Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures(b) increased by 9% to $195.5 million from $179.5 million; and,
Cash dividends declared were $28.2 million.
(a) Total volume does not represent revenue earned by the Company, but rather the total dollar value of transactions processed by merchants under contractual agreement with the Company. See “Non-IFRS and Other Financial Measures”.
(b) Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted net income, Adjusted net income per diluted share and Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures are non-IFRS measures and non-IFRS ratios. These measures are not recognized measures under IFRS and do not have standardized meanings prescribed by IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. See “Non-IFRS and Other Financial Measures”.
Proposed take private transaction
As previously announced, on April 1, 2024 the Company entered into a definitive arrangement agreement to be taken private by Advent International (“Advent”), one of the world’s largest and most experienced global private equity investors, as well as a longstanding sponsor in the payments space, alongside existing Canadian shareholders Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc. and Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec, in an all-cash transaction which values the Company at an enterprise value of approximately $6.3 billion (the “Proposed transaction”). Advent will acquire all the issued and outstanding Subordinate Voting Shares and any Multiple Voting Shares (collectively the “Shares”) that are not Rollover Shares , for a price of $34.00 per Share, in cash. This price represents an attractive and significant premium of approximately 56% to the closing price of the Subordinate Voting Shares on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) on March 15, 2024, the last trading day prior to media reports concerning a potential transaction involving the Company, and a premium of approximately 48% to the 90-day volume weighted average trading price per Subordinate Voting Share as of such date.
The Proposed transaction will be implemented by way of a statutory plan of arrangement under the Canada Business Corporations Act. The Proposed transaction was approved by shareholders at a special meeting held on June 18, 2024 and received court approval on June 20, 2024. The proposed transaction remains subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of key regulatory approvals (a number of which were received and/or for which the waiting period has expired as of the date hereof, with several approvals remaining outstanding), is not subject to any financing condition and, assuming the timely receipt of all required key regulatory approvals, is expected to close in late 2024 or the first quarter of 2025.
Following completion of the transaction, it is expected that the Subordinate Voting Shares will be delisted from each of the Toronto Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq and that Nuvei will cease to be a reporting issuer in all applicable Canadian jurisdictions and will deregister the Subordinate Voting Shares with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
Cash Dividend
Nuvei today announced that its Board of Directors has authorized and declared a cash dividend of $0.10 per Subordinate Voting Share and Multiple Voting Share, payable on September 5, 2024 to shareholders of record on August 20, 2024. The aggregate amount of the dividend is expected to be approximately $14 million, to be funded from the Company’s existing cash on hand.
The Company, for the purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and any similar provincial or territorial legislation, designates the dividend declared for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, and any future dividends, to be eligible dividends. The Company further expects to report such dividends as a dividend to U.S. shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Subject to applicable limitations, dividends paid to certain non-corporate U.S. shareholders may be eligible for taxation as “qualified dividend income” and therefore may be taxable at rates applicable to long-term capital gains. A U.S. shareholder should talk to its advisor regarding such dividends, including with respect to the “extraordinary dividend” provisions of the Internal Revenue Code (US).
The declaration, timing, amount and payment of future dividends remain at the discretion of the Board of Directors, as more fully described under the heading “Forward-Looking Information” of this press release.
Conference Call, Financial Outlook and Growth Targets
In light of the Proposed transaction, Nuvei no longer holds earnings conference calls or provides its financial outlook or growth targets.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 716 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Non-IFRS and Other Financial Measures
Nuvei’s condensed interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS applicable to the preparation of interim financial statements, including IAS 34, Interim Financial Reporting, as issued by the IASB. The information presented in this press release includes non-IFRS financial measures, non-IFRS financial ratios and supplementary financial measures, namely Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted net income, Adjusted net income per basic share, Adjusted net income per diluted share, Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures and Total volume. These measures are not recognized measures under IFRS and do not have standardized meanings prescribed by IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. Rather, these measures are provided as additional information to complement IFRS measures by providing further understanding of our results of operations from our perspective. Accordingly, these measures should not be considered in isolation nor as a substitute for analysis of the Company’s financial statements reported under IFRS. These measures are used to provide investors with additional insight of our operating performance and thus highlight trends in Nuvei’s business that may not otherwise be apparent when relying solely on IFRS measures. We also believe that securities analysts, investors and other interested parties frequently use these non-IFRS and other financial measures in the evaluation of issuers. We also use these measures to facilitate operating performance comparisons from period to period, to prepare annual operating budgets and forecasts and to determine components of management compensation. We believe these measures are important additional measures of our performance, primarily because they and similar measures are used widely among others in the payment technology industry as a means of evaluating a company’s underlying operating performance.
Non-IFRS Financial Measures
Adjusted EBITDA
: We use Adjusted EBITDA as a means to evaluate operating performance, by eliminating the impact of non-operational or non-cash items. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) before finance costs (recovery), finance income, depreciation and amortization, income tax expense, acquisition, integration and severance costs, share-based payments and related payroll taxes, loss (gain) on foreign currency exchange, and legal settlement and other.
Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures
: We use Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures (which we define as acquisition of intangible assets and property and equipment) as a supplementary indicator of our operating performance.
Adjusted net income
: We use Adjusted net income as an indicator of business performance and profitability with our current tax and capital structure. Adjusted net income is defined as net income (loss) before acquisition, integration and severance costs, share-based payments and related payroll taxes, loss (gain) on foreign currency exchange, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and the related income tax expense or recovery for these items. Adjusted net income also excludes change in redemption value of liability-classified common and preferred shares, change in fair value of share repurchase liability and accelerated amortization of deferred financing fees and legal settlement and other.
Non-IFRS Financial Ratios
Adjusted net income per basic share and per diluted share
: We use Adjusted net income per basic share and per diluted share as an indicator of performance and profitability of our business on a per share basis. Adjusted net income per basic share and per diluted share means Adjusted net income less net income attributable to non-controlling interest divided by the basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period, respectively. The number of share-based awards used in the diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding in the Adjusted net income per diluted share calculation is determined using the treasury stock method as permitted under IFRS.
Supplementary Financial Measures
We monitor the following key performance indicators to help us evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and make strategic decisions. Our key performance indicators may be calculated in a manner that differs from similar key performance indicators used by other companies.
Total volume
: We believe Total volume is an indicator of performance of our business. Total volume and similar measures are used widely among others in the payments industry as a means of evaluating a company’s performance. We define Total volume as the total dollar value of transactions processed in the period by customers under contractual agreement with us. Total volume does not represent revenue earned by us. Total volume includes acquiring volume, where we are in the flow of funds in the settlement transaction cycle, gateway/technology volume, where we provide our gateway/technology services but are not in the flow of funds in the settlement transaction cycle, as well as the total dollar value of transactions processed relating to APMs and payouts. Since our revenue is primarily sales volume and transaction-based, generated from merchants’ daily sales and through various fees for value-added services provided to our customers, fluctuations in Total volume will generally impact our revenue.
Forward-Looking Information
This press release contains “forward-looking information” and “forward-looking statements” (collectively, “Forward-looking information”) within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Such forward-looking information may include, without limitation, information with respect to our objectives and the strategies to achieve these objectives, as well as information with respect to our beliefs, plans, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions. This forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as “may”, “would”, “should”, “could”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “foresee”, “believe”, or “continue”, the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, information regarding our expectations of future results, performance, achievements, prospects or opportunities or the markets in which we operate, expectations regarding industry trends and the size and growth rates of addressable markets, our business plans and growth strategies, addressable market opportunity for our solutions, expectations regarding growth and cross-selling opportunities and intention to capture an increasing share of addressable markets, the costs and success of our sales and marketing efforts, intentions to expand existing relationships, further penetrate verticals, enter new geographical markets, expand into and further increase penetration of international markets, intentions to selectively pursue and successfully integrate acquisitions, and expected acquisition outcomes, cost savings, synergies and benefits, including with respect to the acquisition of Paya, future investments in our business and anticipated capital expenditures, our intention to continuously innovate, differentiate and enhance our platform and solutions, expected pace of ongoing legislation of regulated activities and industries, our competitive strengths and competitive position in our industry, and expectations regarding our revenue, revenue mix and the revenue generation potential of our solutions and expectations regarding our margins and future profitability, as well as statements regarding the Proposed transaction with Advent International L.P., alongside existing Canadian shareholders Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc., and Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec, including the proposed timing and various steps contemplated in respect of the transaction and statements regarding the plans, objectives, and intentions of Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc., Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec or Advent, are forward-looking information. Economic and geopolitical uncertainties, including regional conflicts and wars, including potential impacts of sanctions, may also heighten the impact of certain factors described herein.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management’s expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, regarding, among other things, assumptions regarding foreign exchange rate, competition, political environment and economic performance of each region where the Company operates and general economic conditions and the competitive environment within our industry, including the following assumptions: (a) the Company will continue to effectively execute against its key strategic growth priorities, without any material adverse impact from macroeconomic or geopolitical headwinds on its or its customers' business, financial condition, financial performance, liquidity or any significant reduction in demand for its products and services, (b) the economic conditions in our core markets, geographies and verticals, including resulting consumer spending and employment, remaining at close to current levels, (c) assumptions as to foreign exchange rates and interest rates, including inflation, (d) the Company's continued ability to manage its growth effectively, (e) the Company's ability to continue to attract and retain key talent and personnel required to achieve its plans and strategies, including sales, marketing, support and product and technology operations, in each case both domestically and internationally, (f) the Company’s ability to successfully identify, complete, integrate and realize the expected benefits of past and recent acquisitions and manage the associated risks, as well as future acquisitions, (g) the absence of adverse changes in legislative or regulatory matters, (h) the Company’s continued ability to upskill and modify its compliance capabilities as regulations change or as the Company enters new markets or offers new products or services, (i) the Company’s continued ability to access liquidity and capital resources, including its ability to secure debt or equity financing on satisfactory terms, and (j) the absence of adverse changes in current tax laws. Unless otherwise indicated, forward-looking information does not give effect to the potential impact of any mergers, acquisitions, divestitures or business combinations that may be announced or closed after the date hereof. Although the forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what we believe are reasonable assumptions, investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under “Risk Factors” of the Company's annual information form ("AIF") and the “Risk Factor’s” in the Company’s management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the three months ended June 30, 2024 (“MD&A”), such as: risks relating to our business, industry and overall economic uncertainty; the rapid developments and change in our industry; substantial competition both within our industry and from other payments providers; challenges implementing our growth strategy; challenges to expand our product portfolio and market reach; changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, consumer spending and other macroeconomic factors affecting our customers and our results of operations; challenges in expanding into new geographic regions internationally and continuing our growth within our markets; challenges in retaining existing customers, increasing sales to existing customers and attracting new customers; reliance on third-party partners to distribute some of our products and services; risks associated with future acquisitions, partnerships or joint-ventures; challenges related to economic and political conditions, business cycles and credit risks of our customers, such as wars like the Russia-Ukraine and Middle East conflicts and related economic sanctions; the occurrence of a natural disaster, a widespread health epidemic or pandemic or other similar events; history of net losses and additional significant investments in our business; our level of indebtedness; challenges to secure financing on favorable terms or at all; difficulty to maintain the same rate of revenue growth as our business matures and to evaluate our future prospects; inflation; challenges related to a significant number of our customers being small and medium businesses ("SMBs"); a certain degree of concentration in our customer base and customer sectors; compliance with the requirements of payment networks; reliance on, and compliance with, the requirements of acquiring banks and payment networks; challenges related to the reimbursement of chargebacks from our customers; financial liability related to the inability of our customers (merchants) to fulfill their requirements; our bank accounts being located in multiple territories and relying on banking partners to maintain those accounts; decline in the use of electronic payment methods; loss of key personnel or difficulties hiring qualified personnel; deterioration in relationships with our employees; impairment of a significant portion of intangible assets and goodwill; increasing fees from payment networks; misappropriation of end-user transaction funds by our employees; frauds by customers, their customers or others; coverage of our insurance policies; the degree of effectiveness of our risk management policies and procedures in mitigating our risk exposure; the integration of a variety of operating systems, software, hardware, web browsers and networks in our services; the costs and effects of pending and future litigation; various claims such as wrongful hiring of an employee from a competitor, wrongful use of confidential information of third parties by our employees, consultants or independent contractors or wrongful use of trade secrets by our employees of their former employers; deterioration in the quality of the products and services offered; managing our growth effectively; challenges from seasonal fluctuations on our operating results; changes in accounting standards; estimates and assumptions in the application of accounting policies; risks associated with less than full control rights of some of our subsidiaries and investments; challenges related to our holding company structure; impacts of climate change; development of AI and its integration in our operations, as well as risks relating to intellectual property and technology, risks related to data security incidents, including cyber-attacks, computer viruses, or otherwise which may result in a disruption of services or liability exposure; challenges regarding regulatory compliance in the jurisdictions in which we operate, due to complex, conflicting and evolving local laws and regulations and legal proceedings and risks relating to our Subordinate Voting Shares. These risks and uncertainties further include (but are not limited to) as concerns the Proposed transaction with Advent, the failure of the parties to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals or to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction, failure of the parties to obtain such approvals or satisfy such conditions in a timely manner, significant transaction costs or unknown liabilities, failure to realize the expected benefits of the transaction, and general economic conditions. Failure to obtain the necessary shareholder, regulatory and court approvals, or the failure of the parties to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction or to complete the transaction, may result in the transaction not being completed on the proposed terms, or at all. In addition, if the transaction is not completed, and the Company continues as a publicly-traded entity, there are risks that the announcement of the Proposed transaction and the dedication of substantial resources of the Company to the completion of the transaction could have an impact on its business and strategic relationships (including with future and prospective employees, customers, suppliers and partners), operating results and activities in general, and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the Company may be required to pay a termination fee pursuant to the terms of the arrangement agreement which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations and its ability to fund growth prospects and current operations.
Our dividend policy is at the discretion of the Board. Any future determination to declare cash dividends on our securities will be made at the discretion of our Board, subject to applicable Canadian laws, and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions (including covenants contained in our credit facilities), general business conditions and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. Further, our ability to pay dividends, as well as make share repurchases, will be subject to applicable laws and contractual restrictions contained in the instruments governing our indebtedness, including our credit facility. Any of the foregoing may have the result of restricting future dividends or share repurchases.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements, and there can be no guarantee that the results or developments that we anticipate will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences or effects on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the forward-looking information contained herein represents our expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, we disclaim any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
Contact:
Investors
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
(a)	These expenses relate to:
(i)	professional, legal, consulting, accounting and other fees and expenses related to our acquisition and financing activities, including the expenses related to the Proposed transaction. For the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024, these expenses were $4.2 million and $14.5 million ($1.1 million and $19.6 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023). These costs are presented in the professional fees line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(ii)	acquisition-related compensation was $0.6 million and $1.7  million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024 and $0.7 million  and $2.8    million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023. These costs are presented in the employee compensation line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(iii)	change in deferred purchase consideration for previously acquired businesses.  No amount was recognized for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. These amounts are presented in the contingent consideration adjustment line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(iv)	severance and integration expenses, which were $0.2 million  and  $0.5  million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024 ($4.8 million and $9.5 million for three months and six months ended June 30, 2023). These expenses are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses and cost of revenue.
(b)	These expenses are recognized in connection with stock options and other awards issued under share-based plans as well as related payroll taxes that are directly attributable to share-based payments. For the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024, the expenses consisted of non-cash share-based payments of $20.6 million and $50.4 million ($35.9 million and $71.4 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023), $4.1 million and $4.3 million for related payroll taxes ($0.4 million and $0.9 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023),
(c)	This primarily represents legal settlements and associated legal costs, as well as non-cash gains, losses and provisions and certain other costs. These costs are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses. For the six months ended June 30, 2024, the gain consisted mainly of a gain on business combination of $4.0 million.
(a)	This line item relates to amortization expense taken on intangible assets created from the purchase price adjustment process on acquired companies and businesses and resulting from a change in control of the Company.
(b)	These expenses relate to:
(i)	professional, legal, consulting, accounting and other fees and expenses related to our acquisition and financing activities, including the expenses related to the Proposed transaction. For the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024, these expenses were $4.2 million and $14.5  million ($1.1 million and $19.6 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023). These costs are presented in the professional fees line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(ii)   acquisition-related compensation was $0.6 million and $1.7  million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024 and $0.7 million and $2.8 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023. These costs are presented in the employee compensation line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(iii)  change in deferred purchase consideration for previously acquired businesses.  No amount was recognized for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. These amounts are presented in the contingent consideration adjustment line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(iv)  severance and integration expenses, which were $0.2 million and $0.5 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024 ($4.8 million and $9.5 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023). These expenses are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses and cost of revenue.
(c)	These expenses are recognized in connection with stock options and other awards issued under share-based plans as well as related payroll taxes that are directly attributable to share-based payments. For the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024, the expenses consisted of non-cash share-based payments of $20.6 million and $50.4 million ($35.9 million and $71.4 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023), $4.1 million and $4.3 million for related payroll taxes ($0.4 million and $0.9 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023).
(d)	This primarily represents legal settlements and associated legal costs, as well as non-cash gains, losses and provisions and certain other costs. These costs are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses. For the three months ended June 30, 2024, the gain consisted mainly of a gain on business combination of $4.0 million.
(e)	This line item reflects income tax expense on taxable adjustments using the tax rate of the applicable jurisdiction.
(f)	The number of share-based awards used in the diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding in the Adjusted net income per diluted share calculation is determined using the treasury stock method as permitted under IFRS.
‍
[1] Philip Fayer, Novacap and CDPQ (together with entities they control directly or indirectly, collectively, the "Rollover Shareholders") have agreed to roll approximately 95%, 65% and 75%, respectively, of their Shares (the "Rollover Shares") and are expected to receive in aggregate approximately US$560 million in cash for the Shares sold on closing. Philip Fayer, Novacap and CDPQ are expected to indirectly own or control approximately 24%, 18% and 12%, respectively, of the equity in the resulting private company. Percentages and amount of expected cash proceeds are based on current assumed cash position and are subject to change as a result of cash generated before closing.
Nuvei agrees to acquire licensed Payment Institution in Brazil
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-agrees-to-acquire-licensed-payment-institution-in-brazil
Nuvei Corporation (Nasdaq: NVEI, TSX: NVEI) announces the acquisition of Pay2All, enhancing its payment capabilities in Brazil. This strategic move strengthens Nuvei's presence in the LATAM region and supports the growing iGaming and eCommerce markets.
Proposed acquisition represents significant milestone in global expansion strategy and further strengthens Nuvei's presence in LATAM
MONTREAL, August 5 2024 –
Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei" or the "Company") (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today announces that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Pay2All Instituição de Pagamento Ltda. (“Pay2All”), a licensed Payment Institution authorized by the Central Bank of Brazil. This strategic milestone is expected to enhance Nuvei's capabilities in the Brazilian market and reinforces its commitment to the Latin American (LATAM) region.
The Payment Institution license will enable Nuvei to offer comprehensive payment services in Brazil as an Issuer of Electronic Currency. These include accepting payments, managing e-wallets and betting accounts, and participating in all of Brazil's local payment systems, including processing Pagamentos Instantâneos (“PIX”) transactions.
A Payment Institution license is required to provide transactional services for authorized operators in the newly regulated market of sports betting and online gaming, in accordance with Law No. 14.790/23. Brazil's iGaming market presents significant growth opportunities for Nuvei. Revenue in the Brazilian iGaming market is projected to reach US$1.97bn in 2024 and is predicted to show an annual growth rate (CAGR 2024-2029) of 15.39%, resulting in a
projected market volume of US$4.03bn by 2029
.
By securing a Payment Institution license, Nuvei will be well positioned as a payment partner of choice to the iGaming and broader eCommerce ecosystems in Brazil. The proposed transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of key regulatory approvals by the Central Bank of Brazil and local antitrust authorities.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO, commented on the announcement: "Securing a Payment Institution license in Brazil has been a top priority, and will mark another significant milestone in our global expansion strategy. The proposed transaction not only strengthens our presence in LATAM but also demonstrates our commitment to providing fully localized and modern payment solutions to businesses in Brazil. We're excited to offer our full suite of services to help drive growth for the rapidly-growing eCommerce and iGaming operators in this dynamic market."
In 2024, Nuvei already signaled its commitment to growth in LATAM through its announcement that it was
the first global payments company to offer direct local acquiring in Colombia
. In addition to securing its impending Payment Institution license in Brazil, Nuvei is also currently implementing a local acquiring service in Mexico, leading to the fulfilment of processing requirements to become a direct acquirer under the Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores (CNBV). Further strategic expansion in LATAM is scheduled to follow.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit www.nuvei.com
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains "forward-looking information" and "forward-looking statements" (collectively, "Forward-looking information") within the meaning of applicable securities laws. This Forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "may", "would", "should", "could", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "plan", "foresee", "believe", or "continue", the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, statements regarding the obtaining of the Payment Institution license and the anticipated impacts thereof are forward-looking information. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management's expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances. Forward-looking information is based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management and involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such Forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's annual information form filed on March 5, 2024, and under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's management's discussion and analysis for the three months ended March 31, 2024.
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
‍
Nuvei to Release Second Quarter 2024 Results on August 6, 2024
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-to-release-second-quarter-2024-results-on-august-6-2024
Nuvei to Release Second Quarter 2024 Results on August 6, 2024
MONTREAL, July 24, 2024 –
Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today announced it will release its second quarter 2024 results after market close on August 6, 2024.
On April 1, 2024, Nuvei announced that it entered into a definitive arrangement agreement to be taken private by Advent International, alongside existing Canadian shareholders Philip Fayer, Novacap, and CDPQ for US$34.00 per share via an all cash transaction, which values the Company at an enterprise value of approximately US$6.3 billion. In light of the announced transaction, Nuvei will not host a conference call or webcast to review the second quarter 2024 financial results.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei's modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
.
Nuvei Investor Contact:
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei introduces off-ramping of Digital Assets to cards via Mastercard Move in Europe
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-introduces-off-ramping-of-digital-assets-to-cards-via-mastercard-move-in-europe
Consumers are able to seamlessly convert assets such as cryptocurrencies into fiat funds
Consumers are able to seamlessly convert assets such as cryptocurrencies into fiat funds
MONTREAL and LONDON
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, announces today a partnership with Mastercard to launch a new off-ramping solution that enables consumers in Europe to seamlessly convert their Digital Assets, including cryptocurrencies, into traditional fiat currency via debit, credit and prepaid cards. This new functionality provides a bridge between digital and traditional finance that can be spent via Mastercard's global network. This off-ramping solution is integrated directly into Nuvei's modular payment platform, delivering a simple, secure user experience.
The off-ramping process is designed to be rapid and user-friendly. Consumers can seamlessly convert a wide range of supported Digital Assets into fiat currency. They can then transfer the funds to their eligible Mastercard in near real-time*, leveraging Mastercard Move’s money movement capabilities. No longer requiring third-party exchanges or money service businesses, this integrated solution simplifies transforming digital value into global spending circulation.
“We're excited to collaborate with Mastercard to accommodate access liquidity and payments for Digital Asset holders,” commented Philip Fayer, Chair and CEO of Nuvei. “Our mission is to enable businesses and their customers to connect through payments, wherever consumers are and however they want to pay. Offering crypto off-ramps through our single integration aligns perfectly with this mission to facilitate frictionless transactions across the digital economy.”
“Enabling choice how consumers can engage in Digital Assets in a safe, simple and secure manner in line with all relevant regulation is at the heart of our strategy in this space” added Christian Rau, Senior Vice President, Fintech and Crypto Enablement, Mastercard Europe. “Combining our global network of partners and digital solutions with Nuvei's advanced integration opens new opportunities and choice for businesses engaging in digital assets and consumers alike.”
Nuvei's off-ramp solution with Mastercard is the latest example of its strategy to connect the worlds of traditional payments, open banking and blockchain technology into one seamless experience.
*Actual posting times for approved transactions will depend on the receiving financial institution
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
Nuvei secures Retail Services Category II License from the Central Bank of the UAE
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-secures-retail-services-category-ii-license-from-the-central-bank-of-the-uae
Extends Nuvei’s local acquiring footprint into MENA and reaffirms overall commitment to the thriving region
Extends Nuvei’s local acquiring footprint into MENA and reaffirms overall commitment to the thriving region
MONTREAL, June25 2024
– Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei" orthe "Company") (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today announced that it has secured an in-principle approval for a Retail Services Category II License from the Central Bank of the UAE, representing an important strategic expansion into the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and fortifying its global presence and commitment to the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region.
The UAE is a crucial market for Nuvei's global customers due to its rapidly growing eCommerce sector, which is projected to surpass $10 billion in revenue by 2029 with an annual growth rate (CAGR 2024-2029) of approximately 9%
[1]
.
The Retail Services Category II License enables Nuvei to offer its comprehensive suite of payments technology to businesses operating in the thriving UAE market, including direct local acquiring, payment aggregation services, and domestic and cross-border fund transfers. Through direct local acquiring, Nuvei gains greater control over the payment life cycle, ensuring further optimized payment acceptance rates and lower processing costs for its customers.
Nuvei already has a strong commercial presence and existing high-profile partnerships in the region. This expansion across the MENA region reaffirms Nuvei's commitment to supporting its customers' growth both locally and internationally.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei's Chair and CEO, commented on the announcement: “Our mission is to connect our customers to their customers more deeply through payments, wherever those customers are and however they want to pay. Expanding our global licenses portfolio has been a key focus in this regard, and we can now offer the full power of our payment platform to support the growth aspirations of businesses operating in the UAE.”
Fayer added: “We extend our gratitude to the Central Bank of the UAE for its in-principle approval of our Retail Payment Services License and facilitating this opportunity. We’re thrilled to be on the cusp of launching our best-in-class services, including direct local acquiring, in such a fast-growing digital eCommerce market.”
This announcement is the latest from Nuvei as it continues to strengthen its global reach, including extending its local acquiring capabilities in more than 50 countries.In 2024 Nuvei has already announced that it had secured a Major Payment Institution (MPI) license from the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and that it is the first global payments company to offer local direct acquiring in Colombia.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq:NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services.Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
[1]
https://www.statista.com/outlook/emo/ecommerce/united-arab-emirates
‍
Nuvei Obtains Final Court Approval For Going Private Transaction With Advent
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-obtains-final-court-approval-for-going-private-transaction-with-advent
Nuvei Corporation announces final court approval for its going private transaction with Advent International. Shareholder and regulatory approvals are in progress, with completion expected by early 2025.
MONTREAL, June 20, 2024 –
Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI)(TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, announced today that the Company has obtained a final order from the Superior Court of Québec (Commercial Division) approving the previously-announced plan of arrangement under section 192 of the Canada Business Corporations Act (the "Arrangement") involving the Company and Neon Maple Purchaser Inc., a newly-formed entity controlled by Advent International, L.P. This final court approval follows the shareholder approval that was obtained at the special meeting of Nuvei’s shareholders held on Tuesday, June 18, 2024.
The Arrangement remains subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain other closing conditions customary in a transaction of this nature, including the receipt of key regulatory approvals. Assuming that these remaining conditions to closing are satisfied, the Arrangement is expected to be completed in late 2024 or in the first quarter of 2025.
Further details regarding the Arrangement are provided in the management information circular of the Company dated May 13, 2024, mailed to Nuvei shareholders in connection with the Arrangement, a copy of which is available under the Company's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei's modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains "forward-looking information" and "forward-looking statements" (collectively, "Forward-looking information") within the meaning of applicable securities laws. This forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "may", "would", "should", "could", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "plan", "foresee", "believe", or "continue", the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, statements regarding the Arrangement, including the proposed timing and various steps contemplated in respect of the Arrangement are forward-looking information.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management's expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, and although the forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what we believe are reasonable assumptions, investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's annual information form filed on March 5, 2024, and under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's management's discussion and analysis for the three months ended March 31, 2024. These risks and uncertainties further include (but are not limited to) as concerns the Arrangement, the failure of the parties to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals or to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the Arrangement, failure of the parties to obtain such approvals or satisfy such conditions in a timely manner, significant transaction costs or unknown liabilities, failure to realize the expected benefits of the Arrangement, and general economic conditions. Failure to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, or the failure of the parties to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the Arrangement or to complete the Arrangement, may result in the Arrangement not being completed on the proposed terms, or at all. In addition, if the Arrangement is not completed, and the Company continues as a publicly-traded entity, there are risks that the announcement of the Arrangement and the dedication of substantial resources of the Company to the completion of the Arrangement could have an impact on its business and strategic relationships (including with future and prospective employees, customers, suppliers and partners), operating results and activities in general, and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the Company may be required to pay a termination fee pursuant to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations and its ability to fund growth prospects and current operations.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements, and there can be no guarantee that the results or developments that we anticipate will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences or effects on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the forward-looking information contained herein represents our expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, we disclaim any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
For further information please contact:
Investors
Kingsdale Advisors
contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
Media
Joel Shaffer
FGS Longview
Joel.shaffer@fgslongview.com
‍
‍
Nuvei Obtains Shareholder Approval for Going Private Transaction With Advent
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-obtains-shareholder-approval-for-going-private-transaction-with-advent
Nuvei shareholders approve going private with Advent International. Completion expected by early 2025.
Montréal, June 18, 2024 –
Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI)(TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, is pleased to announce that, at the special meeting (the “Meeting”) of the Company’s shareholders (the “Shareholders”) held on June 18, 2024, Shareholders approved the special resolution (the “Arrangement Resolution”) approving the previously-announced plan of arrangement under section 192 of the Canada Business Corporations Act (the "Arrangement") involving the Company and Neon Maple Purchaser Inc. (the “Purchaser”), a newly-formed entity controlled by Advent International, L.P. Pursuant to the Arrangement, the Purchaser will acquire all of the issued and outstanding subordinate voting shares ("Subordinate Voting Shares") and multiple voting shares ("Multiple Voting Shares" and collectively with the Subordinate Voting Shares, the "Shares") of the Company. The Shares that are not held by Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc. (collectively, "Novacap") and Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec ("CDPQ" and, collectively with Philip Fayer and Novacap and the entities they control directly or indirectly, the "Rollover Shareholders") will be acquired for a price of US$34.00 in cash per Share.
Each of the Rollover Shareholders has agreed to sell all of their Shares to the Purchaser in exchange for consideration consisting of a combination of cash and shares in the capital of the Purchaser or an affiliate thereof. Following completion of the Arrangement, Philip Fayer, Novacap and CDPQ are expected to hold or exercise control or direction over, directly or indirectly, approximately 24%, 18% and 12%, respectively, of the common equity in the resulting private company.
Further details regarding the Arrangement are provided in the management information circular of the Company dated May 13, 2024 (the "Circular") mailed to Nuvei shareholders in connection with the Arrangement, a copy of which is available under the Company's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov.
The Arrangement Resolution was adopted on a vote by way of ballot by (i) at least two-thirds of the votes cast by the holders of Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares virtually present or represented by proxy at the Meeting, voting together as a single class (with each Subordinate Voting Share being entitled to one vote and each Multiple Voting Share being entitled to ten votes); (ii) not less than a simple majority (more than 50%) of the votes cast by the holders of Subordinate Voting Shares virtually present or represented by proxy at the Meeting; (iii) not less than a simple majority of the votes cast by the holders of Multiple Voting Shares virtually present or represented by proxy at the Meeting; and (iv) not less than a simple majority of the votes cast by the holders of Subordinate Voting Shares virtually present or represented by proxy at the Meeting (excluding the Subordinate Voting Shares held by the Rollover Shareholders and the persons required to be excluded pursuant to Multilateral Instrument 61-101 – Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions (“MI 61-101”)). In its interim order dated May 13, 2024, the Superior Court of Québec (Commercial Division) (the “Court”) declared that the vote of not less than a simple majority of the votes cast by the holders of Multiple Voting Shares virtually present or represented by proxy at the Meeting (excluding the Multiple Voting Shares held by the Rollover Shareholders and the persons required to be excluded pursuant to MI 61-101), which is required under MI 61-101, was satisfied as there are no holders of Multiple Voting Shares eligible to cast a vote thereunder, as all holders of Multiple Voting Shares are “interested parties” within the meaning of MI 61-101 and must be excluded from such vote.
Based on proxies and ballots received at the Meeting, votes were cast as follows:
‍
Category of Voting:
Holders of Subordinate Voting Shares and Multiple Voting Shares, voting together as a single class
Percentages of Votes For
: 99.24%
Percentages of Votes Against:
0.76%
‍
Category of Voting:
Holders of Subordinate Voting Shares
Percentages of Votes For:
86.08%
Percentages of Votes Against:
13.92%
‍
‍
Category of Voting:
Holders of Multiple Voting Shares
Percentages of Votes For:
100%
Percentages of Votes Against:
0%
‍
Category of Voting:
Holders of Subordinate Voting Shares, excluding the Rollover Shareholders and those required to be excluded under MI 61-101
Percentages of Votes For:
86.04%
Percentages of Votes Against:
13.96%
The Arrangement remains subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain other closing conditions customary in a transaction of this nature, including the receipt of a final order from the Court approving the Arrangement (the “Final Order”) and certain regulatory approvals. The hearing in respect of the Final Order is scheduled to take place on June 20, 2024. Assuming that these remaining conditions to closing are satisfied, the Arrangement is expected to be completed in late 2024 or the first quarter of 2025.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei's modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains "forward-looking information" and "forward-looking statements" (collectively, "Forward-looking information") within the meaning of applicable securities laws. This forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "may", "would", "should", "could", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "plan", "foresee", "believe", or "continue", the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, statements regarding the proposed transaction, including the proposed timing and various steps contemplated in respect of the transaction are forward-looking information.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management's expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, and although the forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what we believe are reasonable assumptions, investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's annual information form filed on March 5, 2024 and under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's management's discussion and analysis for the three months ended March 31, 2024. These risks and uncertainties further include (but are not limited to) as concerns the transaction, the failure of the parties to obtain the necessary regulatory and court approvals or to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction, failure of the parties to obtain such approvals or satisfy such conditions in a timely manner, significant transaction costs or unknown liabilities, failure to realize the expected benefits of the transaction, and general economic conditions. Failure to obtain the necessary regulatory and court approvals, or the failure of the parties to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction or to complete the transaction, may result in the transaction not being completed on the proposed terms, or at all. In addition, if the transaction is not completed, and the Company continues as a publicly-traded entity, there are risks that the announcement of the proposed transaction and the dedication of substantial resources of the Company to the completion of the transaction could have an impact on its business and strategic relationships (including with future and prospective employees, customers, suppliers and partners), operating results and activities in general, and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the Company may be required to pay a termination fee pursuant to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations and its ability to fund growth prospects and current operations.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements, and there can be no guarantee that the results or developments that we anticipate will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences or effects on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the forward-looking information contained herein represents our expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, we disclaim any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
For further information please contact:
Investors
Kingsdale Advisors
contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
Media
Joel Shaffer
FGS Longview
Joel.shaffer@fgslongview.com
‍
ViaPlus and Nuvei partner to offer enhanced payments experience for mobility services
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
viaplus-and-nuvei-partner-to-offer-enhanced-payments-experience-for-mobility-services
ViaPlus partners with Nuvei to offer 700+ new payment types in 150+ currencies, enhancing the payments experience for mobility services in Brazil, Peru, Colombia, and more.
Combined benefits of the ViaPlus mobility back office alongside Nuvei’s global acquiring reach and extensive APM connectivity
700+ new types of payments in 150+ currencies available to consumers using ViaPlus systems
New local solutions in countries served by VINCI Highways: Brazil, Peru and Colombia
Enhanced flexibility for both end-users and transportation agencies
CARROLLTON, TX and MONTREAL, June 11 2024 –
ViaPlus, a subsidiary of VINCI Highways, and Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today announce a partnership to deliver an enhanced payment experience for consumers when purchasing mobility services.
The partnership will integrate ViaPlus’ mobility back office, which processes and financially reconciles large volumes of transactions, with Nuvei’s global acquiring and processing reach and capacity to manage a wide variety of digital applications through extensive Alternative Payment Methods (APM) integrations.
ViaPlus’ single, seamless integration to Nuvei’s payment technology platform introduces over 700 new payment types to the ViaPlus system to form a new digital payment network called ViaPlus Nexus™. ViaPlus consumers will be able to pay for mobility services with new methods including standard digital options like Apple Pay, as well as popular local choices in countries served by the VINCI Highways network: Brazil’s Pix, Peru’s Pago Efectivo, and Colombia’s Nequi. ViaPlus will also include China’s Alipay, one of the world’s most popular digital wallets.
Further benefits include broader accessibility for customers who choose to pay cash via Nuvei’s retail payment network, and the general convenience of increased paperless payments.
Richard Arce, president and CEO of ViaPlus, states: “This initiative reflects the commitment of ViaPlus and VINCI Highways to enhancing the driver experience with secure and efficient payment methods for the global mobility ecosystem.”
Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO, added: “We’re thrilled to partner with ViaPlus. Our mission is to enable businesses to connect with their customers more deeply, and this partnership is another great example of the power of payments technology to do this. Enabling consumers to pay wherever they are, whenever they want to, and whichever payment methods they prefer is critical to the modern digital experience.”
About ViaPlus
ViaPlus is a global mobility company in the Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) market, specializing in revenue and services management solutions for the transportation industry. Our customer operations, data analytics, and full-featured, single-account back-office technology facilitate the high-volume transactions required for seamless multimodal mobility. As a VINCI Highways subsidiary, we are committed to technical innovation and to promoting a positive mobility experience for all.
www.ViaPlus.com
Contact:
Nicole Busse
NBusse@viaplus.com
About VINCI Highways
VINCI Highways, a VINCI Concessions subsidiary, is a leader in road concessions, operations and mobility services. We design, finance, build and operate highways, bridges, tunnels, urban roads and mobility services on a +3,000 km network in 14 countries. VINCI Highways leverages its expertise to deliver the highest performance and safety standards and provide drivers with  a positive experience.
More information:
https://www.vinci-concessions.com/en/vinci-highways
https://www.linkedin.com/company/vinci-highways/
@VINCIConcess
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
Second Leading Independent Proxy Advisor Glass, Lewis & Co. Recommends Nuvei Shareholders Vote “FOR” Arrangement
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
second-leading-independent-proxy-advisor-glass-lewis-co-recommends-nuvei-shareholders-vote-for-arrangement
Glass Lewis advises Nuvei shareholders to vote FOR the Arrangement with Advent International. Vote by June 14, 2024.
‍
Shareholders are encouraged to vote "FOR" the specialresolution approving the Arrangement in advance of the June 14, 2024 at 10:00a.m. (Eastern time) deadline
For more information, go to
www.NuveiPOA.com
MONTREAL, June 11 2024 –
Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei" or the "Company") (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), today announced that proxy advisory firm Glass, Lewis & Co. (“Glass Lewis”) has recommended that Nuvei shareholders vote FOR the previously announced statutory plan of arrangement (the “Arrangement”) involving the Company and Neon Maple Purchaser Inc. (the “Purchaser”), a newly-formed entity controlled by Advent International ("Advent"), pursuant to the provisions of the Canada Business Corporations Act. Pursuant to the Arrangement, the Purchaser will acquire all the issued and outstanding subordinate voting shares (“Subordinate Voting Shares”) and multiple voting shares (“Multiple Voting Shares”) of the Company (collectively, the “Shares”) that are not Rollover Shares  for a price of US$34.00 cash per Share. The special meeting of shareholders (the “Meeting”) to approve the Arrangement will be held on June 18, 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time), in a virtual format at the following link:
https://web.lumiagm.com/432819058
.
Glass Lewis is the second leading independent proxy advisory firm to recommend shareholders vote “FOR” the Arrangement, following the previously announced
recommendation from Institutional Shareholder Services
(“ISS”).
Board Recommends Shareholders Vote FOR the Arrangement
The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) has unanimously concluded (with interested directors abstaining from voting) that the Arrangement is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders and recommends that shareholders vote FOR the special resolution approving the Arrangement (the “Arrangement Resolution”). This recommendation followed the unanimous recommendation of a special committee of the Board which is comprised solely of independent directors and was formed in connection with the transaction.
The Company's management proxy circular and the Schedule 13E-3 required pursuant to the Rules under the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available under Nuvei's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov.
Vote Today FOR the Arrangement Resolution
Your vote is important regardless of the number of Shares you own.
If you are unable to be virtually present at the Meeting, we encourage you to submit your proxy or voting instruction form, so that your Shares can be voted at the Meeting in accordance with your instructions. To be counted at the Meeting, votes must be received by Nuvei’s transfer agent, TSX Trust Company, no later than 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time) on June 14, 2024, or, if the Meeting is adjourned or postponed, at least 48 hours (excluding Saturdays and holidays) prior to the commencement of the reconvened Meeting.
Shareholder Questions and Assistance
If you have any questions or require more information with respect to the procedures for voting, please contact our strategic advisor, Kingsdale Advisors by telephone at 1 (888) 327-0819 (toll-free in North America) or at (416) 623-4173 (outside of North America), or by email at contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com. For more information, please visit www.NuveiPOA.com.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei's modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
Forward-Looking Information
This press release contains "forward-looking information" and "forward-looking statements" (collectively, "Forward-looking information") within the meaning of applicable securities laws. This forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "may", "would", "should", "could", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "plan", "foresee", "believe", or "continue", the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, statements regarding the proposed transaction, including the proposed timing and various steps contemplated in respect of the transaction and statements regarding the plans, objectives, and intentions of Mr. Philip Fayer, Novacap, CDPQ or Advent are forward-looking information.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management's expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, and although the forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what we believe are reasonable assumptions, investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's annual information form filed on March 5, 2024 and under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Company’s management’s discussion and analysis for the three months ended March 31, 2024. These risks and uncertainties further include (but are not limited to) as concerns the transaction, the failure of the parties to obtain the necessary shareholder, regulatory and court approvals or to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction, failure of the parties to obtain such approvals or satisfy such conditions in a timely manner, significant transaction costs or unknown liabilities, failure to realize the expected benefits of the transaction, and general economic conditions. Failure to obtain the necessary shareholder, regulatory and court approvals, or the failure of the parties to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction or to complete the transaction, may result in the transaction not being completed on the proposed terms, or at all. In addition, if the transaction is not completed, and the Company continues as a publicly-traded entity, there are risks that the announcement of the proposed transaction and the dedication of substantial resources of the Company to the completion of the transaction could have an impact on its business and strategic relationships (including with future and prospective employees, customers, suppliers and partners), operating results and activities in general, and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the Company may be required to pay a termination fee pursuant to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations and its ability to fund growth prospects and current operations.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements, and there can be no guarantee that the results or developments that we anticipate will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences or effects on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the forward-looking information contained herein represents our expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, we disclaim any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
For further information, please contact:
Investors
Kingsdale Advisors
contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
Media
Joel Shaffer
FGS Longview
Joel.shaffer@fgslongview.com
‍
[1] Philip Fayer, certaininvestment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc. (collectively,"Novacap") and CDPQ (together with entities they control directly orindirectly, collectively, the "Rollover Shareholders") have agreed toroll approximately 95%, 65% and 75%, respectively, of their Shares (the"Rollover Shares") and are expected to receive in aggregateapproximately US$563 million in cash for the Shares sold on closing(percentages and amount of expected cash proceeds are subject to change as aresult of cash generated before closing).
Nuvei Files an Amendment to Schedule 13E-3
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-files-an-amendment-to-schedule-13e-3
Nuvei Corporation has filed a second amendment to its Rule 13e-3 transaction statement on Schedule 13E-3 with the SEC, maintaining the terms of its going private transaction with Advent International. Shareholders are encouraged to vote before June 14, 2024.
MONTREAL, June 7 2024 –
Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei" or the "Company") (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), announced today that it has filed a second amendment to its previously filed Rule 13e-3 transaction statement on Schedule 13E-3 (the "Schedule 13E-3") originally filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on May 14, 2024, as supplemented by an amendment previously filed by the Company with the SEC on June 4, 2024. Both amendments to the Schedule 13E-3 are available without charge on Nuvei's profile on EDGAR at www.sec.gov, and on its SEDAR+ profile at www.sedarplus.ca.
No changes have been made to the terms or conditions of the previously announced going private transaction with Advent International (the “Transaction”), or the date of the special meeting of shareholders of Nuvei called to approve the Transaction. Shareholders are encouraged to vote “FOR” the special resolution approving the Transaction in advance of the June 14, 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time) deadline.
No Offer of Solicitation
This announcement is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase or a solicitation of an offer to sell Subordinate Voting Shares of Nuvei.
The full details of the Transaction are described in the management information circular (including the related letter of transmittal and all other offer documents filed by Nuvei with the SEC), which is available without charge on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or on Nuvei's investor relations website at investors.nuvei.com. Offer documents required to be filed in Canada are also available without charge at www.sedarplus.ca. INVESTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY THE SCHEDULE 13E-3 AND OTHER MATERIALS FILED WITH THE SEC, AS THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE CORPORATION, THE TRANSACTION, AND RELATED MATTERS.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei's modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
Forward-Looking Information
This press release contains "forward-looking information" and "forward-looking statements" (collectively, "Forward-looking information") within the meaning of applicable securities laws. This forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "may", "would", "should", "could", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "plan", "foresee", "believe", or "continue", the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, statements regarding the proposed transaction, including the proposed timing and various steps contemplated in respect of the transaction, are forward-looking information.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management's expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, and although the forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what we believe are reasonable assumptions, investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under "Risk Factors" of the Company's annual information form filed on March 5, 2024. These risks and uncertainties further include (but are not limited to) as concerns the transaction, the failure of the parties to obtain the necessary shareholder, regulatory and court approvals or to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction, failure of the parties to obtain such approvals or satisfy such conditions in a timely manner, significant transaction costs or unknown liabilities, failure to realize the expected benefits of the transaction, and general economic conditions. Failure to obtain the necessary shareholder, regulatory and court approvals, or the failure of the parties to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction or to complete the transaction, may result in the transaction not being completed on the proposed terms, or at all. In addition, if the transaction is not completed, and the Company continues as a publicly-traded entity, there are risks that the announcement of the proposed transaction and the dedication of substantial resources of the Company to the completion of the transaction could have an impact on its business and strategic relationships (including with future and prospective employees, customers, suppliers and partners), operating results and activities in general, and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the Company may be required to pay a termination fee pursuant to the terms of the arrangement agreement entered into in connection with the Transaction which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations and its ability to fund growth prospects and current operations.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements, and there can be no guarantee that the results or developments that we anticipate will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences or effects on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the forward-looking information contained herein represents our expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, we disclaim any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
For further information, please contact:
Investors
Kingsdale Advisors
contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
Media
Joel Shaffer
FGS Longview
Joel.shaffer@fgslongview.com
Nuvei partners with Visa to offer Visa Direct in Colombia
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-partners-with-visa-to-offer-visa-direct-in-colombia
Nuvei Corporation teams up with Visa to offer Visa Direct in Colombia, enabling instant, secure payouts to financial accounts.
Nuvei is the first global payments provider to offer Visa Direct to its customers in the country.
MONTREAL, June 3 2024 –
Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today announces that it has partnered with Visa, a world leader in digital payments, to offer Visa Direct in Colombia. Nuvei is the first global payments provider to offer Visa Direct to its customers in the country.
Visa Direct is a VisaNet processing capability that allows safe, convenient, near real-time funds delivery directly to financial accounts using card credentials. Visa Direct clients use the capability to enable use cases such as person-to-person (P2P) payments, funds disbursements, bill pay, or cross border remittances directly to an eligible debit or prepaid card.
Visa Direct is available to Colombian merchants directly through their existing single integration to Nuvei's full stack modular payments technology platform. With Visa Direct, Nuvei merchants are able to provide instant payout capabilities to their customers, with transactions routed and processed in near real-time.
Instant payouts to cards enable businesses to offer a faster, secure, and seamless payment experience for customers across virtually any industry that is reliant on payouts.
“Offering instant payouts through Visa Direct supports our strategy of providing best-in-class payment solutions tailored to the needs of each market we serve,” commented Philip Fayer, Nuvei's Chair and CEO. “Colombia is one of the fastest-growing eCommerce markets in Latin America, and we're proud to deliver innovative ways for our customers to optimize their payment flows, enhance user experiences, and operate with maximum efficiency."
Partnering with Visa to offer Visa Direct continues Nuvei's first-mover advantage in rolling out industry-leading payments solutions in Colombia. Nuvei recently announced that it was
the first global payments provider to offer direct local acquiring
in the country, enabling online businesses to accept card payments from their customers without relying on intermediaries or third-party payment processors.
Visa Direct is already available to Nuvei's partner merchants in over 30 countries in Europe including the UK, as well as the U.S. and Canada in North America and Hong Kong and Singapore in APAC. Enabling Visa Direct access to businesses in Colombia is the latest extension of the global strategic partnership between Nuvei and Visa.
“Our collaboration with Nuvei is already enabling businesses in North America and Europe to harness the benefits of faster, safer, digital payouts to cards. We’re excited to be extending this partnership to Colombia so that even more merchants can offer an industry leading payments experience to their customers”, commented Humberto Guihur, Product and Innovation VP for Visa Andean Region.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
NVEI-IR
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
Leading Proxy Advisor ISS Recommends Nuvei Shareholders Vote “FOR” Arrangement
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
leading-proxy-advisor-iss-recommends-nuvei-shareholders-vote-for-arrangement
Leading proxy advisor ISS recommends Nuvei shareholders vote "FOR" the special resolution approving the Arrangement by June 14, 2024.
Nuvei Shareholders Urged to Vote "FOR" Arrangement: ISS Endorsement
Shareholders are encouraged to vote “FOR” the special resolution approving the Arrangement in advance of the June 14, 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time) deadline
For more information go to
www.NuveiPOA.com
MONTREAL, May 29, 2024 –
Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei" or the "Company") (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), today announced that proxy advisory firm Institutional Shareholder Services (“ISS”) has recommended that Nuvei shareholders vote FOR the previously announced statutory plan of arrangement (the “Arrangement”) involving the Company and Neon Maple Purchaser Inc. (the “Purchaser”), a newly-formed entity controlled by Advent International ("Advent"), pursuant to the provisions of the Canada Business Corporations Act.  Pursuant to the Arrangement, the Purchaser will acquire all the issued and outstanding subordinate voting shares (“Subordinate Voting Shares”) and multiple voting shares (“Multiple Voting Shares”) of the Company (collectively, the “Shares”) that are not Rollover Shares  for a price of US$34.00 cash per Share.  The special meeting of shareholders (the “Meeting”) to approve the Arrangement will be held on June 18, 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time), in a virtual format at the following link:
https://web.lumiagm.com/432819058
.
In making its recommendation that Nuvei shareholders vote FOR the Arrangement, ISS stated:
“[T]he offer represents a meaningful premium to the unaffected price, the sale process (and valuation) appears reasonable in the circumstances, and there are downside risks of non-approval. As such, support for the proposal is warranted.”
“At present, while the company remains a growing business with some promise, there is little available evidence that management will be able to restore the company's share price to levels seen two or three years ago in short order. Given the size of the premium and share price outperformance since the unaffected date, shareholders should probably not anticipate a sustained soft landing if the deal is rejected. On balance, in light of the foregoing considerations, shareholder support is warranted.”
The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) has unanimously concluded (with interested directors abstaining from voting) that the Arrangement is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders and recommends that shareholders vote FOR the special resolution approving the Arrangement. This recommendation follows the unanimous recommendation of a special committee of the Board which is comprised solely of independent directors and was formed in connection with the transaction (the "Special Committee").
The Company’s management proxy circular and the Schedule 13E-3 required pursuant to the Rules under the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available under Nuvei's profile on SEDAR+ at
www.sedarplus.ca
and on EDGAR at
www.sec.gov
.
Vote Today FOR the Special Resolution Approving the Arrangement
Your vote is important regardless of the number of Shares you own.
If you are unable to be virtually present at the Meeting, we encourage you to submit your proxy or voting instruction form, so that your Shares can be voted at the Meeting in accordance with your instructions. To be counted at the Meeting, votes must be received by Nuvei’s transfer agent, TSX Trust Company, no later than 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time) on June 14, 2024, or, if the Meeting is adjourned or postponed, at least 48 hours (excluding Saturdays and holidays) prior to the commencement of the reconvened Meeting.
Shareholder Questions and Assistance
If you have any questions or require more information with respect to the procedures for voting, please contact our strategic advisor, Kingsdale Advisors, by telephone at 1 (888) 327-0819 (toll-free in North America) or at (416) 623-4173 (outside of North America), or by email at contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com. For more information, please visit
www.NuveiPOA.com
.
‍
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei's modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
Forward-Looking Information
This press release contains "forward-looking information" and "forward-looking statements" (collectively, "Forward-looking information") within the meaning of applicable securities laws. This forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "may", "would", "should", "could", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "plan", "foresee", "believe", or "continue", the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, statements regarding the proposed transaction, including the proposed timing and various steps contemplated in respect of the transaction and statements regarding the plans, objectives, and intentions of Mr. Philip Fayer, Novacap, CDPQ or Advent are forward-looking information.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management's expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, and although the forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what we believe are reasonable assumptions, investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under "Risk Factors" of the Company's annual information form filed on March 5, 2024 and under “Risk Factors” of the Company’s management’s discussion & analysis for the three months ended March 31, 2024. These risks and uncertainties further include (but are not limited to) as concerns the transaction, the failure of the parties to obtain the necessary shareholder, regulatory and court approvals or to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction, failure of the parties to obtain such approvals or satisfy such conditions in a timely manner, significant transaction costs or unknown liabilities, failure to realize the expected benefits of the transaction, and general economic conditions. Failure to obtain the necessary shareholder, regulatory and court approvals, or the failure of the parties to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction or to complete the transaction, may result in the transaction not being completed on the proposed terms, or at all. In addition, if the transaction is not completed, and the Company continues as a publicly-traded entity, there are risks that the announcement of the proposed transaction and the dedication of substantial resources of the Company to the completion of the transaction could have an impact on its business and strategic relationships (including with future and prospective employees, customers, suppliers and partners), operating results and activities in general, and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the Company may be required to pay a termination fee pursuant to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations and its ability to fund growth prospects and current operations.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements, and there can be no guarantee that the results or developments that we anticipate will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences or effects on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the forward-looking information contained herein represents our expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, we disclaim any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
For further information, please contact:
Investors
Kingsdale Advisors
contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
Media
Joel Shaffer
FGS Longview
Joel.shaffer@fgslongview.com
NVEI-IR
----------------------------------
Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc. (collectively, "Novacap")  and CDPQ (together with entities they control directly or indirectly, collectively, the "Rollover Shareholders") have agreed to roll approximately 95%, 65% and 75%, respectively, of their Shares (the "Rollover Shares") and are expected to receive in aggregate approximately US$563 million in cash for the Shares sold on closing (percentages and amount of expected cash proceeds are based on current assumed cash position and are subject to change as a result of cash generated before closing). Philip Fayer, Novacap and CDPQ are expected to indirectly own or control approximately 24%, 18% and 12%, respectively, of the equity in the resulting private company.
‍
Nuvei expands leadership to accelerate growth with appointment of Gang Wang as its Chief Technology Officer
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-expands-leadership-to-accelerate-growth-with-appointment-of-gang-wang-as-its-chief-technology-officer
Nuvei announces the strategic appointment of Gang Wang as its new Chief Technology Officer alongside Max Attias as Chief Information Officer. This move aims to accelerate Nuvei’s technology-driven growth and innovation. Discover how Wang’s extensive experience in payments and software will enhance Nuvei’s technology offerings and global market reach
MONTREAL, May 23 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, announces today the appointment of Gang Wang as Chief Technology Officer, reporting to Nuvei Chair and CEO Philip Fayer. Wang will lead Nuvei’s global technology team together with former CTO Max Attias, who has been appointed to the new role of Chief Information Officer.
The teams under Wang’s and Attias’ leadership will partner to further scale Nuvei’s technology offering and build a strong foundation for future growth. This organizational structure will enable Nuvei to accelerate innovation across all areas of technology with dedicated focus and strategic alignment, while still maintaining the best-in-class service delivery that customers and partners are accustomed to receiving today.
Wang is a proven groundbreaker and leader with deep knowledge of the payments and software sectors, the intersection of which is increasingly critical for the industry. He will spearhead Nuvei’s technology strategy, including research and architecture.
He brings over 25 years of experience leading technology teams at the cutting edge of innovation for large organizations, including a decade developing leading architecture and systems for software giant Intuit. Before joining Nuvei, Wang spent the past four years at Stripe, where he occupied a number of senior-level technology roles including Head of Financial Data and, most recently, Head of Payment Methods.
Wang commented on the announcement: “I’m incredibly excited to be joining such a disruptive industry leader at a key point in its growth journey. There is already a strong spirit for rapid innovation permeating throughout the business, and I am looking forward to leveraging my experience to capitalize on this momentum, advancing our technology strategy, and keeping Nuvei at the forefront as the payments industry evolves.”
Attias added: “Adding Gang’s technological expertise and leadership acumen to the Nuvei team is a game-changing moment. I am looking forward to working together as we grow our technology capabilities and organization in line with our vision for the future of payments.”
“We’re thrilled to be welcoming Gang to the Nuvei team,” commented Nuvei Chair and CEO Philip Fayer. “Bringing in a leader with Gang’s credentials strengthens our executive team and will undoubtedly enable the broader technology team to thrive as we address the complexities of our industry with even more dedicated focus.”
Fayer continued: “Under Max’s leadership, our total payments volume grew nearly 5x from 2020 to 2023.  With Max and Gang, we now have two world class operators poised to take Nuvei's technology capabilities to new heights and further accelerate our global revenue growth during the next phase of our journey. We are also creating a more effective and efficient structure for our team members.”
‍
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
NVEI-IR
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
Next
Interviews & webinars
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/post-categories/
interviews-and-webinars
Expert talks & educational sessions
Blog
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/post-categories/
blog
Insights & updates from our experts
Merchant resources
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/post-categories/
merchant-resources
Guides & tips for merchants
Case studies
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/post-categories/
case-studies
Our success stories & achievements
Payment orchestration webinar: The future of payment strategy
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
payment-orchestration-webinar-the-future-of-payment-strategy
Discover how payment orchestration can optimize revenue, reduce costs, and support global growth. Learn from Nuvei, Edgard & Co., and industry experts in our exclusive webinar. Find out how smart routing and multi-provider models drive payment efficiency.
Accelerating revenue: Mastering payments data with Formula One precision
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
accelerating-revenue-mastering-payments-data-with-formula-one-precision
Discover how to optimize payment data for revenue growth with insights from Nuvei, Mercedes-AMG PETRONAS, and Accenture. Learn data-driven strategies for payment optimization inspired by Formula One precision.
Payments industry forecast: 2025 trends
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
payments-industry-forecast-2025-trends
We surveyed our community of payment professionals to uncover the trends, challenges, and innovations shaping the landscape for the payments industry. Check it out now!
Payment trends 2025: Transforming innovation into revenue growth
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
payment-trends-2025
Driving ISV growth with partner-first payment solutions
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
driving-isv-growth-with-partner-first-payment-solutions
Gigi Beyene, SVP Integrated Payments at Nuvei, discusses how a tech-forward, partner-first approach helps ISVs overcome integration challenges and expand into new markets.
The opportunities and challenges associated with payment orchestration
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
the-opportunities-and-challenges-associated-with-payment-orchestration
Jasper Goeman, VP Sales EMEA at Nuvei, discusses how payment orchestration platforms enable global expansion, enhance customer experience, and mitigate fraud.
Processing Partners banks on customer success to drive six million transactions annually
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
processing-partners-banks-on-customer-success-to-drive-six-million-transactions-annually
See how Processing Partners leverages Nuvei's payment solutions to process $250M annually, maintaining 15+ year customer relationships through reliable pricing and service.
Can real-time payments play in Australia — or are payments already fast enough?
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
can-real-time-payments-play-in-australia----or-are-payments-already-fast-enough
Juan Franco, SVP eCommerce APAC at Nuvei examines whether Australia's existing payment systems meet consumer needs or if real-time payments can offer further enhancements.
B2B companies embrace invoice financing to drive business continuity
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
b2b-companies-embrace-invoice-financing-to-drive-business-continuity
Ben Weiner, SVP B2B Payments at Nuvei discusses how invoice financing solutions enhance cash flow and support growth for B2B suppliers.
Why innovating B2B payments at scale means targeting workflow frictions
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
why-innovating-b2b-payments-at-scale-means-targeting-workflow-frictions
Ben Weiner, SVP B2B Payments at Nuvei discusses how automating accounts receivable and optimizing workflows can enhance efficiency in B2B payments.
Consumer choice pushes the issue for Alternative Payment Methods
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
consumer-choice-pushes-the-issue-for-alternative-payment-methods
Consumers seek fast, secure, and flexible payment options, boosting the adoption of digital wallets and BNPL services.
Data and updated technology lead must-have list for omnichannel payments
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
data-and-updated-technology-lead-must-havellist-for-omnichannel-payments
Omri Dubovi, SVP Product at Nuvei, discusses how real-time data and updated technology are crucial for seamless omnichannel payment solutions.
Why new use cases like Pay by Bank will fast-track FedNow
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
why-new-use-cases-like-pay-by-bank-will-fast-track-fednow
Keith Olson, VP ACH and Online Banking at Nuvei, discusses FedNow’s progress with 900+ banks onboarded and explores challenges and future use cases for instant payments.
Embedded finance beckons as Independent Software Vendors evolve
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
embedded-finance-beckons-as-independent-software-vendors-evolve
ISVs are driving growth with embedded payments. Nuvei’s Gigi Beyene discusses how integrating seamless payment solutions boosts revenue and client loyalty.
Faster settlement solutions: Empowering businesses with immediate liquidity
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
faster-settlement-solutions-empowering-businesses-with-immediate-liquidity
Discover how Nuvei’s faster settlement solutions eliminate cash flow delays, offering businesses quick access to funds for vendor payments and liquidity management, with full control over cash flow.
90% of payments happen in an hour or less with Solutions by Text
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
90-of-payments-happen-in-an-hour-or-less-with-solutions-by-text
Discover how Solutions by Text partnered with Nuvei to enable SMS payment processing, achieving 90% payment completion in under an hour through secure tokenization.
Customer centricity and partnerships yield 25% year-over-year growth for PandaPay with Nuvei
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
customer-centricity-and-partnerships-yield-25-year-over-year-growth-for-pandapay-with-nuvei
Learn how PandaPay's collaboration with Nuvei drove 25% year-over-year growth by delivering innovative payment solutions and streamlined onboarding for SMBs in Canada.
Revolv3 boosts approvals for merchants by up to 14% with Nuvei
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
revolv3-boosts-approvals-for-merchants-by-up-to-14-with-nuvei
Discover how Revolv3's partnership with Nuvei optimized subscription billing, increased payment approval rates by 14%, and enhanced global payment processing capabilities.
Navigating Visa’s new VAMP program
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
navigating-visas-new-vamp-program
How does merchant payment processing work?
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
how-does-merchant-payment-processing-work
Discover how merchant payment processing works from transactions to approvals, and explore the key players and systems behind efficient payment handling.
How to accept payments online for your business
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
how-to-accept-payments-online-for-your-business
Learn how to accept payments online for your business with this in-depth guide from Nuvei. Explore methods, tools, and tips to streamline transactions grow revenue.
What is a secure payment system? Understanding safety in transactions
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
what-is-a-secure-payment-system
A secure payment system protects customer data and prevents fraud using advanced tech, robust infrastructure, and strict policies.
What are cross-border payments? How do they work?
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
what-are-cross-border-payments
Cross-border payments transfer money between countries in different currencies via cards, digital wallets, or bank transfers.
Elite Card Processing builds business and success with 95% customer retention rate
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
elite-card-processing-builds-business-and-success-with-95-customer-retention-rate
Learn how Elite Card Processing partnered with Nuvei to deliver innovative payment solutions, achieving 95% customer retention and 90% faster issue resolution times.
Make the Impact triples year-over-year revenue with world-class payments and outstanding customer service
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
make-the-impact-triples-year-over-year-revenue-with-world-class-payments-and-outstanding-customer-service
Discover how Make the Impact achieved 99% customer retention and 3X revenue growth by partnering with Nuvei for streamlined payment processing and exceptional customer service
False declines:  A $308 billion problem that demands strategic risk management
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
false-declines-a-308-billion-problem-that-demands-strategic-risk-management
Explore how eCommerce businesses can address false declines costing them $308B annually. Learn strategic risk management to optimize payments and retain customers.
Breaking barriers:  How Merchant of Record solutions simplify global expansion for subscription platforms
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
how-merchant-of-record-solutions-simplify-global-expansion-for-subscription-platforms
Discover how merchant of record, local acquiring, and tailored payment strategies empower subscription platforms to navigate compliance, boost conversions, and scale globally.
From Black Friday to New Year: A guide for record-breaking sales during peak season
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
from-black-friday-to-new-year-a-guide-for-record-breaking-sales-during-peak-season
Discover expert payment solutions to boost eCommerce sales from Black Friday through winter holidays. Learn how to manage high volumes, prevent fraud and false declines, optimize authorizations, and meet diverse customer payment preferences.
Essential guide to payment tokenization: benefits and best practices
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
essential-guide-to-payment-tokenization-benefits-and-best-practices
Payment tokenization secures transactions by replacing sensitive data, like credit card numbers, with a unique "token" that holds no actual payment information.
eWallet vs. mobile Wallet: understanding the key differences
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
ewallet-vs-mobile-wallet-understanding-the-key-differences
E-wallets enable online purchases without a physical card, while mobile wallets allow in-store purchases without using your card.
Next
Anti-modern slavery reporting (UK)
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/service-pages/
anti-modern-slavery-reporting-uk
Nuvei Corporation's 2023 statement on compliance with the U.K. Modern Slavery Act
Anti-modern slavery reporting (Canada)
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/service-pages/
anti-modern-slavery-reporting-canada
Nuvei's Supply Chain Transparency Report in compliance with the Fighting Against Forced Labour and Child Labour in Supply Chains Act
Licences and Certifications
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/legal/
licences-and-certifications
Explore Nuvei's official legal licences and certifications. Get comprehensive details on our compliance, accreditation, and industry standards to ensure safe and secure transactions.
No results match your search criteria.
Please try modifying your search.
404: Lost in Transaction
Oops! Looks like there’s been a detour in your payment journey. Hang tight while we clear a path for you!
Select a menu option or
click here
to visit the homepage.
Help Us Deliver a Better Experience
We use cookies and similar technologies to make our site work better for you. Select 'Accept All' to get the full experience, or 'Customize' to choose what data you allow us to use. We handle your personal information in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy
. You can change your preferences anytime.
Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Accept All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 2
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 3
https://www.rtbhouse.com/privacy-center/services-privacy-policy/:
Privacy
Privacy
Center
Services Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Privacy Support Center for Advertisers and Publishers
1. General information
2. How do we collect data
3. What data we process
4. How we use your data
5. Personal Data Processing (GDPR)
6. CCPA Privacy Policy
7. LGPD Privacy Policy
8. Data Security Measures
9. Exercising Your Privacy Rights
10. Privacy Policy Changes
11. Contact
Services Privacy Policy
See all language versions
This Privacy Policy is designed to describe how we approach your privacy as an Internet user interacting with websites that have implemented our advertising technology.
Please note that this Policy does not pertain to the processing of personal data we collect through the www.rtbhouse.com website. This issue is comprehensively addressed in RTB House Website Privacy Policy.
1. General information
We are an advertising technology company that provides online
advertisement
services to advertisers (e.g., e-shops) in the programmatic advertising environment. Our role is to give advertisers an effective tool to display ads of their products or services on
publishers’
websites and mobile applications you visit (e.g., news portals). Our ads are
personalized
, i.e., based on the information on your previous online activity. We will display to you the ads of those advertisers whose websites or apps you had visited in the past (a service known as retargeting) or ads that we believe otherwise match your current shopping interests.
In order to serve personalized ads, we process
certain information related to your online activity
that helps us understand what your current shopping interests might be and allows us to display an ad and analyze how it performs. While doing so, we aim at ensuring the highest level of privacy protection and transparency. We strictly comply with all applicable privacy laws, in particular the EU General Data Protection Regulation (
GDPR
), Directive on Privacy and Electronic Communications (
E-Privacy Directive
), as well as established best practices on the digital advertising market.
2. How do we collect data
In order to collect your data, we use
cookies
, which are text files inserted in your web browser when you visit advertisers’ or publishers’ websites or apps, as well as
other tracking technologies
available on your device, such as mobile advertising ID. They allow us to register certain activities you perform on those websites or apps.
We operate under the creativecdn.com domain while providing our services. We store two cookies under this domain: (a) “u” which contains unique ID established for the browser you use (b) “ts” which stores the timestamp needed to establish cookie lifetime.
3. What data we process
We process the following
three main groups of data
:
(a)       Information related to your
browsing activity on advertisers’ websites or apps
— it helps us understand what sorts of products and services you are interested in and, consequently, determine which ads should be displayed to you to match your current shopping interests. We process this data on behalf of the advertisers for whom we conduct advertising campaigns (as a data processor), specifically for the purpose of creating your user profile.
(b)      Information that you are currently entering a publisher’s website or app, where we may display an ad to you — it comes within a so called
bid request
, which is an offer to buy an advertising space on the publisher’s website or app in order to display an ad (for details, see Section 4 below). We process this information as a data controller for the purposes of displaying ads, ad measurement, brand safety, product development, and fraud detection.
(c)       Information regarding the delivery of our ads, i.e.,
impressions
of an ad (e.g., whether we displayed an ad to you and, if so, which ad we selected) and your
interactions
with an ad (e.g., whether you clicked on it). We process this information as a data controller for the purposes of displaying ads (in particular for frequency capping and ad rotation), ad measurement, and product development.
You may find a full list of categories of data we process as a data controller in our
GDPR privacy notice
(
see Section 5 below
).
While providing our services,
we do not collect personally identifiable information (PII)
, such as names, e-mail addresses, postal addresses, telephone numbers, or
financial data
, such as credit card details.
We do not receive any additional data from advertisers or partners
, which, along with the data collected by our technology, would enable us to directly identify you.
4. How we use your data
While you are visiting an
advertiser’s website or app
(e.g., an e-shop), we collect certain information related to your activity there, such as which items you viewed, put in the basket, and bought. Those browsing patterns on the advertiser’s website or app help us understand what sorts of products and services you are currently interested in and thus display to you, on publishers’ digital properties (e.g., news portals), only ads compatible with these interests.
We display our personalized ads with the use of a programmatic instantaneous auction system known as
real-time bidding (RTB)
. Real-time bidding procedure happens at the moment you enter a publisher’s website or app that offers an advertising space for sale. While such website is loading, a
bid request
is sent to us by the publisher or our business partner cooperating with the publisher (e.g., supply-side platform, SSP) inviting us to buy a certain ad space. After receiving such bid request, our technology uses information about your previous browsing activity on advertisers’ websites or apps to decide whether to buy the auctioned ad space and, if so, which ad to display.
For instance, if you had recently visited our client’s e-shop looking for running shoes, we may display to you an ad of those same running shoes you had viewed there and similar running shoes or complementary products, such as running clothes offered by that advertiser.
We may also use information on the content of the website where the ad is to be displayed for the additional personalization of this particular ad. However, we never use such website content to personalize future ads, in particular we do not assign this information to your user profile in order to categorize you (e.g., by assigning you to a particular population segment) or try to determine your shopping interests on the basis of your browsing history on publishers’ websites or apps.
Moreover,
we do not use your browsing data across advertisers
, which means that a browsing activity from one advertiser’s website or app does not affect other advertisers’ ads we display. For instance, the fact that you looked for swimming equipment in an e-shop of our client “A” will not result in us displaying you swimming equipment from an e-shop of our client “B” (unless you had previously browsed similar products on “B” e-shop as well).
After we display an ad to you, we collect information regarding ad
impressions
(e.g., that we indeed displayed an ad to you, which ad was selected, and when and on what type of device it was displayed) and your
interactions
with the ad (mainly whether you clicked on it or not). We use this information for the analysis of how our ads perform, for the creation of statistical reports for advertisers regarding the delivery of their ads, and subsequently for attribution and billing purposes. We also process this data for the control of the frequency of ads we display to you (frequency capping) and for product development purposes.
Our platform is integrated with the RTB environment through matching of our technical identifiers, e.g., cookie IDs or mobile advertising IDs (
“cookie matching”
) with those used by our business partners. It enables us to (a) receive a bid request and eventually serve an ad on a publisher’s website or app that uses our business partners’ digital advertising technology and (b) collect information related to our ad serving activities.
Upon an advertiser’s specific request and on the basis of the information provided by such advertiser, we may perform
cross-device
tracking that consists of displaying the same categories of ads of this particular advertiser’s products or services on different devices you use (e.g. laptops and smartphones). We do not, however, perform specific data analyses in order to link the devices you use on the basis of the patterns of your online behavior (i.e., we do not conduct probabilistic cross-device tracking).
We also use your personal data for the detection of frauds and other potential dangers to privacy security, for the calculation of the usage levels of our technology, and for brand safety purposes, i.e., to analyze whether publishers’ websites are a suitable environment for our ads to be displayed and to develop and improve our products.
We do not purchase any third-party data from data providers for service optimization purposes or sell data we process to any third parties.
Advertisers and publishers whose websites or apps you visit may independently collect and use your data for different purposes. Please consult their privacy policies for more information in this regard.
5. Personal Data Processing (GDPR)
Although, as described above, we do not collect personally identifiable information (PII), the data we do process is tied to unique online identification numbers that, under the GDPR, are considered “online identifiers” that allow us to “single out” a specific user from other users. According to the GDPR, such information may be considered personal data (this type of non-personally identifiable data is referred to as “
pseudonymous data
”). Consequently, in cases where the GDPR applies to our services, we assure compliance with all the requirements established by this regulation.
We have also appointed a
data protection officer
, whom you may contact if you have further questions. Please see Section 9 below for the Data Protection Officer contact details.
As a part of the GDPR compliance program, we have joined the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
(TCF) as a registered vendor (ID No.: 16) and comply with the TCF policies. For more information, please visit
https://iabeurope.eu/
.
As mentioned above, some of data we use for providing services, we process as a data controller, which means we are solely responsible for it, and some – as a data processor i.e. on behalf of advertisers. You may access a set of information required by the GDPR pertaining to our data processing activities as a
data controller
in our GDPR Privacy Notice.
5.1. Data Controllers
RTB House S.A.
61/101 Złota Street
00-819 Warsaw, Poland
RTB House Poland sp. z o.o.
61/101 Złota Street
00-819 Warsaw, Poland
RTB House Ltd.
Kemp House, 160 City Road
London EC1V 2NX,
United Kingdom
RTB House Latam Ltd.
293 Green Lanes,
London, N13 4XS,
United Kingdom
RTB House s.r.o
Vinohradská 2828/151, Žižkov
130 00 Praha 3, Czech Republic
RTB House GmbH
Kurfürstendamm 226
10719 Berlin, Germany
RTB House Nordics AB
Box 70396 (World Trade Centre, Klarabergsviadukten 70)
107 24 Stockholm, Sweden
RTB House France SAS
112 Avenue Kléber
75016 Paris, France
RTB House Benelux BV
Amstelplein 6,
1096 BC, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Barakc Jam Kft
Pannónia utca 85
1133 Budapest, Hungary
RTB House Italy s.r.l.
Piazza Euclide 47,
00197 Rome, Italy
RTBH Retargeting SL
Maria de Molina 1,
entreplanta izquierda, 28006,
Madrid, Spain
RTB Marketing & Tech Services Ltd
Kyriakou Matsi 18, 2nd Floor,
Egkomi, Nicosia 2408, Cyprus
RTB House Inc.
33 E. 33rd Street 6th FL New York, NY
10016 United States of America
acting as
Joint Controllers
5.2. The substantial terms of the arrangement between the joint controllers
RTB House S.A. acts as a Leading controller.
The processing of personal data of data subjects is carried out via the bidding system, an IT system which is owned and managed by the Leading Controller.
The Controllers jointly agree and implement all relevant security policies and procedures regarding personal data to achieve a coherent protection system.
The Leading Controller is obliged to assure that the data subject receives a notification compliant with requirements laid down in Articles 13 or 14 of the GDPR. Each of the Joint Controllers is obliged to reveal to the Leading Controller any recipients to whom it has disclosed personal data.
Joint Controllers have appointed a single Data Protection Officer who is responsible for handling data subjects’ requests.
The Controllers jointly make decisions regarding data subject’s rights laid down in the GDPR.
The lead supervisory authority for the group of undertakings is located in Poland.
5.3. Purpose of the processing
We will process your personal data, which includes
storing and accessing certain information on your device
(such as cookies or device identifiers) in order to carry out the following:
use limited data to select advertising,
create profiles for personalised advertising,
use profiles to select personalised advertising,
measure advertising performance,
understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources,
develop and improve services,
ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors,
deliver and present advertising and content,
save and communicate privacy choices.
5.4. Categories of personal data
For the above purposes, we will process the following categories of your personal data:
unique online identifiers (including cookie IDs and mobile advertising IDs);
URLs of the web pages you visited (“referrer”);
data related to ad impressions and your interactions with our ads on publishers’ websites or apps;
technical browser and device information (“user agent”);
timestamps
IP addresses indicating your general (non-specific) location.
5.5. Legal basis for the processing
The legal basis for storage and/or access information on your device as well as for the processing of your personal data for the purposes: (1) use limited data to select advertising, (2) create profiles for personalised advertising, (3) use profiles to select personalised advertising, (4) measure advertising performance, (5) understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, (6) develop and improve services, is the
consent
you give on publishers’ websites or apps. You are entitled to withdraw the consent to the processing of your personal data and storing and/or accessing information on your device by us at any moment. You may do so by clicking an opt-out button on our opt-out page:
https://optout.rtbhouse.com
or by contacting us directly at:
dpo@rtbhouse.com
.
With respect to (1) ensuring security, preventing fraud, and fixing errors, (2) delivering and presenting advertising, and (3) saving and communicating privacy choices, the legal basis for the processing of your personal data is the
legitimate interest
of the controller, pursuant to Article 6 Section 1 (f) of the GDPR.
5.6. Sources of the personal data
We obtain your data either from publishers, on whose digital properties we display our advertisements, or from supply-side platforms (SSPs), cooperating with publishers for the purposes of delivering personalized advertisements. An example of an SSP we cooperate with is Google AdX. You can read more about Google's privacy practices and its use of cookies on this
website
.
We collect some of the information, such as data related to ad impressions and your interactions with ads, ourselves from publishers’ websites or apps.
5.7. Recipients of the personal data
We may transfer your data to
our processors
(e.g., IT service providers and data centers) where such entities process data on the basis of a contract with us and only in accordance with our instructions.
We may also transfer very limited amounts of data to our
business partners
(e.g., SSPs) in a response to a bid request in order to be technically able to display an ad.
5.8. Data subject’s rights
You have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
the right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, e.g., by means of an opt-out procedure without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal;
the right to object to the processing of the personal data for direct marketing purposes or, on grounds relating to your particular situation, whenever the legal basis for processing is controllers’ legitimate interest;
the right to access to the personal data;
the right to obtain from the controller restriction of processing as referred to in Article 18 of GDPR;
the right to request that your personal data be corrected if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
the right to request your personal data be erased where it is no longer necessary for us to retain such data;
the right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing; and
the right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible to transmit that data directly to another data controller. You are entitled to request a copy of your personal data processed by us.
5.9. Profiling
Within the scope of processing that we undertake as a data controller, we conduct activities that may be deemed “profiling” of your personal data only to a very limited extent (i.e., analysis of data regarding ad impressions and your interactions with our ads for ad measurement purposes).
We do, however, conduct profiling with respect to the data related to your browsing activity on advertisers’ websites or apps (i.e., data we process on behalf of advertisers, as a data processor). We analyze it in order to display to you an ad that we believe you will be most interested in, as described in Section 4 above.
In any case, the
profiling does not produce any legal effects toward users
or similarly significantly affects them. In particular, it does not result in price discrimination among the users based on their behavioral profile.
5.10. Retention periods
We immediately delete all data received in
bid requests
, except for a minor fraction needed for statistical and analytical purposes (including brand safety and fraud detection), which is stored for no more than 100 days.
The data regarding ad
impressions
and your
interactions
with the ad is kept as long as it is needed for statistical, settlement, and product development purposes. It is stored for no longer than 500 days from its collection, except that the data from ad interactions is stored for additional 65 days on our backup systems, where it is not actively used and is deleted according to the predefined retention schedule.
After the lapse of periods specified above, the data is
truncated or effectively anonymized
.
In any case, we promptly respond to data subject requests related to the execution of the
right to be forgotten
by deleting all personal data covered by a given request.
5.11. Transfers to third country and safeguards
We shall not transfer or permit any of your personal data to be transferred to a territory outside of the European Economic Area unless we have taken such measures that are necessary to ensure that the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws. Such measures may include (without limitation) transferring personal data to a recipient in a country that the European Commission has decided provides adequate protection for personal data as referred to in Article 45 of the GDPR.
If you wish to find the list of the countries that the European Commission recognized as providing adequate protection, then
click here
.
5.12. Further Processing
If we need to use your personal data for a purpose not covered by this notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining such new use, prior to commencing the processing, and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing operation.
5.13. Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a data protection officer. It is a person you may contact regarding any issues related to privacy issues at RTB House and the exercise of your rights concerning the processing of your personal data.
You may contact our Data Protection Officer:
by mail to the following address: Katarzyna Kamińska, RTB House SA, 61/101 Złota St., 00-819 Warsaw, Poland and
by e-mail:
dpo@rtbhouse.com
.
5.14. Contact details and lodging a complaint with supervisory authority
To exercise all relevant rights and the queries of complaints, please contact RTB House S.A. via e-mail (
dpo@rtbhouse.com
).
You are also entitled to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work, or an alleged infringement of the GDPR. Please find the contact details to supervisory authorities that have jurisdiction over our activity.
POLAND
Prezes Urzędu Ochrony Danych Osobowych
https://www.uodo.gov.pl/pl/p/kontakt
2 Stawki St.
00-193 Warszawa, Poland
T: + 606-950-000
GERMANY
Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit
Friedrichstr. 219
10969 Berlin
Tel.: +49 30 13889-0
Fax: +49 30 2155050
E-Mail: mailbox@datenschutz-berlin.de
CZECH REPUBLIC
Úřad pro ochranu osobních údajů
posta@uoou.cz
Pplk. Sochora 27
170 00 Praha 7
T: +420 234 665 111
UNITED KINGDOM
Information Commissioner’s Office
casework@ico.org.uk
Wycliffe House
Water Lane, Wilmslow
Cheshire, SK9 5AF
T: + 44 0303 123 1113
SWEDEN
Datainspektionen
datainspektionen@datainspektionen.se
Drottninggatan 29, 5th floor
Box 8114
SE-104 20 Stockholm
T: +46-70 736 10 80
FRANCE
Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés
3 Place de Fontenoy
TSA 80715
75334 PARIS CEDEX 07, France
T: +33 (0)1 53 73 22 22
NETHERLANDS
Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens
Postbus 93374
2509 AJ DEN HAAG
T: +31 – (0)70 – 888 85 00
HUNGARY
Nemzeti Adatvédelmi És
Információszabadság Hatóság
privacy@naih.hu
H-1125 Budapest
Szilágyi Erzsébet fasor 22/C
T+: +36 -1-391-1400 F
ITALY
Garante per la protezione
dei dati personali,
Piazza Venezia n. 11 – 00187 Roma,
garante@gpdp.it
SPAIN
Agencia Española
de Protección de Datos,
C/ Jorge Juan, 6. 28001 – Madrid
CYPRUS
Office of the Commissioner for Personal Data Protection
Iasonos 1, 1082 Nicosia, Cyprus
P.O.Box 23378, 1682 Nicosia, Cyprus
6. CCPA Privacy Policy
In these California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures (“CCPA Disclosures”), we, RTB House Inc. (“RTB House”, “we”) disclosure information about our data processing practices as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA). These CCPA Disclosures are effective January 1, 2020. You can download a
PDF version here
.
I. Who and what information is subject to these CCPA Disclosures?
California residents are protected as “consumers” by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) with respect to personal information.
II. How can a consumer with a disability access these CCPA Disclosures?
Consumers who have a visual disability may be able to use a screen reader or other text-to-speech or text-to-Braille tool to review the contents of this notice.
III. CCPA Privacy Policy
We are providing the disclosures about consumer rights and our personal information handling practices in the preceding twelve months, as required by the CCPA and regulations of the California Attorney General, including §999.308. You may access a set of information required by the CCPA pertaining to our data processing activities as a business under the CCPA in our CCPA Privacy Policy
6.1. Right to Know About Personal InformationCollected, Disclosed, or Sold
This CCPA Privacy Policy describes personal information we generally collect, use, disclose about California residents. You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use and disclose about you specifically (“right to know”). To submit a request to exercise the right to know, please submit an email request to
dpo@rtbhouse.com
and include “California Request to Know” in the subject line or call our toll-free phone number [+1
0000000000]. Please specify in your request the details you would like to know, including any specific pieces of personal information you would like to access.
We will ask that you provide certain information to verify your identity. The information that we ask you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue. We will respond to your request in accordance with the CCPA. If we deny your request, we will explain why.
6.2. Our Personal Information Handling Practices
We have set out below categories of personal information we have collected about California residents in the preceding 12 months and, for each category of personal information collected, the categories of sources from which that information was collected, the business or commercial purposes for which the information was collected and the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information.
6.2.1.
Category of personal information
Identifiers such as an unique online identifiers (including cookie IDs and mobile advertising IDs)
We collected such personal information to use for the following business or commercial purposes:
(a) use limited data to select advertising,
(b) create profiles for personalised advertising,
(c) use profiles to select personalised advertising,
(d) measure advertising performance,
(e) understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources,
(f) develop and improve services,
(g) ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors,
(h) deliver and present advertising and content,
(i) save and communicate privacy choices.
We have collected such personal information from the following categories of sources:
Our business partners i.e.:
(a) Supply Side Platforms
(b) Publishers
We shared such personal information with the following categories of third parties:
We share this information with our service providers such as data centers and companies of RTB House Corporate Group that provide us with technical support and campaign management services.
In addition, we share this information with the Supply Side Platforms in order to receive from them the bid requests concerning digital properties.
6.2.2.
Category of personal information
Identifiers such as an Internet Protocol address indicating your general (non-specific) location (Geolocation data.)
We collected such personal information to use for the following business or commercial purposes:
(a) use limited data to select advertising,
(b) create profiles for personalised advertising,
(c) use profiles to select personalised advertising,
(d) measure advertising performance,
(e) understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources,
(f) develop and improve services,
(g) ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
(h) deliver and present advertising and content,
(i) save and communicate privacy choices.
We have collected such personal information from the following categories of sources:
Our business partners i.e.:
(a) Supply Side Platforms
(b) Publishers.
We shared such personal information with the following categories of third parties:
We share this information only with our service providers such as data centers and companies of RTB House Corporate Group that provide us with technical support and campaign management services.
6.2.3.
Category of personal information
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application or advertisement i.e.:
(a) URLs of the web pages you visited (“referrer”)
(b) data related to ad impressions and your interactions with our ads on publishers’ websites or apps
(c) technical browser and device information (“user agent”)
(d) timestamps.
We collected such personal information to use for the following business or commercial purposes:
(a) use limited data to select advertising,
(b) create profiles for personalised advertising,
(c) use profiles to select personalised advertising,
(d) measure advertising performance,
(e) understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources,
(f) develop and improve services,
(g) ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
(h) deliver and present advertising and content,
(i) save and communicate privacy choices.
We have collected such personal information from the following categories of sources:
Our business partners i.e.:
(a) Supply Side Platforms
(b) Publishers.
We shared such personal information with the following categories of third parties:
We share this information only with our service providers such as data centers and companies of RTB House Corporate Group that provide us with technical support and campaign management services.
6.3. Disclosures and Sale of Personal Information
Over the preceding 12 months, we have not sold any categories of California residents’ personal information to third parties. We disclosed the following categories of California residents’ personal information to Supply Side Platforms: online identifiers.
6.4. Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
You have a right to request the deletion of personal information that we collect or maintain about you. To submit a request to delete personal information, please submit an email request to
dpo@rtbhouse.com
and include “California Request to Delete” in the subject line. Please specify in your request the personal information about you that you would like to have deleted, which can be all of your personal information as required by the CCPA.
We will ask that you provide certain information to verify your identity. The information that we ask you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue. Once we have verified your identity, we will ask you to confirm that you wish to have your personal information deleted. Once confirmed, we will respond to your request in accordance with the CCPA. If we deny your request, we will explain why.
6.5. Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by a
business. We do not, and will not, sell your personal information. However, if you wish for RTB House to stop providing personalized advertisements for you, you can opt-out of our technology.
6.6. Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
You may not be discriminated against because you exercise any of your rights under the CCPA in violation of Cal. Civ. Code §1798.125.
6.7. Authorized Agent
You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf if:
The authorized agent is a natural person or a business entity registered with the Secretary of State of California; and
You sign a written declaration that you authorize the authorized agent to act on your behalf.
If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your right to know or your right to request deletion, please have the authorized agent take the following steps in addition to the steps described in Sections 2 and 3 above:
Mail a certified copy of your written declaration authorizing the authorized agent to act on your behalf to
dpo@rtbhouse.com
and
Provide any information we request in our response to your email to verify your identity. The information that we ask you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue.
If you provide an authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, it may not be necessary to perform these steps and we will respond to any request from such authorized agent in accordance with the CCPA.
6.8. Contact for More Information
If you have questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy or practices, you may contact us using the following details:
Email address:
dpo@rtbhouse.com
Postal address: 135 Madison Ave, 33 East 33rd Street, NY 10016, New York
Last Updated: January 1, 2020
6.9. PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION AS A SERVICE PROVIDER
As a service provider of our Clients, RTB House processes the following
categories of personal information on behalf of our clients for the purpose of
direct marketing of Client’s goods or services:
(a) unique online identifiers, including cookie IDs and mobile advertising IDs;
(b) data related to consumers’ activity on the digital properties controlled by the
Client;
(c) technical browser and device information (“user agent”);
(d) timestamps recording consumer’s activity on the Client’s websites. In the event that the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) applies, RTB House: (a) will not sell any consumer personal information collected on our Client’s website in relation to providing digital advertising services to the Client (“Consumer Personal Information”);
(b) will not retain, use or disclose the Consumer Personal Information for any purposes, other than for the specific purpose of performing the services specified in the agreement i.e. direct marketing of the Client’s goods or services, by optimization, selection and delivery of personalized advertisements to consumers on third party digital properties, or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA;
(c) will not retain, use or disclose the consumer personal information outside of the direct business relationship between RTB House and the Client under the agreement; and
(d) will honor the request of any consumer to delete that Consumer Personal Information, however that request may be received – either directly from the consumer, from an authorized agent of the consumer, or from the Client – unless RTB House, otherwise is permitted by law to not delete the consumer personal information.
7. LGPD Privacy Policy
7.1. Data controller
Under the Brazilian Personal General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”), RTB House Brazil Serviços de Tecnologia em Internet LTDA, Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, 1485, Andar 1, Sala 117, Torre Norte, Jardim Paulistano, São Paulo, (“RTB House” or “We” or “Us”) disclosure information about our data processing practices as required by the LGPD.
7.2. Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a data protection officer. It is a person you may contact regarding any issues related to privacy issues at RTB House and the exercise of your rights concerning the processing of your personal data.
You may contact our Data Protection Officer Katarzyna Kamińska:
by mail to the following address: RTB House SA, 61/101 Złota St., 00-819 Warsaw, Poland and
by e-mail:
dpo@rtbhouse.com
.
7.3. Purpose of the processing
We will process your personal data, which includes storing and accessing certain information on your device (such as cookies or device identifiers) in order to carry out the following:
use limited data to select advertising,
create profiles for personalized advertising,
use profiles to select personalized advertising,
measure advertising performance,
understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources,
develop and improve services,
ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors,
deliver and present advertising and content,
save and communicate privacy choices.
7.4. Categories of personal data
For the above purposes, we will process the following categories of your personal data:
unique online identifiers (including cookie IDs and mobile advertising IDs);
URLs of the web pages you visited (“referrer”);
data related to ad impressions and your interactions with our ads on publishers’ websites or apps;
technical browser and device information (“user agent”);
timestamps
IP addresses indicating your general (non-specific) location.
7.5. Legal basis for the processing
The legal basis for the processing of your personal data for the purposes of (1) using limited data to select advertising, (2) measuring advertising performance, (3) developing and improving services, (4) creating profiles for personalized advertising, (5) using profiles to select personalized advertising, (6) understanding audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, is the consent you give on publishers’ websites or apps. You are entitled to withdraw the consent to the processing of your personal data by us at any moment.
You may do so by clicking an opt-out button on our opt-out page: https://optout.rtbhouse.com or by contacting us directly at:
dpo@rtbhouse.com
.
With respect to (1) ensuring security, preventing fraud, and fixing errors, (2) delivering and presenting advertising, and (3) saving and communicating privacy choices, the legal basis for the processing of your personal data is the legitimate interest of the controller, pursuant to Article 7 IX of the LGPD.
7.6. Sources of personal data
We obtain your data either from publishers, on whose digital properties we display our advertisements, or from supply-side platforms (SSPs), cooperating with publishers for the purposes of delivering personalized advertisements. An example of an SSP we cooperate with is Google AdX. You can read more about Google's privacy practices and its use of cookies on this website.
We collect some of the information, such as data related to ad impressions and your interactions with ads, from publishers’ websites or apps.
7.7. Recipients of personal data
We may transfer your data to our processors (e.g., IT service providers and data centers), where such entities process data on the basis of a contract with us and only in accordance with our instructions.
We may also transfer very limited amounts of data to our business partners (e.g., SSPs) in response to a bid request in order to be technically able to display an ad.
7.8. Data subject’s rights
You have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
confirmation of the existence of the processing (article 18, I LGPD);
access to the data (article 18, II LGPD);
correction of incomplete, inaccurate, or out-of-date data (article 18, III LGPD);
anonymization, blocking, or deletion of unnecessary or excessive data or data processed in noncompliance with the provisions of the LGPD (article 18, IV LGPD);
portability of the data to another service or product provider by means of an express request and subject to commercial and industrial secrecy, pursuant to the regulation of the controlling agency (article 18, V LGPD);
deletion of personal data processed with the consent of the data subject, except in the situations provided in LGPD (article 18, VI LGPD);
information about public and private entities with which we shared data (article 18, VII LGPD);
information about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial (article 18, VIII LGPD);
revocation of consent, e.g., by means of an opt-out procedure (article 18, IX LGPD);
the petition, regarding your data, against us before the National Data Protection Authority (“ANPD”) (article 18, §1 LGPD)
oppose the processing carried out based on one of the situations of waiver of consent if there is noncompliance with the provisions of the LGPD (article 18, §2 LGPD)
7.9. Profiling
Within the scope of processing that we undertake as a data controller, we conduct activities that may be deemed “profiling” of your personal data only to a very limited extent (i.e., analysis of data regarding ad impressions and your interactions with our ads for ad measurement purposes).
We do, however, conduct profiling with respect to the data related to your browsing activity on advertisers’ websites or apps (i.e., data we process on behalf of advertisers as a data processor). We analyze it in order to display to you an ad that we believe you will be most interested in, as described in Section pertaining to the purposes of the processing included above.
In any case, the profiling does not produce any legal effects toward users or similarly significantly affects them. In particular, it does not result in price discrimination among the users based on their behavioral profile.
7.10. Retention periods
We immediately delete all data received in bid requests, except for a minor fraction needed for statistical and analytical purposes (including brand safety and fraud detection), which is stored for no more than 100 days.
The data regarding ad impressions and your interactions with the ad is kept as long as it is needed for statistical, settlement, and product development purposes. It is stored for no longer than 500 days from its collection, except that the data from ad interactions is stored for additional 65 days on our backup systems, where it is not actively used and is deleted according to the predefined retention schedule.
After the lapse of periods specified above, the data is truncated or effectively anonymized.
In any case, we promptly respond to data subject requests related to the execution of the right to delete all personal data covered by a given request.
7.11. Transfers to third countries and safeguards
We shall not transfer or permit any of your personal data to be transferred to a territory outside of Brazil unless we have taken such measures that are necessary to ensure that the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws, especially but not limited to, the provisions of article 33 of the LGPD.
RTB House may transfer personal data to the European Union only for the purposes of the processing indicated above.
7.12. Further Processing
If we need to use your personal data for a purpose not covered by this notice, we will provide you with a new notice explaining such new use and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions prior to commencing the processing. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing operation.
7.13. Contact details and lodging a complaint with supervisory authority
To exercise all relevant rights and the queries of complaints, please contact us via e-mail (
dpo@rtbhouse.com
).
You are also entitled to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority:
Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados (ANPD)
Praça dos Três Poderes - Brasília (DF) - Planalto Palace, Annex I, Wing B, Room 101.
https://www.gov.br/anpd/pt-br
8. Data Security Measures
We have implemented organizational and technical measures to assure an appropriate level of security of your data. We have deployed procedures regarding every aspect of data processing, and we carefully select technologies used for such processing and any data recipients.
Your data is protected against human interactions, equipment malfunctions, internal or external attacks, losses, or misuses. We store it in top-tier multi-tenant data centers operated by market-leading companies with appropriate data security certifications (in particular ISO 27001). In order to ensure the ongoing confidentiality and availability of your data, we use encryption and a back-up mechanism.
We constantly monitor the implemented security measures and develop the awareness and knowledge about privacy and personal data protection at our company on an ongoing basis.
9. Exercising Your Privacy Rights
If, after having been acquainted with the extent of data collected about your online activity, you have any concerns about your privacy, then you may disallow the collection of data by means of tracking technologies used by us specifically or by all providers in the following ways.
You may
disable cookies in your web browser and mobile devices
, which will prevent the collection of data by all providers.
For web browsers, please refer to your browser’s settings, as the procedure may depend on the browser you use. Please note that, due to the common use of cookies, turning them off may prevent you from using a variety of websites.
For mobile devices, please use device settings.
For iOS, select “Privacy” → “Tracking” → disable “Allow Apps to Request to Track”.
For Android, select “Users Area” → “Google” → “Ads” → “Opt out of Ads Personalization”.
You may also
opt out specifically from RTB House tracking technology
that will prevent us from collecting information from your browser and result in the deletion or effective anonymization of all data previously collected. In order to opt out from RTB House personalized ads, please use the following link:
Given that cookies are stored in a particular Internet browser, if you use more browsers or more devices, you must opt-out from each of them.
Furthermore, opt-out is conducted by inserting another “opt-out cookie” in your browser. Therefore, if you delete all cookies in your browser’s settings, then you will also delete an opt-out cookie. In those cases, you may need to opt-out again.
Please note that upon an advertiser’s specific request, we may configure and support the ad campaigns of the advertiser’s products of services on Facebook. If you wish to disallow the display of personalized ads on Facebook, then please manage your
Facebook Ad Settings
.
The GDPR grants you additional rights, such as the right of access, rectification, erasure, or portability of your personal data and the right to object to or restrict the processing and to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Furthermore, where we have collected and processed your personal data subject to your consent, you can withdraw it at any time. Such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of the processing we have conducted prior to your withdrawal. To learn more, see our
GDPR notice
, or contact our Data Protection Officer.
10. Privacy Policy Changes
In order to develop the privacy protection, we may deem it fit or necessary to update this Privacy Policy at any time. Please follow our website where we will inform you about any material changes to our Privacy Policy.
11. Contact
If you have any further questions related to your privacy, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer at the following:
Data Protection Officer
RTB House S.A.
61/101 Złota Street
00-819 Warsaw, Poland
dpo@rtbhouse.com
Last updated: July 12th, 2024
Sub-policy 4
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
Partners
View all resources
More about us
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 5
https://legal.yahoo.com/ie/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html:
Terms
Privacy Centre
Back
Privacy Centre
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Controls
How Digital Advertising Works
Topics
Cookie Policy
Copyright/IP
Community Guidelines
Terms
Privacy Centre
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Controls
How Digital Advertising Works
Topics
Cookie Policy
Copyright/IP
Community Guidelines
Yahoo privacy policy
Yahoo privacy policy
Expand all
Collapse all
Version 3.1, last updated July 2023 (see the
previous privacy policy
here).
This privacy policy describes who we are, what information we collect from you, how we process your information, who we share it with, and your rights under data protection laws.
To make it easier for you to navigate this privacy policy, we have put certain words and phrases in
bold
. You can click on them to see a definition of the word or phrase.
1. Who we are
We, Yahoo EMEA Limited, are a technology and media company. Yahoo EMEA Limited is a company established under the laws of Ireland and with headquarters located at ####Dublin-v2address#### Ireland. Yahoo EMEA Limited is the data controller, meaning that we are responsible for why and how the personal information we collect through our services is used and held.
We provide the following services.
Our
consumer services
, under brands such as Yahoo and AOL. We can offer you most of these sites and apps for free, thanks to our digital advertising services.
Our
digital advertising services
, which choose, display and measure the ads which are shown to you on our, and our partners’, sites and apps.
Learn more about how digital advertising works
.
In this privacy policy, our consumer services and digital advertising services are referred to together as ‘our services’.
2. When this privacy policy applies
This privacy policy applies when:
you use the
consumer services
, as described in our
Terms of Service
, in the United Kingdom, the European Union (EU), the European Economic Area (EEA), the Middle East or Africa
you use other companies’ sites and apps that use our
digital advertising services
, or
we use your information that was provided to us by others (for example, if we process information about you that we get from partners or publicly accessible websites).
This privacy policy does not apply:
when you are a business customer of our digital advertising services (our
business to business privacy policy
applies instead)
when you visit other websites and apps through links on our consumer services
when you do not use our services (our
information notice for people who do not use Yahoo services
applies instead)
to our employees, during the course of their work, or
when the provider of the services you use is another Yahoo company (and not Yahoo EMEA Limited).
Throughout this privacy policy we refer to different categories of personal information that we process.
Click on + on the right to learn more about these categories of information.
The table below provides more detail about the categories of information we collect and process.
4. How we collect your information
We collect information about you at different times and from different sources, depending on:
how you use our
consumer services
how you interact with our
digital advertising services
your privacy settings with us
your privacy settings with other companies who have the right to share information with us, and
whether we have the right to use your information from publicly available sources.
We collect some of this information by using
cookies and similar technologies
. Learn more in our
cookie policy
.
When you use our
consumer services
or use other companies' sites or apps that use our
digital advertising services
, we collect your information.
Click on + on the right to learn more about when we collect your information.
We collect the following information that you provide to us when you use our consumer services.
We collect the following information when you use our consumer services (direct collection).
We collect the following information when you use third party sites and apps that use our digital advertising services (indirect collection).
We collect the following information from partners through contractual agreements, or from publicly available sources.
When you use our
consumer services
or use other companies' sites or apps that use our
digital advertising services
, we use your information for the following purposes:
to provide the consumer services to you
to provide advertising to you, including to build
interest profiles
to personalise the ads we show to you
to personalise the content we show you, including to build interest profiles
to directly market our consumer services to you
to understand, develop, and improve our services
to develop and provide insights about our services
to authenticate our users and protect our systems from, for example, fraudulent, abusive or unlawful activity
to investigate, identify, bring or defend against legal claims, and
to keep to relevant laws and regulations (that is, for legal compliance).
When we process information in connection with these purposes, we rely on legal bases (valid legal reasons). The legal bases we rely on are as follows.
Contract
- the processing is necessary for a contract you have with us, or because you have asked us to take specific steps before entering into a contract with us.
Consent
- you have given us clear permission.
Legitimate interests
- the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, unless there is a good reason to protect your personal information and that takes priority over our or a third party’s legitimate interests.
Legal obligation
- the processing is necessary for us to keep to any law that applies (not including our obligations under any contract).
Vital interests
- the processing is necessary to protect someone’s life.
Click on + on the right to learn more.
To perform our contract with you
We process your information when it is necessary to enter into or keep our contract with you. You can find the terms of the contract in the
Terms of Service
.
Processing carried out to provide you with our consumer services
With your consent
We need your
consent
(permission) to use your information for certain processing activities. This means that we will only perform this processing once you agree by taking an action such as clicking ‘I agree’. You can withdraw your consent for any of the processing stated below (i to v) through
your privacy controls
.
Processing carried out to provide certain features of our consumer services
Processing carried out to provide tailored advertising, including to build an advertising interest profile
Processing carried out to provide tailored content to you, including to build a content interest profile
Processing carried out to market our services directly to you and promote partners’ products and services
Processing carried out to understand, develop and improve our consumer services
Based on legitimate interest
We process your information when it is in our or our partners’
legitimate interests
.
Processing carried out to measure, understand, develop, and improve our consumer services
Processing carried out for authentication and security purposes, including to prevent and detect fraudulent, abusive or unlawful activity
Processing carried out to investigate, identify, bring or defend against legal claims, to share information with other relevant parties, including law-enforcement agencies, and to respond to legal requests
Processing carried out to provide advertising
Meet our legal obligations
We process your information when it is necessary for us to do so in order to meet our legal obligations.
Protect vital interests
We process your information when it is necessary for us to do so in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
Below are the categories of recipients we share your information with.
Click on + on the right to learn more about these recipients and why we share your information with them.
You have certain rights over your information, including the right to receive a copy of your personal information, to control how we process certain information, and to correct or delete personal information.
This section provides further information on your rights and how to exercise them.
These rights may be limited in certain circumstances. For example, when we:
cannot verify your identity
are required by law to restrict your privacy rights
have a valid business reason to keep your personal information, or
must protect the rights of others.
Click on + on the right to learn more.
How to exercise your privacy rights
You can exercise your privacy rights by visiting
your privacy controls
. You can also exercise your privacy rights by filling in our
privacy form
.
Withdraw your consent
If you have given us your
consent
to process your information or to use
cookies and similar technologies
, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You can do this through
your privacy controls
.
Please note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out based on your consent before it was withdrawn.
Object to the processing of your information
You have the right to object to us processing your personal information. You can update your marketing preferences at any time by visiting
your privacy controls
. You can also object by filling in our
privacy form
.
When you make an objection we will consider a number of factors including:
your reasonable expectations
the benefits and risks to you, us or other people, and
other available ways that would achieve the same outcome.
Restrict the processing of your information
In certain circumstances you can restrict the processing of your information for a period of time, as long as there are valid reasons for doing so. To do this please contact us using our
privacy form
.
Get copies of your information
You have the right to ask us for a copy of the personal information we hold about you. You can download a copy of your information from
your privacy controls
or by using our
privacy form
.
Get your information in an accessible way
This right, known as the right to data portability, allows you to receive information that is accessible and machine-readable, and to ask an organisation to transfer your information to another organisation (for example, another email provider). You can arrange this through
your privacy controls
.
Delete your information
You have the right, in certain cases, to ask us to delete your information. We will delete the information unless we are required by law to keep it or we have a valid business reason for keeping it.
You can delete your account and the information associated with it, at any time, by visiting
your privacy controls
or by contacting us using our
privacy form
.
When you ask us to delete your account, we will delete your information or make it anonymous within 30 days, unless there are overriding circumstances for us to keep it (for example, if we are required by law to keep it).
You can ask for specific URLs to no longer appear in search results for your name on Yahoo Search and AOL Search. This is often referred to as the right to be forgotten. You can make this request by visiting our
right to be forgotten page
.
Correct your information
You have the right to correct the information you provided if it is no longer accurate or is incomplete. You can update your information at any time by visiting your
account info
page or you can contact us using our
privacy form
.
Raise a concern
If you have any questions or concerns about how your information is processed, you can contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing
dpo-contact@yahooinc.com
or by writing to us at the address provided in the
how to contact us
section below. If you are not satisfied with our response, you also have the right to make a complaint to the data protection regulator in the country you live or work in. Find your
local data protection regulator
.
If you live in Switzerland, you can
contact the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
.
If you live in the UK you can contact the
Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
.
9. How we protect your information
We take protecting your information seriously. We follow a comprehensive information-security program and use technical and organisational measures, such as two-step verification, encryption,
pseudonymisation
and ongoing security training for our employees, to protect your information. We also continually evaluate emerging threats, the latest security technologies and best practices.
When you contact us, we will ask you to provide certain information so we can confirm your identity and your right to access the account. This is to make sure your account and associated information are protected from unauthorised access.
We generally store your information for as long as is necessary for:
the purposes described in section 6 of this privacy policy
other legitimate purposes, such as meeting our legal obligations and enforcing our terms of service, and
security purposes.
In some cases, we store your information for longer (for example when we need to keep to legal requirements).
Click on + on the right to learn more.
The period we keep your information for depends on factors such as:
the type of information
why it has been collected and is being processed
business needs (for example, creating backups so we can restore our services after a disaster), and
any legal requirements we must keep to.
For example, we keep the content of your email account for as long as your account is active. To keep your account active you must log in at least once every 12 months. If your account becomes inactive, your mailbox will be automatically deleted and cannot be restored. If your account continues to be inactive for a further six months, making it inactive for a total of 18 months, your account will be automatically scheduled for deactivation and deletion by our systems. We will tell you using your alternative communications channel (if you have set one up) before this happens.
Please note that paid subscriber accounts remain active during the subscription period regardless of account activity.
We work with Yahoo companies (our affiliates) and other companies in different countries. These countries may have privacy and data protection laws which are different from those in your country.
When we transfer your information, we rely on appropriate safeguards being in place to protect information that is transferred to other countries.
Click on + on the right to learn more about these safeguards.
When we transfer information to our affiliates or companies in other countries, we make sure that safeguards are in place to protect the information. The safeguards we rely on are:
adequacy decisions
, if the recipient is in a country that is considered ‘adequate’ by the EEA and the UK, and
standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission or the United Kingdom.
The countries we transfer personal information to include Australia, the United Kingdom, India, the United States, Canada, Singapore, Taiwan and Israel.
We may rely on other conditions to transfer your information, such as when the transfer is necessary:
to keep to a contract that has been entered into, in your interests, between the data controller and another party
to establish, bring or defend legal claims
for important reasons of public interest, or
to protect the vital interests of a person.
If you have any questions about the standard contractual clauses, or would like to get a copy of them, you can contact us using our
privacy form
or the contact information provided in the section below.
12. How to contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, want to raise a concern with us, or want to exercise your privacy rights, the quickest and easiest way to do so is to get in touch with us using our online
privacy form
.
You can also write to us at:
The Privacy Team
Yahoo EMEA Limited ####Dublinaddress####Ireland
If you want to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can email
dpo-contact@yahooinc.com
or write to:
The Data Protection Officer
Yahoo EMEA Limited ####Dublinaddress####Ireland
UK residents can also contact our UK GDPR representative by emailing YahooUKGDPRrepresentative@mhcldn.com or writing to:
MHC U.K. GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes & Curran LLP
1 Cornhill, London
EC3V 3ND
United Kingdom
13. Changes to this privacy policy
We will make changes to this privacy policy from time to time.
Some of our changes will be minor, but if we make a significant change to how we use or share your information we will tell you beforehand.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Sub-policy 6
https://legal.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html:
Terms
Privacy Center
Back
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
Back
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Back
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Terms
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 2024
About Yahoo
Yahoo, previously known as Verizon Media, is a technology and media company that provides a range of services. We serve our consumers, partners, advertisers and talent through our portfolio of digital platforms, products and services offered under our AOL, Yahoo and other
brands
.
We provide control tools to help you manage your experience with us. If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy. If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the
legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy
or
legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL)
still apply to your account. For Yahoo products or services that are accessed without signing in to an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as of May 25, 2018. If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply starting today.
Except as set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, when we refer to ‘Yahoo’, it means Yahoo Inc., the US-established company that supplies the Services to you (and acts as data controller of the personal data Yahoo collects when you use those Services).
Our Privacy Pledge
Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Yahoo, its affiliates and its house of global
brands
(“Yahoo,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Yahoo
brands
, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”). Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in
Details for Specific Products and Services
.
Your Controls
We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data, and search history at
Privacy Controls
. Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices. (
See, Details for Specific Products and Services
)
Information Collection and Use - General
Certain categories of information collected by Yahoo are necessary to use our Services, such as the information you must provide when registering for some Services.
We may collect and combine information when you interact with Yahoo Services information outlined below:
Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as:
When you create an account with a Yahoo Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.) Yahoo may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you.
When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).
Yahoo analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services.
When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Yahoo software such as plugins.
When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information.
Device Information.
We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services. This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as
IP address
,
cookie information
, mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data. We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use.
Location Information.
We collect location information from a variety of sources. You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our
Locations page
and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices.
Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.
We collect information when you access content,
advertising
, sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Yahoo data collection technologies (such as
web beacons
, development tools,
cookies and other technologies
, etc.) are present. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners.
This information also includes the content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; cursor and scroll movements on our Services; certain screen interactions and content you input on the Services; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions.
Information from Others.
We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as:
When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter).
From publicly-available sources.
From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings.
When we obtain information from third-parties or
other companies
, such as those that use our Services. This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us.
How We Use This Information
We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes:
Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services.
Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts
photos, attachments, and other communications
). You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Yahoo account by using
Privacy Controls
.
Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you.
Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites.
Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide
targeted advertising
based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information.
Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which
you can also control
.
Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Yahoo Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID.
Carry out or support
promotions
.
Conduct research and support innovation.
Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps,
third-parties
and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information.
Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your
location settings
.
Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or
other companies
, such as your activities on other sites and apps.
Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity.
We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us. For example, you can review or edit your
account information
, manage your
marketing preferences
, or
opt out of targeted ads
. If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you.
If you are located in the European Union or European Economic Area or in the UK (EU/EEA/UK), please see Section 10 “Our Legal Bases for Processing Information” for more information that applies to your use of our Services.
How We Share This Information
Yahoo shares information within its affiliated brands and companies. We also share information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with
third-party apps and widgets
). We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With Your Consent.
We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo when we have your consent.
Within Yahoo.
Information may also be shared within Yahoo, including with other Yahoo Services and affiliates. Yahoo affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.
With Partners.
We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are:
Trusted Partners.
We provide user information to or enable the collection of user information by trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures.
Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to Non-Personally Identifiable Information).
We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or
other companies
. For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do not share personally identifiable information (like phone number or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, ad agencies, or analytics partners.
When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
We allow
other companies
that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices. Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
For Legal and Other Purposes.
We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the
Terms
; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law.
This may include responding to lawful governmental requests. Learn more about how we
evaluate and respond to these requests
.
New Ownership.
If the ownership or control of all or part of Yahoo or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Details for Specific Products and Services
Additional privacy practices for certain Yahoo Services are included
here
.
Information Security and Data Retention
Yahoo has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store.
Yahoo will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the applicable Yahoo Services to you. In some cases, Yahoo has certain business or legal requirements that result in an obligation to retain your personal information for an extended period of time. These obligations may include financial record keeping, ensuring continuity of our products or services, security, fraud, and abuse prevention, or compliance with our legal obligations. In some limited cases, we may keep data for longer than needed for the purposes set out in the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
, such as: (i) replicating or backing up certain data to “offline” storage for disaster recovery purposes; (ii) truncating, redacting or summarizing raw data, log files and database records into statistical aggregate data or probabilistic data structures to understand long term trends; (iii) maintaining de-identified data for varying periods for research, reporting and product testing or development (in these cases, unique identifiers and linkages to existing data about you are broken or removed so that this data is no longer associated with you, your browser, or device); or (iv) keeping and using certain data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements (for example, we might keep data associated with an account subject to litigation or a request from law enforcement). For specific information about your personal information or how your personal information is processed by a particular Yahoo product or service you may interact with, please log into the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
.
Protecting Children’s Privacy
Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have a Yahoo Family Account. Visit
Children's Privacy & Family Accounts
to learn more about children’s privacy at Yahoo.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Information.
We mainly rely on three separate bases to lawfully process your information. First, we need to process your information in certain ways to provide our services to you, in accordance with our Terms of Service. This processing is necessary to perform the contract between you and us. Second, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. Third, in certain cases, we may process your information where necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. Occasionally, Yahoo may rely on other legal bases to process your information, such as to protect a user’s vital interests (such as where there is a risk of imminent harm) or to comply with a legal obligation. Please see our
Legal bases
page for more information.
Data Processing and Transfers
When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside.
Yahoo processes information related to individuals in the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland and receives that information from the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland through various compliance mechanisms, including the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Where appropriate, we also rely on other transfer mechanisms such as data processing agreements based on Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission or the United Kingdom. For more information, please visit our
Data Transfer
page.
The United States and other non-EU/EEA/UK countries have different laws on data protection and rules in relation to government access to information. If you are based in the EU/EEA/UK, when your data is moved from your home country to a third country outside the EU/EEA/UK, some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home country.
Other Important Information
This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Yahoo.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically. If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect.
Questions & Suggestions
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a
feedback form
or you can contact us at:
Yahoo
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
770 Broadway, New York
NY 10003, USA
If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by post to: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Yahoo EMEA, The EXO Building, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01 W5Y2, Ireland.
Our Article 27 Representative can be contacted by email at
YahooGDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie
, or by post at:
MHC GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited
South Bank House
Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland
Recent Updates
May 2018 - update to privacy notice;
October 2019 - Oath to Verizon Media name change;
October 2020 - updates to data transfers and legal bases; and
September 2021 - updates to reflect name change; additional information added regarding data retention;
September 2024 - updates to data transfers.
December 2024 - updates to Information from Cookies and Other Technologies; additional information added regarding data sharing with trusted partners.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Sub-policy 7
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager02.html:
Accessibility
Home
Support
Documentation
Flash Player Documentation
Flash Player Help
Settings Manager
Global Privacy Settings panel
Global Storage Settings panel
Global Security Settings panel
Website Privacy Settings panel
Website Storage Settings panel
Protected Content Playback Settings panel
Peer-Assisted Networking Panel
Table of Contents
Flash Player Help
Display settings
Privacy settings
Local storage settings
Microphone settings
Camera settings
Local storage pop-up question
Privacy pop-up question
Security pop-up question
Peer-assisted networking pop-up question
Global Privacy Settings panel
This content requires Flash
Download the free Flash Player now!
Note:
The Settings Manager that you see above is not an image; it is the actual Settings Manager. Click the tabs to see different panels, and click the options in the panels to change your Adobe Flash Player settings.
Use this panel to reset the privacy settings in  Flash Player:
If you select Always Deny and then confirm your selection, any website that tries to use your camera or microphone will be denied access. You will not be asked again if a website can use your camera or microphone. This action applies both to websites you have already visited and to those you haven't yet visited.
If you select Always Ask and then confirm your selection, any website that tries to use your camera or microphone must ask your permission. This action applies both to websites you have already visited and to those you haven't yet visited.
If you previously selected Remember in the
Privacy Settings
panel to permanently allow or deny access for one or more websites, selecting Always Ask or Always Deny has the effect of deselecting Remember for all those websites. In other words, the selection you make here overrides any previous selections you may have made in the
Privacy Settings
panel.
After you select either Always Ask or Always Deny (or instead of doing so), you can specify privacy settings for individual websites that you have already visited. For example, you might select Always Deny here and then use the
Website Privacy Settings Panel
and select Always Allow for individual websites that you know and trust.
For an overview of issues relating to privacy, see
What are privacy settings?
in the discussion of the Settings Manager.