Privacy Policy
WE BELIEVE IN USER PRIVACY. WE CONTEMPLATE, OUR USERS NEEDED TO BE CLEAR ABOUT
                                        THEIR PRIVACY.
Privacy overview:
'GIF Maker'
, a mobile application that enables users to create, produce and
                                      share GIF & short visual videos (the
“GIF” “Videos”
and
                                      the
“Service”
). We at Brain Craft Ltd. (
“we”, “us”, “our”
) respect
                                      your privacy.
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) explains our privacy practices for the
                                        Service. It describes the ways your personal information and data are collected
                                        and used through our designated mobile application. It also describes the rights
                                        and options available to you with respect to your information.
It is your decision to provide us with your personal information. You are not
                                        legally obligated to provide us with this information, but we need it to provide
                                        you and your caregiver with the App's functionality.
This policy is combined into our
User Agreement
(the “Terms”)
                                        and is a part of them.
The following key points of the Privacy Policy are only brought for your
                                        convenience. They are not a substitute for the full Policy.
1. Information we collect:
We use the information we collect to provide you
                                      a better service. We also use it to improve and customize the features and develop
                                      new features.
2. Automatically collected information:
we may collect some information
                                      automatically. i.e. analytical data.
3. Third party sites and services:
Third party services may collect some
                                      information.
4. Use of personal information:
We will use information to make our service
                                      available, improve our service and more important to prevent, detect, and
                                      investigate fraud, security breaches
5. Security:
We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage and
                                      unauthorised access or use of information, but these measures, just like any
                                      security measure, cannot provide absolute information security.
6. User Photos / Videos:
This app does not collect, store, use or share any user content ( images and videos from the user library or from the device camera )
7. Retention:
We retain your information for as long as we deem necessary
                                      for our purposes
8. Aggregated information:
We may use the information we collect from you
                                      to create statistical or aggregated information.
9. Children's privacy:
You must be 17+ years of age or older in order to
                                      use the App. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about
                                      children who are under 17+ years of age.
10. Changes to the Policy:
We may change this Policy at the time we update
                                      the app.
In Details:
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect information you actively provide us. For example, analytical
                                      information about your use of the Service (e.g., the frequency and scope of your
                                      use of the Service), and information about your device.
Feedback and correspondence
. You may share information with us when
                                      you respond to surveys, request customer support or otherwise interact with us.
Note: We will never ask you to send us or submit to the Service any
                                        information related to racial or ethnic origin; political opinions or union
                                        membership; religious or other beliefs; your health, biometric or genetic
                                        information; information about your sexual preference or sexual
                                        orientation.
USE CAUTION AND COMMON SENSE WHEN YOU SHARE CONTENT CONTAINING OR DEPICTING
                                      PERSONAL INFORMATION OF YOURSELF OR OTHER INDIVIDUALS. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE
                                      FOR ANY CONTENT THAT YOU SHARE.
AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED
                                          INFORMATION
Device Information.
We may collect information about your mobile device,
                                      including its model, operating system type and version, unique identifiers,
                                      language, and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you accessed the
                                      Service.
Analytical data.
We use third-party analytics tools, such as Firebase By
                                      Google for A/B testing. Crashlytics for capture crash reports and retention
                                      tracking. For example, we may record the frequency and scope of your use of the
                                      Service, the duration of your sessions, the interactions you make with the Service
                                      interface, etc. When you use our App, analytics tools automatically record certain
                                      log file information, including time and date when you start and stop using the
                                      App, and how you interact with the App.
Information about the applications.
Name, API key (identifier for
                                      application), version, properties of our App can be reported for automated
                                      processing and analyses. Some services also record the list of applications and/or
                                      processes which are installed or run on your device.
In-app events.
When you use our App, analytics tools automatically record
                                      your activity information.
Information provided automatically to analytics or advertising tools does not
                                      generally come to our control, therefore we cannot be responsible for processing
                                      such information. Please mind that some services are engaged in personal data
                                      profiling and may obtain information related to your personality and/or your
                                      device by using technologies that do not belong to our scope of responsibility. We
                                      do not control, supervise or stand surety for how the third parties process your
                                      personal data, that might be collected by their own means. Any information request
                                      regarding the disclosure of your personal information should be directed to such
                                      third parties.
Third Party Sites and
                                          Services
Please note that while we partner solely with third parties that gave us assurance
                                      of application of necessary technical and organizational measures to protect your
                                      personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted
                                      from the App directly to such third party. We are not responsible for any
                                      accidental loss or unauthorized access to your personal data through a fault of
                                      third parties. We will not rent or sell your personal data to any third parties.
                                      We do not control or influence these third parties’ tracking technologies or how
                                      they may be used. We may also share certain information such as cookie data with
                                      third-party advertising partners. This information allows third-party ad networks,
                                      to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to
                                      you. We may engage the following third-party service providers in order to provide
                                      us with necessary infrastructure for delivery and improvement of our services:
Entity name
Services performed
Link to Privacy Policy
Firebase
Analytics service provider
https://firebase.google.com/
support/privacy
Facebook SDK
Analytics service provider
https://www.facebook.com/
about/privacy/
Tenor Gif Api
Gif Provider
https://tenor.com/gifapi/
documentation#apiterms
HMS Image Segmentation
Image Segmentation
https://shorturl.at/nOVZ1
AppsFlyer
Analytics service provider
https://www.appsflyer.com/
privacy-policy/
Qonversion
Analytics service provider
https://qonversion.io/
page/privacy
In case you want to learn more about the services and privacy options please
                                      consult the correspondent websites and privacy policies. We are not responsible
                                      for any usage of your personal data by the above mentioned third parties in
                                      violation of our instructions. Our App may contain links to third-party
                                      websites/services or you may access the App from a third-party site. We are not
                                      responsible for the privacy practices of these third-party sites or services
                                      linked to or from our App, including the information or content contained within
                                      them.
Advertising
If you use an ad-supported version of the Service, advertising companies use
                                      cookies and similar technologies to collect information about how you use it, and
                                      to serve you ads tailored to your interests in the Service and elsewhere. In this
                                      app, Google AdMob is used for advertisement purpose.
To improve the performance of AdMob, the Google Mobile Ads SDK may collect certain
                                      information from apps, including:
IP address, which may be used to estimate the general location of a device.
Non-user related crash logs, which may be used to diagnose problems and improve
                                        the SDK. Diagnostic information may also be used for advertising and analytics
                                        purposes.
User-associated performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy
                                        usage, which may be used to evaluate user behavior, understand the effectiveness
                                        of existing product features, and plan new features. Performance data may also
                                        be used for displaying ads, including sharing with other entities that display
                                        ads.
A Device ID such as the device's advertising identifier or other app-bounded
                                        device identifiers, which may be used for the purpose of third-party advertising
                                        and analytics.
Advertising data, such as advertisements the user has seen, may be used to power
                                        analytics and advertising features.
Other user product interactions like app launch taps, and interaction
                                        information, like video views, may be used to improve advertising performance.
For AdMob data disclosure policy visit
https://developers.google.com/admob/ios/data-disclosure
How We Use Information
We will only use collected data in ways that are compatible with the purposes
                                      listed below for which it was collected.
■
To make our service available.
We use information that you submit and
                                      information that is processed automatically to provide you with all requested
                                      services.We may also communicate with you in response to your support requests,
                                      questions or feedback.
■
To improve, test and monitor the effectiveness of our App.
We use
                                      information that is processed automatically to better understand user behavior and
                                      trends, detect potential outages and technical issues, to operate, protect,
                                      Improving and customizing the application and developing new features.
■
Generating statistical and aggregated information
about users of the
                                      application.
■
Providing you with support
, handling complaints and contacting you when
                                      we believe it is necessary.
■
Enforcing the Terms and this Policy
and preventing misuse of the
                                      Services.
INFORMATION SECURITY
The security of your personal information is highly important to us. We follow
                                      generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information
                                      submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We implement
                                      appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed to implement
                                      data-protection principles, in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary
                                      safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal data to be encrypted with
                                      proper and strong encryption algorithms. Unfortunately, no method of transmission
                                      over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best
                                      to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute
                                      security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach
                                      of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law. If you
                                      have any questions about security of our App, you can contact us at through the
                                      email displayed below.
USER PHOTOS / VIDEOS
Once the user grants us permission to access the device's camera or photo library, this app will process the photos and 
                                      videos you select to edit via GIF Maker app  to provide features of the app that you choose to use. While processing, 
                                      these images/videos are kept locally (on the device). Following completion of processing, such files are deleted from 
                                      local storage immediately.  For Background Removal feature, a CoreML file that was locally stored was used to erase the 
                                      background. Also, to function any feature offered by this app
does not require any collection and processing any face data, 
                                      such as your facial features, expressions, and movements from the image/videos
. Moreover, there no the
facial detection
was 
                                      performed by this app in any aspect.
Any
user content
that this app processes, including images and videos from the user library or from the device camera,
is not collected, stored, use or shared with any parties
. However, the user has the option to save their created 
                                        content in the device's library or share it via the share page to social media platforms or messaging apps.
HOW TO REQUEST DATA DELETION:
If you want to request to delete any data, you may do so by emailing
support@braincraftapps.com
DATA RETENTION
We retain the information outlined above for as long as we deem necessary for the
                                      purposes set forth above. We may delete any information from our systems, without
                                      notice to you, once we deem it is no longer necessary for the purposes set forth
                                      above. Please remember that the application does not provide back-up services for
                                      your GIFs/Videos or any other data or information uploaded or used by you. Also
                                      note that uninstalling the App from your device will not cause your personal
                                      information to be deleted from our systems or the Service.
AGGREGATE OR ANONYMIZED
                                          INFORMATION
At any time, we may anonymize (de-identify) the personal information we have
                                      collected. We may use de-identified, statistical or aggregated information,
                                      including information that we process according to this Policy, to properly
                                      operate the Service, to develop and improve the quality and functionality of the
                                      Service, to enhance your experience, to create new services, including customized
                                      services, to change or cancel existing features and for other research,
                                      development and statistical purposes.
EU or UK USERS:
If you are located in the European Union (“EU”), United Kingdom, Lichtenstein,
                                      Norway, or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU or UK General Data
                                      Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) with respect to your Personal Data. If you have
                                      any questions about this section please contact us at:
support@braincraftapps.com
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS:
The following disclosure is made pursuant to California Online Privacy Act (CA
                                      Civil Code § 22575): When you use our Services, other parties, such as Google, may
                                      collect personally identifiable information about your activities over time and
                                      across different websites or online services.
We do not respond to browsers’ “Do Not Track” requests.
MINOR'S PRIVACY
To use this service your age must be 17+. We do not knowingly or intentionally
                                      collect information about children who are under 17 years of age. If you are under
                                      the age of 17 you may not use the Service in any way.
Changes to this Privacy
                                          Policy
We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Any modifications to this Privacy
                                      Policy will be effective when posted (or as otherwise indicated at the time of
                                      posting).
If you object to an update of this Privacy Policy, you must notify us and ask to
                                      deactivate your account and delete your personal information prior to the
                                      effective date of the update. Continued use of the Service after an update to this
                                      Privacy Policy will indicate your acceptance of the update.
DATA DELETION AND CONTACTS
To request your personal data deletion or request support please contact us at:
support@braincraftapps.com