Privacy
The SAIS do not collect or save any personal information from this website other than details submitted in feedback and avalanche reporting forms. This information is only used for our internal purposes and will never be passed on to third parties.
Any contact information provided on the avalanche reporting forms may be saved for an indefinite period. This information may be used to contact you in order to gather avalanche incident information which would be used for research and public safety purposes only. Your contact details will never be passed on to a third party by us without your consent.
Cookies
Visiting our website with your personal browser settings configured to accept cookies implies to us that you are in consent to our use of cookies as described below:
The Law
On May 25th 2012 a European Union law was implemented by UK legislation, The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011, with a requirement that websites that leave non-essential cookies on visitors’ devices have to inform the visitor what these cookies are.
This website complies with this law
by providing information on the cookies we use so that if you choose you can either modify your browser settings to manage cookies or leave the website.
How we use Cookies
This web site also uses
non-essential cookies
so that we can serve you better,
but all user data collected in this manner is anonymous
. This site uses visitor tracking that will use cookies to track information about how visitors come to the website, which pages they visit, and other actions that visitors make whilst on the site. This data is then used in order to improve the user experience of our web site.
Non-essential Cookies also enhance our web site performance in a number of ways, personalising your experience on our site, making it more convenient for you.
Your Options
Should you wish to do so, you can refuse cookies by disabling them in your web browser’s settings
.
Most browsers are defaulted to accept and maintain cookies and you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or not. Please consult the support documentation for your web browser, which can be found online, for more information. More detailed information about controlling cookies on your computer is also available at the
About Cookies website
.
If you do not wish to disable cookies then you have the option to leave the website.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent in a text file to your computer browser from a website’s server and is then stored on your computer,
but only IF your browser’s preferences are set by you to allow it
. The only personal information a cookie can obtain is information a user supplies. A cookie cannot read data from your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
NB: If you are browsing from within a work based network you may not have adequate permissions to allow you to control the cookies that are set.
This site uses the following non-essential cookies:
COOKIE NAME
COOKIE PURPOSE
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
Used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Learn more about Google Analytics and privacy
Google.com
NID
PREF
HSID
APISID
These are Google preference cookies, a unique identifier used by Google applications to store user preferences. They may not be delivered depending on the browser being used.
Learn more about Google’s Privacy Policy
System
PHPSESSID
This cookie is essential for site functionality and is used to store and retrieve values relating to page content for a user as they navigate the site. It is held temporarily in memory and is deleted when the browser is closed.