《
Privacy policy
》
And
《
Terms and
conditions
》
provides you with the best user
experience is our goal. We take great care to protect your personal privacy.
The latest EU policy that came into
effect on May 25, 2018
《
General Data Protection Regulation
》（
GDPR
），
including
：
* Make it easier for you to understand
what data we collect and where it
is used
* Improve
mastery of personal data
* A detailed
explanation of your rights as a user
Using
Terms
1.0
Heart Rate Monitor    belongs to non-medical products and not a clinical pulse oximeter ，It cannot be used for medical purposes,it is  intended for informational and educational purposes only。Although the measurement was more accurate by our efforts over the years and we were constantly improving it and update it to meet the requirements, it could not be used for medical purposes at that time.if knowing your pulse rate is critical to your health，you further need to have your pulse taken by a medical professional.
Privacy
Content
1.1
Terms and conditions
a) This app does not have a registered account entry
a
and will not collect any personal information from you,user's measurement data is only stored locally, and we attach great importance to user data security, including GDPR. This app only needs to open the camera permission (it will prompt before using the app) and collect fingertip light to calculate heart rate by self-developed algorithm.
b) When you use the web
service or access the web page, automatically receives and records information
on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address,
browser type, Data such as language used, date and time of access, hardware and
software feature information, and web page records you need;
c) User personal data obtained
by from business partners through legal channels
d) The application is recommended to be used under
the supervision of an adult if the user is at least 3 years old and under 13
years old.
You understand and agree that the
following information does not apply to this Privacy Policy:
a) Keyword information you enter
when using the search service provided by the platform
b)  collects information about
your information released
by ,
including but not
limited to participation, transaction information, and evaluation details;
c) Violation of the law or
violation of the rules of
1.2
Information use
a)  will not offer, sell,
rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party,
unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or the third party and
(including affiliates) provide services to you individually or jointly, and
At
the end of the service, it will be barred from accessing
all of the material that it has previously been able to access.
b)
also
does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your
personal information in any way. Any platform user who engages in the above
activities, once discovered, has the right to immediately terminate the service
agreement with the user.
c) For the purpose of serving
users, may use your personal information to provide you with information of
interest to you, including but not limited to, to send you product and service
information, or to share information with partners so that they can You send
information about its products and services (the latter requires your prior
consent).
d)  We value the privacy of
children. Although our application is recommended for use by children aged at
least 3, those aged 3 and under 13 can only be used under adult supervision.
And we do not intentionally collect or solicit personal information from anyone
under the age of 13.
1.3
Information disclosure
In the following cases, will
disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your
personal wishes or the law:
a) Disclosure to third parties
with your prior consent.
b) To provide the products and
services you request, you must share your personal information with third
parties.
c) Disclosure to third parties
or administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the relevant
provisions of the law or the requirements of the administrative or judicial
authorities.
d) If you violate the relevant
laws and regulations or the service agreement or related rules, you need to
disclose it to a third party.
e) If you are a qualified
intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, it should be
disclosed to the respondent at the request of the complainant so that both
parties can handle possible rights disputes.
f) In a transaction created on
the platform, if either party fulfills or partially fulfills its trading
obligations and requests for information disclosure, has the right to decide to
provide the user with the necessary information such as the contact information
of the counterparty. To facilitate the completion of the transaction or the
resolution of the dispute.
g) Other disclosures deemed
appropriate by law, regulation or website policy.
1.4
Information storage and exchange
The information and materials
collected by will be stored on the and/or its affiliates' servers, which may be
sent to your country, region or to collect information and data. It is
accessed, stored and displayed outside the country and abroad.
1.5
Use of cookies
a) In the event that you do
not refuse to accept cookies, will set or access cookies on your computer so
that you can log in or use the platform services or features that rely on
cookies. uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful and personalized
services, including promotional services.
b) You have the right to
accept or decline to accept cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by
modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to decline to accept
cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the web service or feature that
relies on cookies.
c) This policy applies to
information obtained through the cookies set
by .
1.6
Information security
a) The account has security
features. Please keep your username and password information safe. will ensure
that your information is not lost, misused and altered by security measures
such as encrypting user passwords. Despite the aforementioned security
measures, please also note that there are no “perfect security measures” on the
information network.
b) When using the web service for
online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information,
such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential
counterparty. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others
only when necessary. If you find that your personal information has been
compromised, especially if the username and password are compromised, please
contact our customer service immediately to take appropriate action.