Privacy Policy
This App respects and protects the personal privacy of all use services. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this App will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. But the information will be treated with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise stated in this privacy policy, the App will not disclose or share your information to third parties without your prior permission. The App will update the privacy policy from time to time. By agreeing to this App privacy policy, you are deemed to have agreed with all the contents of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of the use agreement of the App services.
1. How to collect data?
● The information you provide us. In the process of using this product, according to the principle of BIA bioelectrical resistance measurement, through the collection of the body parameters, body fat rate/muscle volume/metabolism and other measurement parameters will be obtained through complex formulas, user’s height/gender/age/weight will be calculated as one of the physical parameters. Therefore, when you registered the App account, the birthday, height, gender and other body related data you submitted will be applied to the calculation of body fat rate/muscle volume/metabolic rate, etc. We ensure that it will not be used for other purposes and always assure that the information required is minimized.
● We obtain your information when you use the services. Your email address will be used as the login account name. If you have any enquiries in the process of use, you can put forward in the App feedback. We will send the answer to your mailbox, and therefore, you will get technical support service from us through your mailbox. We will ensure that your email address will not be used for other purposes or shared to third parties.
● For some Android mobile phones especially Android 6.0 mobile phones, if App needs to use Bluetooth function, user will be asked to turn on the App location service, because the Bluetooth function switch of those mobile phones is associated with the location service.In order to provide users with smoother and faster experience, we require Android mobile phones to open the location service for the App. We will ensure your location service is not used for other purposes.
2. Use of Personal Information
We collect information to provide better services to all users, and the information collected is used to provide, maintain, protect and improve our services. The personal information will be used mainly for the following purposes:
1 Complete your request for a particular service or product.
2 Provide you with the APP software or particular service, product or information of the third parties such as the partner of this App software via email, you may also unsubscribe if you wish to stop receiving emails from us.
3 To produce statistics of users data for this application such as number of users, composition, interest, performance, etc. to provide better services and products to the users, or disclose such statistics to the third parties for a certain legal purpose. This kind of statistics is the whole information of the user group rather than individual information.
３. The Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information
This App software will enjoy your personal information. Your personal information will not be provided to unrelated third parties without your permission.
In the following circumstances, we will provide your personal information to the relevant third parties:
1 Some services of this application should be provided or jointly provided by a partner such as a company that provides technical services.  In order to provide you with such services, it’s necessary for this application to share your personal information with the partners. If you do not want your information to be shared to third parties, you may refuse to use the specific service, thus refuse your personal information to be disclosed.
2 In accordance with the laws and regulations or the mandatory provisions of the government, we must provide your personal information to the relevant judicial or government departments.
3 In order to prevent the legitimate rights and interests of others or social and public interests are seriously endangered.
4 In order to prevent your legitimate rights and interests from serious harm.
5 We find that your actions are in violation of the terms of service of this App or any user guide of a particular service or product, or posing a major hazard to the legitimate rights and interests of the App software.
４. User Rights
You can query, supplement or correct or ask to delete your personal information in this application account at any time by using the registered user name and password of your application. Your account in this application can be deleted, but this will prevent you from being able to log in to the App or use any other services of the App.
５. Information Security
Your account information and files are protected by password, please keep your username and password information safe. This App will ensure your information is not lost, abused and fabricated through user password encryption and other security measures. Only you personally have the right to access your personal information. We recommend not to disclose your password to anyone else. We will not take the initiative of calling or emailing you to ask your password. No absolute security can be ensured for any data transmission through internet or wireless networks. So while we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of information you transmit to us or the security of information of online products or services we send online. You shall take risks by yourself when you make the said action. As soon as we receive the information you send to us, we will do our utmost to ensure the security of our system.
6. Security of the Information We Collect
We take commercially reasonable precautions in an effort to protect your information against security breaches. For example, we store personal information and Personal Information in a secure, limited access facility, and we use industry-standard firewalls and security software designed to protect the security and integrity of your Personal Information. However, this is not a guarantee that your information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. By using the Websites, Apps and  Healthkepp Services, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
7. Protection of Children’s Privacy
is a general interest website, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children. If you are under 18, you are not permitted to use the Websites or App. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act “COPPA” and the General Data Protection Regulation, the Websites and App are not intended for use by anyone under the age of 18 COPPA’s minimum protections are for minors 13 years of age or under. Healthkeep does not knowingly collect personal information from children through this Web Site.
If you are a parent with concerns about children’s privacy issues in conjunction with the use of this Web Site, please contact our Customer Care team. Healthkeep encourages parents to discuss this Privacy Policy and the dangers of providing Personal Information with us.
8. Disclaimer
We do not have to bear any responsibility in the following circumstances:
1 Any disclosure of personal information made in accordance with the laws, regulations or mandatory provisions of the government.
2 The disclosure of any personal information resulting from the fact that you shared your user password or a registered account with others.
3 The personal information being disclosed, lost, stolen or tampered by any force majeure caused by hacker attack, computer virus invasion or attack, temporary closure caused by government control and others that affect the normal operation of the network.
9. Amendments and Interpretations of this Privacy Statement
This privacy statement maybe amended at irregular intervals. We will notify you by sending you email or system message before the amendment comes into effect. In this case, if you continue to use our service, it is deemed that you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. The right of revision and final interpretation of the privacy statement shall be owned by Shenzhen Yolanda Software Co., Ltd.
This App privacy policy was updated on August 27, 2020