REKKI - End User Licence Agreement
Privacy Policy
How we use your information
Introduction
This End User Licence Agreement (these
terms
or this
EULA
) sets out the terms of licence and use
          that apply to the application for use on mobile devices (such as mobile phones, tablets and other devices),
          including any updates to the application that we make available for download from any third party application
          store (
Application
).
These terms and conditions also apply to any of the services accessible through the Application, unless
          separate or additional terms apply, in which case they will be displayed on-screen or accessible via a link.
IF YOU ARE ACCESSING THE APPLICATION FROM THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLY, INCLUDING
              AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE. PLEASE VISIT THE SECTION ENTITLED “ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR USERS IN THE UNITED STATES”
              THAT FOLLOWS THIS EULA.
The Application is provided by Sci-buy Limited and its subsidiaries and affiliates (
we
,
us
and
our
). We are a limited company, registered in England. Our registered company number is 07849223, and
          our registered office is at Sci-buy Ltd, 727-729 High Road, London, N12 0BP. Our VAT registration number is
          126487204.
BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE APPLICATION, YOU CONFIRM THAT YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE
            TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY CONSTITUTE A LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACT BETWEEN US AND
            YOU (AND, IF RELEVANT, ANY ORGANISATION ON WHOSE BEHALF YOU ARE ACTING). IF YOU ARE ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY
            ORGANISATION, YOU CONFIRM THAT YOU HAVE THE REQUISITE AUTHORITY, POWER AND RIGHT TO FULLY BIND THAT
            ORGANISATION. IF YOU (OR, IF RELEVANT, YOUR ORGANISATION) ARE NOT ELIGIBLE OR DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE
            TERMS (OR IF YOU DO NOT HAVE THE RIGHT TO BIND YOUR ORGANISATION), YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO ACCESS OR USE
            THE APPLICATION, AND YOU SHOULD NOT PROCEED FURTHER.
You must be at least 18 years old to use the Application. By agreeing to this EULA, you represent and warrant
          to us that (a) you are at least 18 years old; (b) you have not previously been suspended or removed from the
          Service; and (c) your registration and your use of the Service is in compliance with any and all applicable
          laws and regulations. If you are an entity, organisation or company, the individual accepting this EULA on
          your behalf represents and warrants that he or she has the authority to bind you to this EULA and you agree to
          be bound by this EULA. In this EULA, unless the context otherwise requires, all further references to
you
(and
your
, etc) means both you as an individual user and also the organisation on whose
          behalf you are acting (if any).
We reserve the right to change the terms of this EULA from time to time by notifying you (with the updated
          terms being displayed on-screen or with a link to the updated terms) when you next start the Application.
          These terms and conditions were last updated on 9
th
February 2018.
Our role and selling or purchasing goods or services through the Application
We operate the Application as a marketplace platform where potential customers (
Customers
) can find
          suppliers of goods and/or services (
Suppliers
). Suppliers and Customers are, collectively and
          individually, referred to herein as
Users
. Users can use the Application to message and chat with one
          another and, if they so choose, agree orders for goods or services provided by the Supplier.
We are not a supplier or seller or any kind of agent or intermediary between Users, and we do not sell goods
          or services through the Application. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customers may request us to correspond
          with Suppliers on their behalf, including by email or telephone. If you provide us with the contact
          information for any other User or third party, you hereby represent and warrant that such User or third party
          has consented to being contacted by us, and you hereby expressly consent to our contacting such User or third
          party on your behalf.
When Customers buy goods or services from a Supplier and they have communicated with through the Application,
          they purchase from the Supplier directly, not from us. Any purchases of goods or services between Users shall
          be on the basis of a contract between the Users alone and shall be subject to the terms and conditions agreed
          between them. We shall not be a party to that contract and we shall not be in any way responsible for the
          performance of that contract, for the quality or safety of any goods or services sold by the Supplier or for
          payment by any User. We do not provide any guarantee that any communications made between the Users will be
          received in a timely manner, or that they will be accurate, or that the communications will be correctly
          interpreted by each User. We shall have no liability to any User for any loss suffered by a User to the extent
          that it arises in connection with any communications which are or are not made via the Application.
All transactions between Users through the Application are deemed to be validly made by or on behalf of the
          relevant User, and we will have no liability for orders placed or supplied in error or by individuals who are
          not authorized by such User. In the event of a problem with any goods or services purchased by a Customer from
          a Supplier or payment from a Customer, all queries and disputes should be directed to the applicable User, not
          to us.
We do not endorse the goods or service made available by a Supplier, nor the credit worthiness or reliability
          of Customers. Any information provided by a User to another User is provided by the party concerned and we are
          not responsible for its accuracy or authenticity.
Access to the Application
The Application may only be downloaded, installed, accessed or used on a device owned or controlled by you and
          running the relevant operating system for which the Application concerned was designed, so you must make sure
          you have a compatible device which meets all the necessary technical specifications to enable you to download
          and use the Application.
You and any of your personnel who use this Application on your behalf will be assumed to have obtained
          permission from the owner of any device that is controlled, but not owned, by you to download the Application
          to that device. You accept responsibility, in accordance with this EULA, for all access to, and use of, the
          Application by you and your personnel on any device, whether or not it is owned by you.
You acknowledge that the mobile service provider for the device to which you download, or on which you access
          or use, the Application may charge for internet access (including mobile data usage) on that device.
We may, from time to time, restrict access to certain features, functions or content of, or services
          accessible through, the Application to Users who have registered with us and provided their phone number. You
          are not obliged to register with us or provide your phone number or email address, but if you do not do so,
          you will be unable to use the applicable features, functions or content of, or access the applicable services
          through, the Application. You must ensure that any registration details you provide are accurate.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a log-on ID (such as a username and password or other identifier) for
          accessing or using the Application, you must treat such information as confidential and must not reveal it to
          anyone else. You are responsible for all activities that occur under your log-on ID and must notify us
          immediately of any unauthorised use of which you become aware. We reserve the right to disable any log-on ID,
          at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of this EULA or if any
          details you provide for the purposes of registering as a User prove to be false.
We cannot and do not guarantee the continuous, uninterrupted or error-free operability of the Application or
          that the Application will respond at a certain speed (since this depends on a number of factors outside our
          control). Save where you are in breach of the terms of this EULA, we may, at any time, give notice of not less
          than 1 week that your account or access to the Application is to be terminated.
What you are allowed to do
You may only use the Application for the business purposes of your organisation, and only in accordance with
          this EULA (and in accordance with any applicable terms of any relevant third party service provider for the
          device to which you download, or on which you access or use, the Application and only for lawful purposes
          (complying with all applicable laws and regulations), and in a responsible manner.
Subject to the following sections, you may retrieve and display content from the Application on a computer or
          mobile device and store the Application in electronic form incidentally in the normal course of use of your
          browser or mobile device. Additional terms may also apply to certain features, parts or content of the
          Application and, where they apply, will be displayed on-screen or accessible via a link.
What you are not allowed to do
Except to the extent expressly set out in this EULA, you are not allowed to:
republish, redistribute or re-transmit the Application;
copy or store the Application other than for your use as permitted by these terms and conditions and as may
            occur incidentally in the normal course of use of your browser or mobile device;
store the Application on a server or other storage device connected to a network or create a database by
            systematically downloading and storing any data from the Application;
remove or change any content of the Application other than User Content or attempt to circumvent security or
            interfere with the proper working of the Application or any servers on which it is hosted;
use the Application in a way that might damage our name or reputation or that of any of our affiliates; or
otherwise do anything that is not expressly permitted by this EULA.
All rights granted to you under this EULA will terminate immediately in the event that you are in breach of
          any of the foregoing restrictions.
To do anything with the Application that is not expressly permitted by this EULA, you will need a separate
          licence from us. Please contact us, using the
Contacting us
details at the end of
          this EULA.
Third party platform providers and application stores
Certain third party platform providers with whose devices and/or operating systems the Application has been
          designed to be compatible oblige us to include certain additional provisions in this EULA. These are set out
          at the end of this EULA under
Additional terms from third party platform providers
as well as in the two separate documents
additional third party terms for the iOS application
and
additional third party terms for the Android application
. These provisions
          come from the relevant third party platform providers, not us.
Third party application stores are operated by the relevant third party platform providers and/or their
          affiliates. You must comply with all applicable terms of service, rules and policies applying to any third
          party application store from which you download the Application. We are not responsible for these stores or
          (with the exception of the Application) for anything provided by them and do not guarantee that they will be
          continuously available.
Intellectual property rights
We license, but do not sell, to you the Application you download. We remain the owners of the Application at
          all times.
All intellectual property rights in the Application and in any content of the Application (including text,
          graphics, software, photographs and other images, videos, sound, trade marks and logos), other than User
          Content, are owned by us or our licensors. Except as expressly set out here, nothing in this EULA gives you
          any rights in respect of any intellectual property owned by us or our licensors and you acknowledge that you
          do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading the Application or any content from the Application.
The Application may contain code, commonly referred to as open source software, which is distributed under any
          of the many known variations of open source licence terms, including terms which allow the free distribution
          and modification of the relevant software’s source code and/or which require all distributors to make such
          source code freely available upon request, including any contributions or modifications made by such
          distributor (collectively,
Open Source Software
). Please note that, to the extent that the Application
          contains any Open Source Software, that element only is licensed to you under the relevant licence terms of
          the applicable third party licensor (
Open Source Licence Terms
) and not under this EULA, and you accept
          and agree to be bound by such Open Source Licence Terms. A copy of the source code for any Open Source
          Software contained in the Application and the relevant Open Source Licence Terms will be made available to you
          upon request.
Functionality and content
You agree that downloading, installing, accessing and use of the Application that is made available for
          download free of charge is on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis and at your sole risk.
We reserve the right to change the design, features and/or functionality of the Application by making the
          updated Application available for you to download or, where your device settings permit it, by automatic
          delivery of updates. You are not obliged to download any updated Application, but we may cease to provide
          and/or update content to prior versions of the Application and, depending on the nature of the update, in some
          circumstances you may not be able to continue using an Application until you have downloaded the updated
          version.
Where the Application makes content available, you acknowledge that such content may be updated at any time.
          We reserve the right to cease to provide and/or update content to the Application, with or without notice to
          you, if we need to do so for security, legal or, unless that content is part of a subscription you have paid
          for, any other reasons.
Whilst we try to make sure that content made available by the Application consisting of information of which
          we are the source is correct, you acknowledge that the Application makes content available which is derived
          from a number of sources – including from Users – for which we are not responsible. In all cases, information
          made available by the Application is not intended to amount to authority or advice on which reliance should be
          placed. You should check with us or the relevant information source before acting on any such information.
Except as expressly set out in this EULA, we make or give no representation or warranty as to the accuracy,
          completeness, currency, correctness, reliability, integrity, quality, fitness for purpose or originality of
          any content of the Application and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all implied warranties, conditions
          or other terms of any kind are hereby excluded. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we accept no liability
          for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of you or anyone else relying on the content of the
          Application.
We cannot and do not guarantee that the Application or its content will be free from viruses and/or other code
          that may have contaminating or destructive elements. It is your responsibility to implement appropriate IT
          security safeguards (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements
          as to the safety and reliability of the Application and its content.
Your personal information
Use of your personal information submitted to us via the Application is governed by our
Privacy Policy
. Additionally, by using the Application, you acknowledge that
          internet transmissions are never completely private or secure and that it is always possible that any message
          or information you send using the Application may be read or intercepted by others.
User content
The Application allows you to submit user-generated content (
User Content
) and also allows you to
          communicate that content, either to selected recipients or in public or semi-public areas, such as comments
          pages, chat rooms, message boards and messaging between Users and Suppliers (collectively
User Content Areas
). We do not control User Content submitted, nor are User Content Areas actively
          moderated. You are solely responsible for User Content as submitted by you and acknowledge that all User
          Content expresses the views of its respective authors, and not our views.
If you submit any User Content, you must:
keep it relevant to the purpose of the User Content Area to which you submit it and the nature of any topic;
not submit any User Content that is unlawful, threatening, abusive, libellous, pornographic, obscene,
            vulgar, indecent, offensive or which infringes on the intellectual property rights or other rights of any
            third party;
not submit any User Content that you consider to be confidential;
not submit any User Content that contains any viruses and/or other code that has contaminating or
            destructive elements; and
not impersonate, or misrepresent an affiliation with, any person or entity.
You agree that, by submitting any User Content, you grant us and our affiliates a perpetual, irrevocable,
          worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free and fully sub-licensable right and licence to use, reproduce, modify,
          adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such User Content (in
          whole or part) and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology and to use it to
          provide the services we offer through the Application, and you waive any moral rights you may have in, or to
          be identified as the author, of such User Content. While we maintain certain security standards, as further
          detailed in our Privacy Policy, we cannot ensure the confidentiality of User Content. You must not post any
          User Content on or through the Application or transmit to us any User Content that you consider to be
          confidential or proprietary. Any User Content posted by you to or through the Application or transmitted to us
          will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and treated as such by us, and may be used by us in
          accordance with this EULA without notice to you and without any liability. We will not use User Content for
          marketing purposes to the extent it incorporates any order information submitted by Users or Suppliers to the
          Application without your prior consent.
Whilst we do not pre-screen User Content, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to delete, edit or
          modify any User Content submitted by you and/or to close any discussion topic, at any time without notice to
          you.
Complaints about the content of any User Content must be sent to support at rekki dot com and must contain
          details of the specific User Content giving rise to the complaint.
External links and messages
The Application may, from time to time, include links to external sites, which may include links to third
          party offers and promotions. These are included to provide you with access to information, products or
          services that you may find useful or interesting. We are not responsible for the content of these sites or for
          anything provided by them and do not guarantee that they will be continuously available. The fact that links
          are includes to such external sites does not imply any endorsement of or association with their operators or
          promoters.
When you download the Application you may be asked whether you wish to share your contacts. By agreeing to
          share your contacts, your contact will be automatically informed that you are now using the Application and
          you and they will be able to see that each of your uses the Application.
You may be able to send messages to other Users through the functionality of the Application, including
          messages that are transmitted to Suppliers via such Suppliers’ external email addresses. You may give us
          access to your address book to download your contacts and allow you to communicate with your contacts. Further
          information about the data we collect and use is set out in the Privacy Policy. You represent and warrant you
          will only send messages through the App to Users who have given you their express consent to receive such
          messages, and who are authorized to receive such messages. Further, you will indemnify and hold us harmless
          from any and all claims arising out of your sending these messages to any Users. You are responsible for all
          fees and charges associated with such messages.
Our liability
Nothing in this EULA shall limit or exclude our liability to you:
for death or personal injury caused by our negligence;
for fraudulent misrepresentation;
for breach of any term implied by the Consumer Rights Act 2015 and which, by law, may not be limited or
            excluded; or
for any other liability that, by law, may not be limited or excluded.
Subject to this, if you are a consumer and not a business user, in no event shall we be liable to you for any
          business losses, and if you are a business user, in no event shall we be liable to you for any indirect or
          consequential losses, or for any loss of profit, revenue, contracts, data, goodwill or other similar losses,
          and any liability we do have for losses you suffer is strictly limited to losses that were reasonably
          foreseeable and shall not, in aggregate, exceed £100.
We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our
          obligations that is caused by events outside our reasonable control.
General
You may not transfer or assign any or all of your rights or obligations under this EULA.
All notices given by you to us must be given in writing to the address set out at the end of this EULA.
If we fail to enforce any of our rights, that does not result in a waiver of that right.
If any provision of this EULA is found to be unenforceable, all other provisions shall remain unaffected.
These terms and conditions may not be varied except with our express written consent.
These terms and conditions and any document expressly referred to in them represent the entire agreement
          between you and us in relation to their subject matter. We are required by law to advise you that any contract
          formed on the terms of this EULA may be concluded in the English language only and that no public filing
          requirements apply.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by English law. Subject to the next paragraph, you agree that any
          dispute between you and us regarding them or the Application will only be dealt with by the English courts,
          provided that, if you live in a part of the United Kingdom other than England, the applicable law of that part
          of the United Kingdom will govern and any dispute will only be dealt with by the courts there. Nothing shall
          prevent us from bringing proceedings to protect our intellectual property rights before any competent court.
The European Online Dispute Resolution platform
https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/
provides information
          about alternative dispute resolution which may be of interest and we are required to inform you that you may
          use it if there is a dispute that cannot be resolved between you and us.
Additional terms from third party platform providers
Apple
If the Application that you download, access and/or use runs on Apple’s iOS operating system:
the Application may only be accessed and used on a device owned or controlled by you and using Apple’s iOS
            operating system, and only in accordance with Apple’s usage rules published in its App Store terms of
            service;
you acknowledge and agree that:
Apple has no obligation at all to provide any support or maintenance services in relation to the
                Application. If you have any maintenance or support questions in relation to the Application, please
                contact us, not Apple, using the Contacting us details in these terms;
except as otherwise expressly set out in these terms, any claims relating to the possession or use of
                the Application are between you and us (and not between you, or anyone else, and Apple);
in the event of any claim by a third party that your possession or use (in accordance with these terms)
                of the Application infringes any intellectual property rights, Apple will not be responsible or liable
                to you in relation to that claim; and
although these terms are entered into between you and us (and not Apple), Apple, as a third party
                beneficiary under these terms, will have the right to enforce these terms against you;
you represent and warrant that:
you are not, and will not be, located in any country that is the subject of a United States Government
                embargo or that has been designated by the United States Government as a "terrorist supporting" country;
                and
you are not listed on any United States Government list of prohibited or restricted parties; and
if the Application does not conform to any warranty applying to it, you may notify Apple, which will then
            refund the purchase price of the Application (if any) to you. Subject to that, and to the maximum extent
            permitted by law, Apple does not give or enter into any warranty, condition or other term in relation to the
            Application and will not be liable to you for any claims, losses, costs or expenses of whatever nature in
            relation to the Application or as a result of you or anyone else using the Application or relying on any of
            its content.
Additional Terms for Users in the United States
The following additional terms (the
Additional Terms
) apply to our relationship with users of the
          Application located within the United States, and are hereby incorporated by reference into, and amend, the
          EULA. In the event of any conflict between these Additional Terms and the EULA, these Additional Terms will
          govern.
Introduction
.
The following language is added to the section entitled “Introduction”:
ARBITRATION NOTICE.
Except for certain kinds of disputes described in the section entitled “Dispute
          resolution and arbitration,” you agree that disputes arising under this EULA will be resolved by binding,
          individual arbitration, and BY ACCEPTING THIS EULA, YOU AND WE ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY
          OR TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. YOU AGREE TO GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO GO TO
          COURT to assert or defend your rights under this contract (except for matters that may be taken to small
          claims court). Your rights will be determined by a NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR and NOT a judge or jury.
Intellectual property rights
.
The last paragraph of the section entitled “Intellectual property rights” is hereby deleted and
          replaced in its entirety with the following:
The Application may contain code, commonly referred to as open source software, which is distributed under any
          of the many known variations of open source license terms, including terms which allow the free distribution
          and modification of the relevant software’s source code and/or which require all distributors to make such
          source code freely available upon request, including any contributions or modifications made by such
          distributor (collectively,
Open Source Software
). Please note that, to the extent that the Application
          contains any Open Source Software, that element only is licensed to you under the relevant license terms of
          the applicable third party licensor (
Open Source License Terms
) and not under this EULA, and you accept
          and agree to be bound by such Open Source License Terms. A copy of the source code for any Open Source
          Software contained in the Application will be made available to you upon request. You can view the Open Source
          License Terms here.
Functionality and content
.
The last paragraph of the section entitled “Functionality and content” is hereby deleted and
          replaced in its entirety with the following:
Except as expressly set out in this EULA, we make or give no representation or warranty as to the accuracy,
          completeness, currency, correctness, reliability, integrity, quality, fitness for purpose or originality of
          any content of the Application and, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS
          OR OTHER TERMS OF ANY KIND ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED, INCLUDING: (A) ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY,
          FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT; AND (B) ANY WARRANTY ARISING
          OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE. THE APPLICATION AND ALL MATERIALS AND CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE
          APPLICATION ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND ON AN “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE
          ACCEPT NO LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOU OR ANYONE ELSE RELYING ON
          THE CONTENT OF THE APPLICATION.
WE CANNOT AND DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE APPLICATION OR ITS CONTENT WILL BE FREE FROM VIRUSES AND/OR OTHER CODE
          THAT MAY HAVE CONTAMINATING OR DESTRUCTIVE ELEMENTS. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO IMPLEMENT APPROPRIATE
          INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SECURITY SAFEGUARDS (INCLUDING ANTI-VIRUS AND OTHER SECURITY CHECKS) TO SATISFY YOUR
          PARTICULAR REQUIREMENTS AS TO THE SAFETY AND RELIABILITY OF THE APPLICATION AND ITS CONTENT. WE ARE NOT
          RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE THAT MAY RESULT FROM THE APPLICATION AND YOUR DEALING WITH ANY OTHER APPLICATION
          USER. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU USE ANY PORTION OF THE APPLICATION AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK,
          AND THAT WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR PROPERTY (INCLUDING YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR MOBILE
          DEVICE USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE APPLICATION) OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, INCLUDING USER CONTENT.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
.
The following section is added after the section entitled “User content”:
DMCA Notification
. We comply with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act applicable to
          Internet service providers (17 U.S.C. §512, as amended). If you have an intellectual property rights-related
          complaint about material posted on or through the Application, you may contact our Designated Agent at the
          following address:
Sci-Buy Ltd
ATTN: Copyright Manager
727-729 High Road
London N12 0BP
England
+7983534583
Email: copyright at rekkiapp dot com
Any notice alleging that materials hosted by or distributed through the Application infringe intellectual
          property rights must include all of the following information:
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright
            or other right being infringed;
a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
a description of the material that you claim is infringing and where it is located on the Application;
your address, telephone number, and email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use of the materials on the Application of
            which you are complaining is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement by you that the above information in your notice is accurate and that, under penalty of perjury,
            you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual
            property owner’s behalf.
Repeat Infringers
. We reserve the right to terminate the accounts of, and remove User Content posted
          by, users that are determined by us to be repeat infringers of third party intellectual property rights.
          “Repeat infringers” are users with respect to whose User Content we have received three or more notices of
          alleged infringement of intellectual property rights that comply with the requirements set forth above within
          a 12 month period. We also may remove any User Content or terminate any user account at any time, and for any
          reason, in our sole discretion.
Indemnity
.
The following section is added after the section entitled “External links”:
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you are responsible for your use of the Application, and you will
          defend and indemnify us and our officers, directors, employees, consultants, affiliates, subsidiaries ,and
          agents (together, the
Sci-Buy Entities
) from and against every claim brought by a third party, and any
          related liability, damage, loss, and expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out of
          or connected with: (a) your unauthorized use of, or misuse of, the Application; (b) your violation of any
          portion of this EULA, any representation, warranty, or agreement referenced in this EULA, or any applicable
          law or regulation; (c) your violation of any third party right, including any intellectual property right or
          publicity, confidentiality, other property, or privacy right; or (d) any dispute or issue between you and any
          third party. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any
          matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you (without limiting your indemnification obligations with
          respect to that matter), and in that case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of those claims.
Our liability.
The section entitled “Our liability” is deleted and replaced in its entirety with
          the following:
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE SCI-BUY ENTITIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY
          INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS,
          GOODWILL, OR ANY OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF, OR YOUR
          INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE, THE APPLICATION OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT ON THE APPLICATION, WHETHER BASED ON
          WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STATUTE, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT ANY
          SCI-BUY ENTITY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE.
EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THE SECTION REGARDING DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
          PERMITTED BY LAW, THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE SCI-BUY ENTITIES TO YOU FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR
          RELATING TO THE USE OF OR ANY INABILITY TO USE ANY PORTION OF THE APPLICATION OR OTHERWISE UNDER THIS EULA,
          WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF: (A) THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO SCI-BUY
          FOR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE APPLICATION IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENT OR CIRCUMSTANCE GIVING RISE TO
          CLAIM; OR (B) $100.
EACH PROVISION OF THIS EULA THAT PROVIDES FOR A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, OR
          EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES IS INTENDED TO AND DOES ALLOCATE THE RISKS BETWEEN THE PARTIES UNDER THIS EULA. THIS
          ALLOCATION IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES. EACH OF THESE PROVISIONS
          IS SEVERABLE AND INDEPENDENT OF ALL OTHER PROVISIONS OF THE EULA. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION WILL APPLY
          EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
Dispute resolution and arbitration.
The following section is added directly before the section
          entitled “General”:
Generally
. In the interest of resolving disputes between you and us in the most expedient and cost
          effective manner, and except as described in the “Exceptions” section below, you and we agree that every
          dispute arising in connection with this EULA will be resolved by binding arbitration. Arbitration is less
          formal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, may allow
          for more limited discovery than in court, and can be subject to very limited review by courts. Arbitrators can
          award the same damages and relief that a court can award. This agreement to arbitrate disputes includes all
          claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of this EULA, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud,
          misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and regardless of whether a claim arises during or after the
          termination of this EULA. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THIS EULA, YOU AND WE ARE EACH
          WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.
Exceptions
. Despite the provisions above, nothing in this EULA will be deemed to waive, preclude, or
          otherwise limit the right of either party to: (a) bring an individual action in small claims court; (b) pursue
          an enforcement action through the applicable federal, state, or local agency if that action is available; (c)
          seek injunctive relief in a court of law in aid of arbitration; or (d) to file suit in a court of law to
          address an intellectual property infringement claim.
Arbitrator
. Any arbitration between you and us will be settled under the Federal Arbitration Act and
          administered by the American Arbitration Association (
AAA
) under its Consumer Arbitration Rules
          (collectively,
AAA Rules
) as modified by this EULA. The AAA Rules and filing forms are available online
          at
www.adr.org
, by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879, or by contacting us.
          The arbitrator has exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability,
          or enforceability of this binding arbitration agreement.
Notice of Arbitration; Process
. A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send a written
          notice of the dispute to the other party by certified U.S. Mail or by Federal Express (signature required) or,
          only if that other party has not provided a current physical address, then by electronic mail (
Notice of Arbitration
). Our address for Notice is: Sci-Buy Ltd, 727-729 High Road, London N12 0BP, England. The Notice of
          Arbitration must: (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (b) set forth the specific
          relief sought (
Demand
). The parties will make good faith efforts to resolve the claim directly, but if
          the parties do not reach an agreement to do so within 30 days after the Notice of Arbitration is received, you
          or we may commence an arbitration proceeding. All arbitration proceedings between the parties will be
          confidential unless otherwise agreed by the parties in writing. During the arbitration, the amount of any
          settlement offer made by you or us must not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator makes a
          final decision and award, if any. If the arbitrator awards you an amount higher than the last written
          settlement amount offered by us in settlement of the dispute prior to the award, we will pay to you the higher
          of: (i) the amount awarded by the arbitrator; or (ii) $10,000.
Fees
. If you commence arbitration in accordance with this EULA, we will reimburse you for your payment
          of the filing fee, unless your claim is for more than $10,000, in which case the payment of any fees will be
          decided by the AAA Rules. Any arbitration hearing will take place at a location to be agreed upon in New York
          County, New York, but if the claim is for $10,000 or less, you may choose whether the arbitration will be
          conducted: (a) solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator; (b) through a non-appearance
          based telephone hearing; or (c) by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules in the county (or
          parish) of your billing address. If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief
          sought in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth
          in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. In
          that case, you agree to reimburse we for all monies previously disbursed by us that are otherwise your
          obligation to pay under the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the
          arbitrator must issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions
          on which the decision and award, if any, are based. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to
          the payment and reimbursement of fees or expenses at any time during the proceeding and upon request from
          either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator’s ruling on the merits.
No Class Actions
. YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR
          INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE
          PROCEEDING. Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one
          person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
Modifications to this Arbitration Provision
. If we make any future change to this arbitration
          provision, other than a change to our address for Notice of Arbitration, you may reject the change by sending
          us written notice within 30 days of the change to our address for Notice of Arbitration, in which case your
          account with the Application will be immediately terminated and this arbitration provision, as in effect
          immediately prior to the changes you rejected, will survive.
Enforceability
. If the class action waiver above is found to be unenforceable or if the entirety of
          this dispute resolution section is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this dispute resolution
          section will be null and void and, in that case, the parties agree that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue
          described in the section below will govern any action arising out of or related to this EULA.
General
.
The section entitled “General” is deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following:
You may not transfer or assign any or all of your rights or obligations under this EULA. We may assign or
          transfer this EULA or any rights or obligations hereunder at any time in our sole discretion.
All notices given by you to us must be given in writing to the address set out at the end of this EULA.
If we fail to enforce any of our rights, then that does not result in a waiver of that right.
If any provision of this EULA is found to be unenforceable, all other provisions shall remain unaffected.
This EULA may not be varied except with our express written consent.
This EULA and any document expressly referred herein, collectively, represent the entire agreement between you
          and us in relation to their subject matter.
This EULA shall be governed by the law of the state of New York without regard to its conflict of law
          principles. Subject to the section on “Dispute resolution and arbitration,” you agree that any dispute between
          you and us regarding this EULA or the Application will be resolved exclusively by the federal and state courts
          in New York County, New York.
Privacy Policy
This policy
This is Sci-Buy Limited's (t/a REKKI) (we/us/our) privacy policy for the REKKI App ("
App
"). This policy
          explains who we are, why and how we process your personal information (also referred to here as personal data)
          and
your rights
and how to
contact us
if you need to.
Our App allows users to contact and converse with each other primarily for the purpose of ordering goods to be
          used in their business.
Our
contact details
are set out at the end of this policy. We are the controller
          in relation to the personal data processed in accordance with this policy (except where this policy explains
          otherwise).
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how
          we will treat it.
Information we collect about you
We may process your personal data if:
You or the business / company you work for are a user of our App.
You or the business / company you work for use our App or the services provided through the App.
You work for a customer, a supplier or for someone who uses our services.
Information we collect from you or from a third party
We may process your personal data that we have either obtained from you, or obtained from somewhere else.
          Personal data which is not collected directly from you may be collected:
From any websites or apps operated by us that you may use.
From third parties we work closely with (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in
            technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks.
Personal data relating to you that we process may include:
Your name.
Who you work for.
Your phone number, email address or other contact details (these details may relate to your work or to you
            personally, depending on the nature of our relationship with you or the company that you work for).
Information about you that you give us by communicating with us by phone, by e-mail, via our website, via
            social media or otherwise. It includes information you give us or that we obtain when you use our website,
            enquire about our services and App, or contact us to report a problem, or do any of these things on behalf
            of the person that you work for.
Information relating to transactions with us involving you or the company you work for (for example,
            conversations, details of goods, items, ingredients, names of suppliers or services that you may order
            through the App, or obtained from, you or the person you work for).
Other information relating to you which it is necessary for us to process in order to enter into or perform
            a contract with you or the company you work for.
Information that we obtain from you when you use our Apps may include:
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the
            Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and
            versions, operating system and platform
Location data - we don’t currently get location data, but if we will, the app will explicitly ask you about
            it and will be used to allow us to provide you with specialised features.
With your prior consent, access to and uploading onto our servers of your address book. This will allow you
            to amongst other things, to start chats with, send message, invite your contacts to existing chats and
            generally interact with your contacts. It will also allow you to see which of your contacts is already on
            REKKI. access your contacts who are on the App more easily and mean that the App is more efficient for you
            to use.
Cookies
Cookies and other technologies
Our App uses cookies and/or other similar technologies such as device-ID, in-App codes, pixel tags or web
          beacons to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code that a
          website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track
          information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer
          or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and
          content as well as storing searches and presenting personalised content.
Our App uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our App. This helps us to
          provide you with a good experience when you use our App and also allows us to improve our App.
A number of cookies and similar technologies we use last only for the duration of your web or app session and
          expire when you exit the App. Others are used to remember you when you return to the App and will last for
          longer.
We use these cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the performance of a
          contract with you, or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these
          are not overridden by your rights), and, in some cases, where required by law, where you have consented to
          their use. Further details about the cookies we use are set out in the table below.
Cookie
Name
Purpose and lawful basis
More information
Unique Identifier Cookie
_chat_key
This cookie allows us to uniquely identify a user in order to provide a tailored experience and
                recognise you when you return to the app.
Currently, this cookie is not being used to tailor your experience.
Device Unique Identifier Cookie
_rekki_auth_key
This cookie allows us to uniquely identify a device in order to defend ourselves against malicious
                attacks from particular devices and maintain availability for all users.
How we use your information
Information you give to us
We will use this information to:
Take steps in order to enter into any contract or carry out our obligations arising from any contract
            entered into between you or the company you work for and us including:
supplying services, including reports on the purchases you make and from whom, to you or the company you
                work for or receiving them from you or the company you work for, as the case may be;
administering your/your company's account with us;
notifying you about changes to our service.
Provide you with information about our services we feel may interest you or the company you work for, if you
            have given your consent to receiving marketing material from us at the point we collected your information,
            where required by law or otherwise in our legitimate interests provided these interests do not override your
            right to object to such communications. See
Our promotional updates and communications
.
Ensure in our legitimate interests that:
content from our App is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
we provide you or the company you work for with the information and services you request from us.
Information we collect about you from your use of our App
We will use this information in our legitimate interests, where we have considered these are not overridden by
          your rights:
to administer our App and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing,
            research, statistical and survey purposes.
to keep our App safe and secure.
to improve our App to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your
            computer.
to allow you to explore suppliers on the platform or other services that you may have an interest in, or
            that will provide a business advantage for you/your business.
Chat and Order Information
We confirm that we will not disclose to third parties that are not part of the chat any orders or chats that
          take place between users of the App in any way which would allow a user and/or the company they work for to be
          identified directly. This means that no user will be able to see what another user that is not part of the
          chat orders in a way that would link it directly to that user
We may however collect and distribute aggregated and anonymised information about users and any orders they
          place though the App. If we choose to do this we will ensure that no individual user or company can be
          directly identified from that data. It is important to note that the ‘direct’ reference is key. Someone can
          infer information by process of deduction, but we will not give it directly.
Our promotional updates and communications
Where permitted in our legitimate interest or with your prior consent where required by law, we will use your
          personal information for marketing analysis and to provide you with promotional update communications.
You can object to further marketing at any time by changing your privacy settings in the App or by sending us
          an email to
support
at
rekki
dot
com
.
Who we give your information to
We may share your personal data with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries,
            who support our processing of personal data under this policy or an employee thereof.
Appropriate third parties including:
our business partners, customers, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we
                enter into or other dealings we have in the normal course of business with you or the person that you
                work for;
our auditors, legal advisors and other professional advisors or service providers;
In relation to information obtained via our App:
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our App and
                subject to the cookie section of this policy.
Other disclosures we may make
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data
            to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets subject to the terms of this privacy policy.
If Sci-Buy Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal
            data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation,
            or in order to enforce or apply our terms of supply terms and other agreements with you or the company you
            work for; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Sci-Buy Limited, our customers, or others. This
            includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection
            and credit risk reduction and to prevent cybercrime.
Where do we store your information?
The data that we process in relation to you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the
          European Economic Area ("EEA") that may not be subject to equivalent data protection law. It may also be
          processed by staff situated outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers.
We may transfer your personal information outside the EEA:
In order to store it.
In order to enable us to provide the services to and fulfil our contract with you or the company your work
            for.
Where we are legally required to do so.
In order to facilitate the operation of our group of businesses, where it is in our legitimate interests and
            we have concluded these are not overridden by your rights.
In order to provider the Services we may transfer your personal information to countries outside of the EEA.
          Where your information is transferred outside the EEA, we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure
          that your data is subject to appropriate safeguards, such as relying on a recognised legal adequacy mechanism,
          and that it is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
How we protect your information
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have
          chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our App, you are responsible for keeping this
          password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do
          our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our App;
          any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures
          and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Our website may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy
          policies or the content of such sites.
How long we keep your information
We retain personal data for as long as you have an account with us in order to meet our contractual
          obligations to you and for six years after that to identify any issues and resolve any legal proceedings. We
          may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and
          improve our services. You cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes.
Your rights
You have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us;
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us;
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your
            concerns with this information, for example);
to object to the further processing of your personal data, including the right to object to marketing;
to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party.
You may opt out at any time from allowing further access by us to your location data by changing the privacy
          settings on your device or by emailing us at
support
at
rekki
dot
com
. You can also stop
          all information collection by un-installing the App. You may use the standard un-install processes as may be
          available for your mobile device.
Your right to withdraw consent
Where the processing of your personal information by us is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw
          that consent without detriment at any time by
contacting us
.
How to exercise your rights
You can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at
support
at
rekki
dot
com
.
If your request or concern is not satisfactorily resolved by us, you may approach your local data protection
          authority, (see
here
). The
Information Commissioner
is the supervisory authority in the UK and can provide further information
          about your rights and our obligations in relation to your personal data, as well as deal with any complaints
          that you have about our processing of your personal data.
Changes to this policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in future will be posted on our App and, in relation to substantive
          changes, will be notified to you by e-mail. This policy was last updated on 21st May 2018
Contacting us
Sci-Buy Limited and we are contactable at
support
at
rekki
dot
com
.