Use of Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computer’s hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
What do we use cookies for?
Cookies automatically send us certain information about your visit to our website such as your connection to the internet which includes your IP address, operating system and the browser you used for the visit. We use session Cookies (which are short term Cookies that are deleted shortly after your visit to the website) which analyse your behaviour on our website which we then analyse to make improvements to our website and make it more user friendly. We may also use cookies from third parties for marketing and functional purposes.
This website uses tracking software to monitor visitors to better understand how they use the website. These cookies are saved to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website but will NOT store, save or collect personal information about the user.
How can you control cookies?
Should users wish to prevent the use and saving of Cookies from this website they should take the necessary steps to do so which is to visit this website from their browsers ‘Private’ or ‘Incognito Mode’ or to take configure such settings in their browser to block and prevent Cookies.
We do NOT pass on or sell any information collected from cookies to third parties.
Controller
The Good Till Co process data both as a controller and a processor. The Good Till Co store personal information on a secured server within the EU. The information stored is solely used for support purposes only and is not passed or sold on to third parties. To use all functionality of The Good Till system we sometimes have to act as data processors, examples of this include sending out email receipts to customers of our clients.
Using Website Contact Forms
When you submit a message via our contact form, you consent to be added to our email marketing list. We use a third party provider, MailChimp, to deliver any new offers and promotions. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs to help us monitor and improve our offering. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice. You can opt-out anytime by using the unsubscribe button when we send you an email.
Personal Information
How we collect POS customer data
The table below describes how and why data is captured for customers that checkout in stores using The Good Till system.
Data type
Data source
Point of record
Who has access
Reason for record
Customer personal details for loyalty schemes.
Data provided by customer.
Recorded in store on the point of sale device.
Viewable by store staff. *
Used as a record of a specific customer so that loyalty points can be accumulated, redeemed or credit can be assigned.
Customer personal details for online orders
Data provided by customer.
Optionally, data may be sourced from a social network if you choose to login with a social provider (eg Google or Facebook).
Recorded on signup or when the user updates their details.
Viewable by store staff. *
Displayed on the point of sale device when an order is created by a user of the Order and Collect service.
*This data will also be viewable by Good Till support staff if they log in to the client’s Backoffice in order to assist with a support query.
How we collect Goodtill client data
The table below describes how and why data is captured for store owners using The Good Till system.
Data type
Data source
Point of record
Who has access
Reason for record
Staff personal details
Data provided by business owner.
Recorded when configuring users in the Back office.
Viewable by store staff. *
Providing staff management features.
Details entered in contact form
Data provided by the client in the contact form.
When a message is submitted in a contact form on https://thegoodtill.com
Support staff and the Good Till website administrator.
Used for responding to customer queries.
*This data will also be viewable by Good Till support staff if they log in to the client’s Backoffice in order to assist with a support query.
Your Rights of Access
You have the right to access personal data held by us a data controller. We will provide access to your personal information at any time upon request in a readable, commonly used, machine-readable format. If you wish to do this, please contact our data controller at gdpr@thegoodtill.com to make a Subject Access Request or data deletion request.
Modifications of this Privacy Policy
Please note that we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time to ensure that it complies with current legal requirements.
App-specific privacy policies
Goodeats
Goodies