PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which iByngo Inc. collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (aka, the "Users") of  our websites, mobile applications, and other online products or services (collectively, the "Services").
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users use our Services. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, email address. Users may, however, use our Services anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Services.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Services. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Services, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Services may use "cookies" to enhance user experience. Users web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Services may not function properly.
How we use collected information
We may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Services
We may need Users information for our Services to work correctly such us user sign in.
To improve customer service
Information Users provide helps us respond to customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send Users information and updates pertaining to our Services. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Services.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Electronic newsletters
If Users decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the Users would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or Users may contact us via our Services.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Services that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Services. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Services, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our Services may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize Users computer each time they send Users an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about Users. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to Users. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Services and other sites on the Internet. DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about Users, such as name, email address, physical address, etc. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Compliance with children's online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Services from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our Services is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to this privacy policy
We have the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Services, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and send Users an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Users acknowledge and agree that it is user's responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
By using our Services, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Services. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Please contact us via email at
contact@ibyngo.com
if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy.
This document was last updated on March 10, 2017
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html:
Privacy & Terms