To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
Privacy Policy
{title}
Skip to content
Introduction
Principles
Information
Direct Marketing
Our identification tools
Automated Decision Making
Retaining Your Personal Data
Personal Data Transfer
Disclosing Your Information
Third Party Links
Security of Your Personal Information
The rights granted to you as the data subject
Collection of criminal background data from the candidates
Use of Cookies
Personal data protection officer
Contacting Us
1. Introduction
At UAB “deVere E-Money” (“deVere”, “the Company”, “we” or “us”), we are dedicated
				to safeguarding and preserving your privacy when using our Services or
				communicating electronically with us.
This Privacy Policy and our Terms of use, (together the“Policy”), provides an
				explanation as to what happens to any personal data that you provide the Company,
				or that we collect from you or other sources whilst using our Services on our
				mobile application deVere Vault (“App”), our websites
www.devere-emoney.com
,
www.devere-vault.com
(together the
				“Website”), with prepaid multicurrency MasterCard card and other online products
				and non-banking services (“Services”), that enable you to convert currency and
				make payments swiftly and in a cost-effective manner. You may choose not to
				provide any information to us, in which case, the Company may be unable to provide
				its Services to you; services such as, receiving money, sending money and
				exchanging currency etc.
Data Controller - UAB “deVere E-Money, UAB, company code is 304469514, the address
				is Technopolis Delta, J. Balčikonio str. 9 LT- 08314, Vilnius, Lithuania. The
				Company is the electronic money institution, authorized and regulated by the
				Lithuanian supervisory authority - Bank of Lithuania. The license of the Company
				and all activities covered by it can be checked here:
www.lb.lt/en/enforcement-measures-1
All activities of the Company are regulated by the applicable laws related to the
				electronic money, including, but not limited to the legal acts related to the
				financial institutions and financial services.
The Company is collecting and using the personal data (hereinafter - “Personal
				data”) of its potential, existing and/or former customers, customer's employee or
				other parties, e.g. beneficial owners, authorised representatives, business
				partners, other associated parties and/or person contacting us using e-mail or
				other communication measures (hereinafter - “Customers” or “you”), the Company is
				obligated to use and process the Personal data of the Customers only in accordance
				with this Policy and the applicable legal acts which regulate the protection of
				Personal data, including the General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679)
				(hereinafter - “GDPR”), the Law on Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing
				Prevention of the Republic of Lithuania, Law on Legal protection of personal data
				of the Republic of Lithuania and other applicable legal acts.
The Company updates this Policy from time to time. We will inform you in advance
				about the essential changes of the Policy by way of notification to your account
				or your email. Other than that, please review this Policy regularly. Any changes
				and clarifications will take effect on the date indicated in the prior
				notification.
2. Principles
Managing Personal Data
The Company commits to comply with the provisions of the Law on Legal Protection
				of Personal Data of the Republic of Lithuania and all of the other Laws and/or
				legal acts that are applicable, as well as the GDPR and all other legal acts of
				the European Union that are applicable in accordance with the Personal data
				protection regulations for the specific country in which our Services are
				provided.
The Company manages personal data in observance of the following principles:
Processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner in relation to the data
					subject ('lawfulness, fairness and transparency');
Collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further
					processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes; ('purpose
					limitation');
Adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes
					for which they are processed ('data minimization');
Accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; every reasonable step must be
					taken to ensure that personal data that are inaccurate, having regard to the
					purposes for which they are processed, are erased or rectified without delay
					('accuracy');
Kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than
					is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed;
					('storage limitation');
Processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data,
					including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against
					accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or
					organizational measures ('integrity and confidentiality').
Data processing operations are documented to prove the GDPR compliance
					('accountability').
3. Information
When providing its Services or communicating electronically with you, the Company
				collects and processes certain data about you. This information may be provided to
				us by yourself, or we may collect information about you from you or other sources,
				as described below.
Use of Your Information
Purposes of data processing (legal basis)
Processed data
Envisaged periods for storing and (or) deleting the data (where possible)
Taking necessary steps to conclude Customer contracts and performing
										Customer contracts
Legal basis: contractual obligation to perform a contract
first name;
last name;
e-mail address;
phone number;
birth date;
country;
city;
state;
address;
zip code;
expiry date of ID documents;
citizenship
During contract term and up to 10 years after the contractual
									relationship ends; Personal data which has been collected in order to
									fulfil the obligations under the Law on Money Laundering and Terrorist
									Financing Prevention - in accordance with the law, generally up to 8
									(eight) years.
Carrying out legal obligations related to onboarding of Customers,
										provision of services to the Customers (KYC, AML, creditworthiness and
										financial risk assessment and similar), tax obligations, accounting
										requirements, archiving requirements
Legal basis: statutory necessity derived from the Law on Anti-money
									Laundering and CTF Prevention
Law on Financial Institutions
Law on Electronic Money and Electronic Money Institutions
Law on Payment Services
first name;
last name;
e-mail address;
phone number;
birth date;
country;
city;
state;
address;
zip code;
expiry date of ID documents ;
citizenship;
employment status;
employer name;
annual spending volume;
wallet token number;
date of registration;
user connect code;
time and date of last and next Ongoing Due Diligence (ODD) process and
										Enhanced Due Diligence (EDD) process;
companion card limit;
IP address;
customer account reference number;
opt-in/opt-out status concerning marketing activities customer type;
PEP status;
expected use of services;
source of funds;
account purpose;
main payment countries;
tax residency country;
tax identification number;
status as an undocumented account (in case the PoA is missing or
										unacceptable;
distribution address;
account status;
risk score;
KYC documents and other data (proof of address, proof of identity);
other personal data depending on specific circumstances;
transaction data (date, beneficiary details, amount and currency of
										transactions, IBAN, debit card number);
scanned or photographed face image or image provided via
										identification application.
Contact person of a customer (legal entity):
first name;
last name;
mobile phone country code;
phone number;
e-mail address.
Authorised person of a customer (legal entity):
position;
citizenship;
first name;
last name;
date of birth;
mobile phone country code;
phone number;
e-mail address;
address;
status as a U.S. citizen, tax resident, Green Card Holder, or being
										born in U.S.;
PEP status;
proof of address.
Executive (director, representative) of a customer (legal entity):
position;
citizenship;
first name;
last name;
date of birth;
status as a U.S. citizen, tax resident, Green Card Holder, or being
										born in U.S.;
PEP status;
address;
ID document (document type, document number, issuing country; date of
										issue; date of expiry), incl. photo of the document;
proof of address.
Shareholder of a customer (legal entity):
citizenship;
first name;
last name;
date of birth;
share percentage;
status as a U.S. citizen, tax resident, Green Card Holder, or being
										born in U.S.;
PEP status;
address;
e-mail address;
phone number;
status as an UBO;
source of wealth;
tax number;
tax country;
status as an executive, director, representative of the customer;
ID document (document type, document number, issuing country; date of
										issue; date of expiry), incl. photo of the document;
proof of address;
proof of source of funds.
During contract term and up to 10 years after the contractual
									relationship ends; Personal data which has been collected in order to
									fulfil the obligations under the Law on Money Laundering and Terrorist
									Financing Prevention - in accordance with the law, Generally, up to 8
									(eight) years.
Communication - customer service
Legal basis: overriding legitimate interest of the Company to provide
									good customer service
Email;
Account information;
Name, last name;
Telephone.
Data is stored for up to 6 months after the Customer claim is resolved.
Direct marketing
Legal basis: consent (opt-out). Direct marketing is based on two
									separate consents (opt-out) given via the application.
Name;
E-mail address;
Opt-in/opt-out status.
Data is stored for as long as the Customer‘s consent is valid (until
									withdrawn), unless personal data is needed for other processing purposes
									(such as performance of a contract).
4. Direct Marketing
Due to the respect of your rights granted to you as data subject, please find the
				information how we use your data for direct marketing purposes.
As a deVere E-Money client, we will provide you with information on products and
				services that we offer, or a new promotion that we're running that is related to
				your Vault Business account only if you agree to receive direct marketing
				communication (“opt-in”). These communications may be via email or in-app message,
				which can be viewed in the notification center. The only information we will use
				to contact you is that which you provided when first signing up for Vault app or
				Vault Business platform, that is, your first name and email address. If you do not
				want to receive these messages from deVere E-Money any longer, you can “opt out”
				at any time by navigating to the Vault app > Settings > Contact Preferences or
				inform our DPO at
privacy@devere-emoney.com
.
We provide a clear, free-of-charge and easily realizable possibility for you at
				any time not to give your consent or to withdraw your given consent for sending
				proposals put forward by us. We shall state in each notification sent by e-mail
				that you are entitled to object to the processing of the Personal Data or refuse
				to receive notifications from us. You shall be entitled to refuse to receive
				notifications from us by clicking on the respective link in each e-mail
				notification. You also have a right to withhold your consent at the time of
				setting up your account with us.
Please be informed that the Company is part of the wider deVere Group of Companies
				and you may at any time request to receive marketing emails and/or calls about
				products and services that they offer. The list of the deVere Group of Companies
				are publicly available here:
Locations - deVere Group (devere-group.com)
. If you wish to receive such marketing emails and/or calls about products and
				services, please choose the “opt-in” within the Vault Business app > Settings >
				Contact Preferences. Only in case you choose to receive direct marketing e-mails
				or calls about the services and products that deVere Group of Companies are
				offering, the Company will share with them your first name and email address.
				Please note that neither the Company, nor the deVere Group of Companies share your
				personal data with third-party organizations. You can stop receiving marketing
				emails and/or calls from deVere Group of Companies by “opt out” at any time by
				navigating to the Vault Business app > Settings > Preferences; or by informing our
				DPO at
privacy@devere-emoney.com
.
Please note that if you choose not to agree to receive these marketing messages
				offered by us, by deVere Group Companies or both, this will not affect the
				Services in any way.
5. Our identification tools
In order to perform your identity verification, the Company is using the services
				provided by our partner Ondato, UAB. The Service Provider takes the photo images
				or video records of your face and your ID document that you provide through a
				mobile application or a dedicated website using the camera. For more information
				on Ondato, UAB please read its Privacy Policy
www.ondato.com/privacy-policy
.
Ondato, UAB solution is used for comparing live photographic data or video record
				of yourself and your ID document, to comply with legal obligations (e. g.
				implementation of the obligations under the Law on Money Laundering and Terrorist
				Financing Prevention of the Republic of Lithuania and other fraud and crime
				prevention purposes) and risk management obligations.
The result of the face similarity (match or mismatch) will be retained for as long
				as it is necessary to carry out verification and for the period required by
				anti-money laundering laws.
The Company ensures that your face similarity check is a process of comparing data
				acquired at the time of the verification, i. e. this is a one-time user
				authorization by comparing person's photos to each other. Your facial template is
				not created, recorded or stored. It is not possible to regenerate the raw data
				from retained information. This process shall allow us to verify your identity
				more precisely and make the process quicker and easier to execute. If you do not
				feel comfortable with this identification method you may contact us by email
support@business.devere-vault.com
for an alternative way to identify yourself.
6. Automated Decision Making
Automated decision-making refers to the processing using, for example, software
				code or an algorithm, which does not require human intervention. Currently we are
				not using automated decision-making technologies. However, if we decide to do so,
				we will provide you with further information about the logic involved, as well as
				the significance and the envisaged consequences to you.
Please be informed that you can request a manual review of the accuracy of an
				automated decision in case you are not satisfied with it and you have the right
				not to be subject to a decision based solely on such automated processing.
7. Retaining Your Personal Data
Please be informed that your Personal data is stored for no longer period than it
				is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or for the period set
				forth by applicable laws.
If the legislation of the Republic of Lithuania does not provide any period of
				retention of Personal Data, this period shall be determined by us, taking into
				account the legitimate purpose of the data retention, the legal basis and the
				principles of lawful processing of Personal Data.
Please also be informed that under some circumstances, your Personal Data might be
				stored longer than it is indicated in the table above, mainly:
in case it is necessary in order for us to defend ourselves against claims,
					demands or action and in order to exercise our rights in a proper way;
in case there is a reasonable suspicion of an unlawful act that is being
					investigated;
in case your Personal Data is necessary for the proper resolution of a
					dispute/complaint;
under other statutory grounds.
8. Personal Data Transfer
We may transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European
				Union and European Economic Area for processing and storing. Also, it may be
				processed by staff operating outside the European Union and European Economic Area
				who work for us, for deVere Group of Companies or for one of our partners, acting
				and processing data on behalf of deVere Group of Companies according to the data
				processing agreements signed between the parties. The Company will take all
				reasonable steps to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement
				with this Privacy Policy. These data transfers are usually based on adequacy
				decisions by the European Commission (Art. 45 GDPR). Where this is not the case,
				e.g., when it comes to transfers to the USA, India the data transfers are
				especially based on EU Standard contractual clauses in line with the templates
				adopted by the European Commission (Art. 46 paragraph 2 lit. c, paragraph. 5
				sentence. 2 GDPR), or on a derogation according to Art. 49 GDPR. You may ask
				deVere to provide you a copy by contacting the deVere Data Protection Officer at
privacy@devere-emoney.com
.
Data that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers located in
				Netherlands. Details relating to any transactions entered on our Website / App
				will be encrypted to ensure its safety.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and
				hence the Company cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically
				and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk. Where we
				have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you can access
				certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password
				confidential.
9. Disclosing Your Information
We may disclose and/or transfer your Personal data only in accordance with legal
				regulations and the principles of confidentiality to the following categories of
				recipients:
the deVere Group, our external partner companies, agents or intermediaries who
					are a necessary part of the provision of our products and Services;
external service providers that help us to provide Services for you;
third parties where we have a duty to or are permitted to disclose your personal
					information by law, mainly: governmental bodies and/or supervisory authorities
					(in accordance with the requirements and obligations under the provisions of
					legal acts concerning anti-money laundering, fraud prevention, counter terrorist
					financing), credit, financial, payment and/or other electronic money
					institutions, pre-trial investigation institutions, the State Tax Inspectorate;
third parties where reasonably required to protect our rights, systems and
					services, mainly: lawyers, bailiffs, auditors etc.;
service providers such as: cloud storage/servers providers, card issuing
					institutions, identification and verification service providers, other service
					providers with which we have concluded service provision agreements (e.g.
					companies providing services for money laundering, politically exposed persons
					and terrorist financing check-up, other fraud and crime preventions) or when
					mentioned sharing is mandatory according to applicable laws;
beneficiaries of transaction funds receiving the information in payment
					statements together with the funds of the transaction;
the relevant parties in case of a merger and acquisition to which the Company is
					a part to;
other entities that have a legitimate interest or the Personal data may be
					shared with them under the contract which is concluded between you and us.
10. Third Party Links
You might find links to third party websites on our Website. These websites should
				have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any
				responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control
				over them.
11. Security of Your Personal Information
We have technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect
				against unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of your information we collect
				or store. Our employees are trained on the importance of protecting privacy and on
				the proper access to, use and disclosure of customer information. Under our
				practices and policies, access to sensitive personally identifiable information is
				authorized only for those who have a business need for such access.
Although we work hard to protect your personal information that we collect and
				store, no website or app is 100% secure and we cannot guarantee that our
				safeguards will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use or disclose
				personal information.
We will inform you of any breach of personal data within the term set forth by the
				applicable law, when the Personal data breach is likely to result in a high risk
				to your rights and freedoms.
12. The rights granted to you as the data subject
You, as a data subject, shall have the right to:
know/be informed about the processing of your Personal data, have access to
						your Personal data and familiarize yourself with the processing method;
You have the right to get information about which Personal data concerning you
					we process. However, this right may be restricted by legislation, protection of
					other persons' privacy and consideration for the Company's business concept and
					business practices. The Company's know-how, business secrets as well as internal
					assessments and material may restrict your right of access.
rectification of incorrect or incomplete data;
If it turns out that we process Personal data about you that is inaccurate, you
					have the right to request a rectification of the Personal data. You can also
					request to have incomplete Personal data about you completed.
have any or all of your Personal data erased;
You have the right to have any or all of your Personal data erased. Provided we
					do not have any continuing lawful reason to continue processing or holding your
					Personal data, we will make reasonable efforts to comply with your request. In
					certain cases, we cannot erase all of your Personal data. In such case this
					would be due to the fact that we need to store your Personal data due to a
					contractual relationship or law.
restriction of processing of your Personal data;
You may also ask us to restrict processing your Personal data for a period of
					time. This can pertain, for example, to a situation where you believe it is
					unlawful for us to do so and/or data about you is inaccurate and we need to
					verify it. It can also pertain to a situation where you object to processing
					that we base on a legitimate interest. In such a case we must verify if our
					grounds override yours.
object to any use of your Personal data which is based on the legitimate
						interests;
Where we rely on our or third party's legitimate interests as the legal basis
					for processing your Personal data, you have the right to object to us using your
					Personal data, unless our reasons for undertaking that processing outweigh any
					prejudice to your data protection rights.
Personal data portability;
In certain situations, you can ask us to transfer your Personal data to another
					data controller or provide directly to you in a convenient format (NOTE:
					applicable to Personal data which is provided by you and which is processed by
					automated means on the basis of consent or on the basis of conclusion and
					performance of the agreement).
withdraw your consent;
In certain situations, where we rely on your consent as the legal basis for
					processing your Personal data, you may withdraw your consent at any time. In
					case you withdraw your consent, we will stop that particular processing, when
					the processing is based on such consent. However, if you withdraw your consent,
					our use of your Personal data before you withdraw remains lawful;
lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
In case you consider that our processing of your Personal data is processed in a
					way that violates your rights and legitimate interests stipulated by applicable
					legislation, you may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority - the State
					Data Protection Inspectorate. Please note, according to legal requirements prior
					to filing a complaint to the Inspectorate you must attempt to resolve the issue
					with us. You may apply in accordance with the procedures for handling complaints
					that are established by the State Data Protection Inspectorate and which may be
					found on the website:
www.vdai.lrv.lt
.
We will exercise the required rights only after we receive your written request to
				exercise a particular right indicated above and only after confirming the validity
				of your identity.
If you would like to exercise the rights mentioned above, please contact us at
info@devere-emoney.com
.
Your requests shall be fulfilled or fulfilment of your requests shall be refused
				by specifying the reasons for such refusal within 30 (thirty) calendar days from
				the date of submission of the request meeting our internal rules and GDPR. The
				afore-mentioned time frame may be extended for 30 (thirty) calendar days by giving
				prior notice to you if the request is related to a great scope of Personal data or
				other simultaneously examined requests.
The Company must provide conditions to you to exercise the rights specified above,
				with the exceptions of cases provided by law when it is necessary to ensure:
state security or defence;
public order, the prevention, investigation, detection and prosecution of
					criminal offence;
important economic or financial interests of the state;
prevention, investigation, detection of breaches of official or professional
					ethics;
protection of rights and freedoms of the data subject or any other persons.
The Company also ensures all other rights, guarantees and interests of the Data
				subjects guaranteed by GDPR and other legal acts of the Republic of Lithuania.
13. Collection of criminal background data from the candidates
If you apply for a position at the Company, please note that we will perform a
				criminal background check and will ask for the certificate from the Information
				and Statistics department.
The following positions are subject to the criminal background checks pursuant to
				the overriding legitimate interest of the Company: AML Analyst, Senior AML
				Analyst, Customer Service Team Leader and Customer Service Associate.
All other positions in the Company are subject to criminal background check due to
				the legal requirements.
14. Use of Cookies
If you access any information or services through the Company's Website, you
				should be aware that the Company uses cookies which are small text files that are
				placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a Company's Website,
				containing some information connected with your usage of the Website.
For more information on how to control your cookies settings and browser settings
				or how to delete cookies on your hard drive, please read the Cookies Policy which
				is available on the Company's Website:
www.devere-emoney.com/cookies-policy
.
15. Data protection officer
The Company has appointed a data protection officer (hereinafter the Officer). The
				appointed person may be reached at
privacy@devere-emoney.com
.
16. Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our Policy or data processing or if
				you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of privacy laws, please
				contact us at
info@devere-emoney.com
.
When a privacy question or access/download request is received we have a dedicated
				team which triages the contacts and seeks to address the specific concern or query
				which you are seeking to raise. Where your issue may be more substantive in
				nature, more information may be sought from you. All such substantive contacts
				receive a response. If you are unsatisfied with the reply received, you may refer
				your complaint to the supervisory authority or to the competent court. If you ask
				us, we will endeavour to provide you with information about relevant complaint
				avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Policy or data processing or if
				you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of privacy laws, please
				contact us at
support@business.devere-vault.com
.
Manage consent
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://ondato.com/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policy
Intro
Purposes of the processing of personal data
Legal basis for the processing of your personal data
Recipients of your personal data
Rights of data subjects
Third party information on the website
Duration of data retention
Security of personal data
Use of cookies
Examination of your requests
Policy update
Information about our company
Third party information on the website
Intro
Purposes of the processing of personal data
Legal basis for the processing of your personal data
Recipients of your personal data
Rights of data subjects
Third party information on the website
Duration of data retention
Security of personal data
Use of cookies
Examination of your requests
Policy update
Information about our company
UAB „Ondato“ website privacy policy
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) explains how Ondato UAB (the “Company”, “We” or “Us”) collects and uses the information while you are using the services on our website at
ondato.com
(the “Website”). By browsing the Website or using our Services, you, as a user of our website or our customer (“User”, “Customer” or “you”), agree to the terms of this Policy and confirm that you have read and understood all the terms of the Policy. The Company processes personal data only in accordance with the requirements of legal acts regulating the processing of personal data. The Company processes only as much personal data as is necessary to achieve a specific purpose and retains them only for as long as is necessary to achieve the intended purposes. You can always contact the Company by email
info@ondato.com
if you have any questions about the processing of your personal data.
Purposes of the processing of personal data
The purpose of newsletters and direct marketing
If you are our potential Customer or You are interested in our services on the Website for other purposes, as well as if you wish to receive newsletters, we process the personal contact details you provide. You can unsubscribe from our newsletters at any time by emailing the Company
info@ondato.com
.
The purpose of using cookies on our website
We use cookies to obtain information about how you use our Website. Cookies allow us to improve and simplify the user experience when using our Website. In principle, the information does not contain any data that would allow us to individually identify you as a natural person or a representative of a legal entity. We will process your data using cookies for as long as your consent is valid.
Legal basis for the processing of your personal data
Your consent
The Company’s legitimate interest in ensuring the proper functioning of the Company’s website.
Recipients of your personal data
We would like to inform you that the Company uses service providers in carrying out its activities. These are companies providing information technology, newsletter services and other entities that provide the services required by the Company. We have made sure that all service providers to whom we transfer your Personal Data follow our instructions on how they should process your Personal Data. The transfer of your Personal Data is governed by the data processing agreements or data processing conditions that we have concluded with the service providers. All service providers – as data controllers – must guarantee that your Personal Data will be processed as carefully and thoroughly as we do, and service providers must also implement technical and organizational measures to ensure the same level of data protection when processing personal data as and we. Your personal data is disclosed to these service providers of the Company only to the extent necessary for the provision of these services. Your personal data may be transferred to state institutions and bodies, other persons performing the functions assigned to them by law, if such obligation applies to the Company in accordance with the applicable legislation.
Rights of data subjects
You have the following rights regarding your personal data:
Right of access:
you have the right to request access to any data that may be considered your Personal Data, including, for example, the right to know whether we process your Personal Data, the categories of Personal Data we process and the purposes for which we process this data.
Right to rectify:
You have the right to request that we correct any of your Personal Data if you believe it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to object:
You have the right to object to the appropriate processing of your Personal Data, including, for example, the processing of your Personal Data for marketing purposes or if we otherwise base the processing of your data on legal interests.
Right to delete:
You can also request that your Personal Data be deleted if it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, or if you consider that the processing is unlawful or you consider that Personal Data should be deleted in order to we would not violate a legal requirement.
Right to transfer data:
if your Personal Data is processed automatically with your consent, you may request that we provide you with such Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and electronic form. In addition, you can also request that Personal Data be transferred to another controller. Please note that this can only be done if there is a technical possibility to do so.
Right to withdraw consent:
In cases where data are processed with your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time. Withdrawal of consent shall not be valid and shall not affect the lawfulness of the processing of data prior to withdrawal.
Right to complain:
You have the right to complain about the processing of personal data to the State Data Protection Inspectorate if you believe that your personal data is being processed in violation of your rights and legitimate interests under applicable law.
If you have any doubts or questions regarding the processing of your personal data, please first contact us by e-mail
info@ondato.com
.
Third party information on the website
The Company’s website may contain links to third party websites and social networks. Third parties may process personal data under conditions other than those of us, so please contact them for access to their processing of personal data.
Duration of data retention
Personal data shall be processed for no longer than is necessary for the purposes of the processing. Personal data shall be processed for the purposes of newsletters and direct marketing until you have withdrawn your consent.
Security of personal data
Your personal data is protected against loss, unauthorized use or unauthorized alteration of this data.
Use of cookies
In order to adapt the content of the website to the needs of its visitors, cookies may also be used on our website
www.ondato.com
. Cookies ensure the safe and efficient operation of the Website, remember your actions and priorities and allow you to conveniently browse our Website. If you no longer agree to the use of cookies, you can delete stored cookies in your browser at any time. You should be aware that restricting cookies may prevent some features of the website from working. Detailed instructions for changing cookie settings in various browsers can be found at www.aboutcookies.org. Cookies used on the website:
Necessary
Cookie name
Duration
Description
cookieyes-consent
1 year
CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users’ consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors.
_GRECAPTCHA
5 months 27 days
Google Recaptcha service sets this cookie to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks.
Functional
Cookie name
Duration
Description
wp-wpml_current_language
session
WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings.
pvc_visits[0]
1 day
Posts View Counter set this cookie to ensure accurate view counts on each page.
__cf_bm
30 minutes
Cloudflare set the cookie to support Cloudflare Bot Management.
lidc
1 day
LinkedIn sets the lidc cookie to facilitate data center selection.
_hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress
30 minutes
Hotjar sets this cookie to detect a user’s first pageview session, which is a True/False flag set by the cookie.
UserMatchHistory
1 month
LinkedIn sets this cookie for LinkedIn Ads ID syncing.
li_gc
5 months 27 days
Linkedin set this cookie for storing visitor’s consent regarding using cookies for non-essential purposes.
Analytics
Cookie name
Duration
Description
_ga
1 year 1 month 4 days
Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site’s analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors.
_gid
1 day
Google Analytics sets this cookie to store information on how visitors use a website while also creating an analytics report of the website’s performance. Some of the collected data includes the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.
_gat_gtag_UA_*
1 minute
Google Analytics sets this cookie to store a unique user ID.
_session_id
14 days
Cookie set by G2 to store the visitor’s navigation by recording the landing pages. This allows the website to present products and indicate the efficiency of the website.
ln_or
1 day
Linkedin sets this cookie to registers statistical data on users’ behaviour on the website for internal analytics.
_hjSessionUser_*
1 year
Hotjar sets this cookie to ensure data from subsequent visits to the same site is attributed to the same user ID, which persists in the Hotjar User ID, which is unique to that site.
_hjFirstSeen
30 minutes
Hotjar sets this cookie to identify a new user’s first session. It stores the true/false value, indicating whether it was the first time Hotjar saw this user.
_hjSession_*
30 minutes
Hotjar sets this cookie to ensure data from subsequent visits to the same site is attributed to the same user ID, which persists in the Hotjar User ID, which is unique to that site.
_fbp
3 months
Facebook sets this cookie to display advertisements when either on Facebook or on a digital platform powered by Facebook advertising after visiting the website.
AnalyticsSyncHistory
1 month
Linkedin set this cookie to store information about the time a sync took place with the lms_analytics cookie.
CLID
1 year
Microsoft Clarity set this cookie to store information about how visitors interact with the website. The cookie helps to provide an analysis report. The data collection includes the number of visitors, where they visit the website, and the pages visited.
_clck
1 year
Microsoft Clarity sets this cookie to retain the browser’s Clarity User ID and settings exclusive to that website. This guarantees that actions taken during subsequent visits to the same website will be linked to the same user ID.
_clsk
1 day
Microsoft Clarity sets this cookie to store and consolidate a user’s pageviews into a single session recording.
_gcl_au
3 months
Google Tag Manager sets the cookie to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services.
_gat_UA-*
1 minute
Google Analytics sets this cookie for user behaviour tracking.
_ga_*
1 year 1 month 4 days
Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views.
SM
session
Microsoft Clarity cookie set this cookie for synchronizing the MUID across Microsoft domains.
MR
7 days
This cookie, set by Bing, is used to collect user information for analytics purposes.
Performance
Cookie name
Duration
Description
SRM_B
1 year 24 days
Used by Microsoft Advertising as a unique ID for visitors.
_uetsid
1 day
Bing Ads sets this cookie to engage with a user that has previously visited the website.
_uetvid
1 year 24 days
Bing Ads sets this cookie to engage with a user that has previously visited the website.
Advertisement
Cookie name
Duration
Description
muc_ads
1 year 1 month 4 days
Twitter sets this cookie to collect user behaviour and interaction data to optimize the website.
guest_id_marketing
1 year 1 month 4 days
Twitter sets this cookie to identify and track the website visitor.
guest_id_ads
1 year 1 month 4 days
Twitter sets this cookie to identify and track the website visitor.
personalization_id
1 year 1 month 4 days
Twitter sets this cookie to integrate and share features for social media and also store information about how the user uses the website, for tracking and targeting.
guest_id
1 year 1 month 4 days
Twitter sets this cookie to identify and track the website visitor. It registers if a user is signed in to the Twitter platform and collects information about ad preferences.
li_sugr
3 months
LinkedIn sets this cookie to collect user behaviour data to optimise the website and make advertisements on the website more relevant.
bcookie
1 year
LinkedIn sets this cookie from LinkedIn share buttons and ad tags to recognize browser IDs.
bscookie
1 year
LinkedIn sets this cookie to store performed actions on the website.
test_cookie
15 minutes
doubleclick.net sets this cookie to determine if the user’s browser supports cookies.
IDE
1 year 24 days
Google DoubleClick IDE cookies store information about how the user uses the website to present them with relevant ads according to the user profile.
MUID
1 year 24 days
Bing sets this cookie to recognise unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. This cookie is used for advertising, site analytics, and other operations.
ANONCHK
10 minutes
The ANONCHK cookie, set by Bing, is used to store a user’s session ID and verify ads’ clicks on the Bing search engine. The cookie helps in reporting and personalization as well.
Uncategorized
Cookie name
Duration
vx_user
9 months 26 days
_hjIncludedInSessionSample_3312245
2 minutes
vx_page
9 months 26 days
Examination of your requests
You can submit a request for the processing of your personal data to the Company by e-mail
info@ondato.com
.
We will process your request for the processing of personal data within 1 month, unless we take 2 months due to the complexity of the request, but we will definitely inform you about it.
We will respond to your request in the manner chosen in your request, unless we are unable to process your request in this way.
Policy update
We reserve the right to periodically update and change the Policy. We will inform about any changes on the Company’s Website.
Information about our company
UAB Ondato
Company code 303342439
Lvovo st. 25-104, LT-09320 Vilnius, Lithuania.