Privacy Policy
Privacy
of your information is extremely important to us. Consequently, we at Smarter Apps and Brain Games strive to protect your data. Moreover, we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. In addition this document describes our privacy policy and our commitment to it.
By visiting www.appmum.com.au or using any of the Smarter Apps and Brain Games apps, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Specifically w
e do not share any of your information.
However please note that we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies for web sites to which we may link.
Children Under the Age of 13
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA) imposes requirements on operators of websites, apps and other services that collect personal information from children under 13.
Certainly Smarter Apps and Brain Games fully supports the goals of COPPA. We are committed to full transparency with respect to our data collection and retention policies.
Smarter Apps and Brain Games does not collect personal information from children under 13.
Information We Collect
We collect information from your device for the purposes of  analytics and diagnostic data.
We do not require your name or e-mail address.
How We Use Information
We alone use your information internally within Smarter Apps and Brain Games. This is  for the purposes of supporting and improving Smarter Apps and Brain Games products to you.
We do not share your name or e-mail address with other parties.
Cookies
Cookies provide additional features for our apps.  Additionally they help us improve the web site and user experience. We use
Google Analytics.
They show us how our sites are operating. We do not provide personal information to Google. Analytics show us who is using our sites. Additionally we gain insight on how we can improve them.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Smarter Apps and Brain Games web site or use any of our apps, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice. If you have any concern about privacy of Binary Formations sites or products, please
contact us
with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Terms and Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail notices of changes to the policies, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
More Information
If you have additional questions, you can
contact us via email
.
Last Updated: September 1, 2022