PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy governs your use of the software applications for mobile devices that was created by Adrian Zarzycki, The Applications are mobile video games.
Information used by application.
User Provided Information
The Applications currently do not collect any user provided information
We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Automatically Collected Information
The Applications may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices IDFA (for advertising), your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Application.
Collecting precise real time location information of the device.
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Third parties access to information obtained by the Application.
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
-as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
-when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
-with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
-if Adrian Zarzycki. is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
-to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section below
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising.
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application low. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification IDs of your mobile device. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can’t identify you personally.
If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled “Opt-out” below.
Opt-out rights.
There are multiple opt-out options for users of this Application:
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application:
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Opt-out from the use of information to serve targeted advertising by advertisers and/or third party network advertisers:
you may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your IDFA in the operating system settings.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 48 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at contact@rgbdev.com.