Private Policy
Wicca Magazine
- Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
(Please note: The in-app purchase subscription is a subscription billed automatically every 30 days.)
Available subscriptions are:
Pay to access
- $19.99 per month subscription.
This app (
Wicca Magazine
) is free to download with
paid content within
.
To access the current issue of Wicca Magazine requires an in-app purchase of 19.99.
The subscription is billed every month until cancelled, You will receive one issue of WICCA Magazine every month (every 30 days)  Payment will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. An
auto-renewable subscription
means that the subscription will
automatically renew unless cancelle
d. You can cancel auto-renewal subscriptions by going to the
settings area on your phone
and scrolling down to the
“Itunes & App Store”
area within the setting sections. Wicca Magazine will only appear within your subscriptions area if you have made a purchase. You can also check if you have an active subscription by checking if payment was charged to your iTunes account after confirmation of purchase. users of
Wicca Magazine
have the responsibility to cancel any unwanted subscriptions. Our support team does not have the ability to cancel subscription for you.
To cancel a subscription please watch the video on the following link:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTYOGxocu2o
Another option to cancel your subscription is to contact apple support directly.
If you are facing any difficulties with canceling your subscription, Please contact support@WiccaMaagzine.com and our team will be happy to provide you support on cancelations. You can also use the contact us button located on tab 2 within the application.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you use our app/site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter.
When ordering or registering on our site/app, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We take your privacy seriously and will take all measures to protect your personal information.
Any personal information received will only be used to fill your order. We will not sell or redistribute your information to anyone.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To personalise your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
; To improve our Application
(we continually strive to improve our
Magazine
offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
; To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
; To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Refund Policy
If you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, within 30 days from the purchase date, we will fully refund the cost of your order.
Your Consent
By using our app, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or send an email notifying you of any changes.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Contact
1 comment:
Julius
Affiliate
Digital Wicca Magazine
gx3gle@gmail.com
https://sites.google.com/site/gx3gle
https://12db5440icmtaz66c677o7cl6z.hop.clickbank.net/?tid=GX3GLE
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Newer Post
Home
Subscribe to:
Post Comments (Atom)
About Me
a
View my complete profile
Blog Archive
▼
2017
(3)
▼
March
(3)
Terms And Conditions
Contact Us
Private Policy
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it