Effective date: October 07, 2018
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our mobile applications and the choices you have associated with that data.
Information Collection and Use
We do not collect, store, or transfer any personally identifiable information through the use of our mobile applications.
Types of Data
Personal Data
While using our mobile applications, we never ask you to provide us with personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). We do not collect any personal data and have no access to it.
Usage Data
We do not collect or store any anonymous or agregated data from our mobile apps and do not use tools for analytics.
Location Data
Some of our mobile applications may use location data if granted authorisation by the user. Location data is stored on the device and is not collected by us. Authorisation for the app to use location data can be denied at any time in the Settings of the device.
If location data is used by the app it will only be done when the app is being used and to provide information on local services of interest.
Various technologies [are used to] determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is not transferred to — or maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
No transfer of your Personal Data will take place to a third party because we do not collect Personal data through any of our mobile applications.
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Purchasing Data
We sell our mobile applications and any associated in-app features through the Apple AppStore. Your transaction is with Apple, not with us. We receive no information about your purchase or you.
Links to Other Sites
Our mobile applications may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like
Loading...