TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE (THE “TERMS”)
Please take a few moments to read and consider our Terms set out below.
Terms of Use
These Terms of Use (‘Terms & Conditions’) will apply when using or purchasing from this or any other affiliated website (all referenced as the ‘Website’) as a guest or a registered account user. Please read these Terms & Conditions carefully before starting to use this Website. By using our Website you are agreeing to abide by our Terms & Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms & Conditions, please refrain from using this Website. Should anyone access our Website via your internet connection, it is your responsibility that they are aware of these Terms & Conditions and that they comply with them.
Class reserves the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide through this Website or amend these Terms & Conditions without notice and are not liable for any reason the Website is unavailable for any period of time.
Although we endeavour to provide you with the most up to date and reliable information, this is given without any guarantees.
Class Publishing Ltd
This Website is operated by Class Publishing Ltd (‘Class’). Class is registered in England under the company number 2993127. The registered address for Class is The Exchange, Express Park, Bristol Road, Bridgwater, TA6 4RR, UK and the registered VAT number is GB 503 5208 87.
Class is a member of the Independent Publishers Guild.
Class publishes a range of titles for the emergency services and primary care professionals. Class also represents Jones & Bartlett Learning throughout Europe. This involves the sale and distribution of the majority of the Jones & Bartlett Learning product range. Titles published by Class are available worldwide.
Distribution
Class uses an external distributor (NBNi) to process and distribute products on behalf of Class. Due to COVID-19 and working by Government distancing regulations, we ask customers to allow for a slight delay in delivery times.
Risk of damage or loss during delivery is your responsibility once delivered or at the point delivery is attempted. If you fail to take delivery of the products at the time when we tried to deliver and you require the product to be delivered again, you may incur additional delivery charges.
Product Availability and Product Withdrawal
Class are within their right to withdraw any product from the market and from sale on this Website with no prior notice, or liability, to you (the ‘User’).
The Jones & Bartlett Learning title range are only available to customers within Europe and therefore Class retains the right to refuse orders for these titles outside of Europe.
eBooks
Once you have purchased an eBook, your eBook access code will be provided in your confirmation email. Your eBook can be viewed on multiple devices but is licenced to you only and is not to be shared with a third party, used on social networks or uploaded onto websites.
We are unable to accept returns of eBooks or replacement products if the eBook code has been redeemed.
Intellectual Property Rights
Material (‘Material’ refers to text, graphics, images, video and audio) produced or sold on this Website are the property of Class and can be protected by a copyright. You are not able to use this Material without prior consent or for commercial use. Although you are able to download or print extracts of this Material, you should not print or download this Material in a systematic or regular manner and must not distribute this Material either in paper or electronic form without any prior permission. Should you wish to do so you must contact Class directly on 01278 427800 or info@class.co.uk.
If you are found using Material available through this Website in a way that breaches these Terms & Conditions, legal action may be taken and you will be asked to remove all online content and return or destroy any copies of the Material you have made.
Accounts
If you choose to create an account (‘Your Account’) on our Website, your contact details, discount use and order history will be held securely on our Server. In the My Account section you can see orders, pre-orders, discounts used, addresses, payment methods and account details. We do not hold payment details on this website. For privacy and GDPR information please visit our Privacy Policy.
Any login details and passwords must be kept confidential and should not be disclosed to any third party. Class retain the right to cancel and remove accounts with or without notice if we feel you have not complied with these Terms & Conditions or are impersonating someone else.
Account access is your responsibility and you must notify any users accessing our Website via your internet connection of these Terms & Conditions and ensure they comply by them.
The Purchase of Products
Purchases (‘Your Order’) on this Website can only be competed through the Website Checkout and by providing valid payment details. If Your Order is completed successfully, you will receive an email to the email address you provide during the order process and Your Order will be delivered to the address you have on Your Account or the address you completed in the Checkout process. Once you have received your email confirmation, your order will enter our electronic ordering system and Class may be unable to prevent it being dispatched to you. For cancellation or returns information, visit our Returns and Cancellation Policy.
By agreeing to these Terms & Conditions you will be acknowledging that all product information on this Website is approximate only and that colours of products may vary slightly to that supplied to you.
Class withhold the right to make any product specification updates to the product overview or table of contents as required.
This Website uses PayPal as a payment portal. You are not required to have a PayPal account to purchase products on this website as you can use the checkout as guest function provided by PayPal.
Pre-orders
There is the ability to place Pre-orders on this Website. Payment details will be taken at the point of checkout and this Website uses Braintree to hold your payment details securely until the product is released. For cancellation of Pre-orders please refer to our Delivery and Cancellation policy.
Prices
Prices listed on this Website are subject to change and can be inflated or discounted by Class.
The price quoted on the product page excludes postage, which is applied at checkout.
You are responsible for the cost of postage and the address you supply in your order. All can be reviewed before entering payment details.
Discounts and Vouchers
Class, from time to time, provides customers with discounts or vouchers as part of their marketing campaigns. You can find recent discounts and offers information on our SALE/OFFERS page.
Should there be more than one discount available on a product at one time, only one discount can be used in one transaction.
Postage Charges
This Website will apply a postage charge to orders placed. This charge is based on the weight of the product or the total basket, together with the destination of the order. There is no postal charge applied to electronic products.
Custom Charges
Class has no control or responsibility of any custom charges or taxes that may be applied to orders outside of the EU. Custom charges vary from country to country so Class recommend you check for any possible import charges with the customs office or post office before ordering. The User is responsible for the payment of all customs formalities, such as import duties, taxes, levies and other charges.
Contract
When you place an order to purchase a product from Class, we will send you an e-mail confirming receipt of your order and containing the details of your order. Your order represents an offer to us to purchase a product which is accepted by us when we send e-mail confirmation to you that we’ve despatched that product to you (the ‘Despatch Confirmation e-mail’). That acceptance will be complete at the time we send the Despatch Confirmation e-mail to you. Any products on the same order which we have not confirmed in a despatch confirmation e-mail to have been despatched do not form part of that contract.
Returns and Cancellations
For information on how to return or cancel an order. please visit our Returns and Cancellations Policy.
Uploading Material onto the Website
This Website allows you to post and upload various materials as feedback or reviews. Class are not liable for the material you upload and can remove your material at any time if it is deemed inappropriate by Class. Should your feedback be deemed as offensive or a violation of a person’s privacy to Class or any other user, Class have the right to disclose your identity to those raising the concern.
Reviews and feedback left on this Website will be considered public, royalty free and not confidential. By leaving comments on our website, you are giving us permission to publish this for marketing purposes in any format we choose.
Linking
This Website provides links to third party websites. This does not mean that we endorse, authorise or sponsor that website nor does it mean that we are affiliated with the third party website’s owners or sponsors. Links provided on our website are for your information only. Linking to a third party website is done at your own risk.