Home
Signup
Login
한국어
中文
关闭翻译
Gift Vouchers
For Restaurants
Shuttle Blog
Article 1) Purpose
① "Personal information" is information about an individual who is alive, and information that can identify the individual by the name, resident registration number, etc. included in the information (the information alone can not identify a specific individual, Including those that can be identified and combined.
② The company places great importance on the protection of your personal information and complies with the Personal Information Protection Act, the Personal Information Protection Regulations on the Information Communication Network Promotion and Information Protection Act, and the Personal Information Protection Guidelines established by the Ministry of Information and Communication. We are. The Company will disclose the purpose of the personal information processing policy to understand the purpose and use of the personal information you provide and what measures are being taken to protect your personal information.
Article 2) Items of Personal Information Collected
① Personal information collected when registering
1. Required: email address (login ID), password, phone number
2. Optional: Kakao ID, nationality, date of birth, preferred language
② Personal information collected during social account registration
1. Information to be provided and stored: ID (email), unique number, mobile phone number
③ Personal information collected when ordering
1. Required: Address
④ Technical information collected during service use
1. Service record (ID, Device ID or IMEI)
⑤ Personal information collected when contacting customer service
1. Affiliation / advertisement: Person in charge, name, phone number, address
2. Customer support / other inquiries: email, phone number, order number
3. Restaurant registration request: Phone number
Article 3) Consent to Collection of Personal Information
You may refuse to consent to the collection of personal information under "Article 2) Items of Personal Information Collected". However, if you refuse, you may not be able to join the service or you may not be able to use the service. In addition, the Company may collect and use the personal information of the user without the consent in accordance with the laws and regulations when it falls under any of the following subparagraphs:
1. It is obviously difficult to obtain the usual consent for economic and technical reasons as personal information necessary to fulfill the contract for the provision of
information and telecommunication services
2. When it is necessary for the settlement of charges due to the provision of information and communication services
3. If there are other special provisions in the law
Article 4) Collection and Use of Personal Information
The Company collects personal information for the following purposes, and will ask for the user's consent in advance if the purpose is changed.
1. E-mail address (login ID), password: Used for identification process to use the service
2. E-mail address and phone number: Secure communication path such as notification, self- Information on new products or event information, Write a review about service use Invitation, Identify your identity for customer inquiries and answers, Provide other services and advertisement information provided by the company
3. Address and phone number: Delivery according to user's food order And to ensure the exact destination for the delivery of goods and identification of the person for identity, contact and answer
Article 5) Collection of personal information by cookies
①  A cookie is a small amount of information that a website sends to your computer browser (such as Internet Explorer).
The company uses 'cookies' to store information about you and to find it from time to time. Cookies identify your computer but do not personally identify you.
You also have a choice of cookies. You can have the option to accept all cookies from the Tools> Internet Options tab at the top of your web browser,
send a notification when a cookie is installed, or reject all cookies.
② Use of cookies
1. Analyze the frequency of access or stay time to identify the user's taste and interests and use it in target marketing
2. Analyze the habits of the members and measure the service reorganization
3. Registering a board post Cookie expires when you close your browser or log out
Company name
Purpose
Personal information provided
Delivery Restaurant, Delivery Agent (Delivery Agent)
Providing affiliate services including delivery service, etc.
Name, mobile phone number, shipping address
Article 6) Provision of Personal Information to a Third Party
① The Company shall use your personal information within the limits specified in the "Purpose and purpose of collecting personal information" and shall not use it beyond the scope of this information or provide it to any other person or company or organization. In particular, we will use and provide personal information with the following caution.
1. Affiliate: You may provide or share your personal information with affiliates for the purpose of fulfilling the delivery service use agreement. In the event that you provide or share your personal information with the delivery (agency) and your local partners, you will notify us in advance of the name of the affiliate, the personal information item to be provided or shared (name of the recipient of the goods or service, You will be notified by e-mail and written notice individually about the reason for providing and sharing information, the method and duration of the protection, and if you do not agree, you will not provide it to the affiliate or share it with the affiliate. If you have a change in your partnership or terminate your partnership, you will be informed or agreed to by the same process.
2. Sale, Merger, etc.: If the rights and obligations of the service provider are transferred completely, we will give detailed notice of the reason and procedure in advance and give the option of withdrawing consent to the user's personal information.
② Notice and consent method will be announced at least 10 days prior to announcement on the homepage of the homepage of online homepage.
③ The following are exceptions.
1. When there is a request from related organizations for investigation purposes in accordance with the related laws and regulations.
2. When it is provided to advertisers' partners or research organizations in a form that can not identify a specific individual for statistical writing, academic research or market research.
3. If there is a request pursuant to the procedures set forth in other relevant laws and regulations
4. In exceptional cases, however, if the information is provided by the related laws or by the request of the investigation agency, it is notified to the parties. It may not be necessary due to legal grounds. We will do our utmost to prevent information from being used indiscriminately against the original purpose of collection and use.
Article 7) Retention and Use Period of Personal Information Collected
① The Company uses the member's personal information only from the time of using the service to the period of providing the service.
② After withdrawing from membership or suspension of membership, re-enrollment or termination of the membership will be repeatedly used to take advantage of economic benefits such as discount coupons and event benefits provided by the company or unauthorized use of names in this process. The Company will keep the information of the member for 90 days after the withdrawal of membership.
③ Notwithstanding paragraphs 1 through 4 of this Article, in the case of personal information that needs to be held for a certain period of time due to the confirmation of the relationship of rights and obligations related to the transaction, the Company shall keep the personal information in accordance with the laws and regulations stated below I will.
• Personal information related to the use of the service (log-in record) Conservation grounds: Preservation period of communication secret law 3 months
• Records / advertising records Preservation grounds: Law on consumer protection in e-commerce etc. 6 months
• Contract or withdrawal Records Preservation Basis: Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce etc. Retention period: 5 years
• Record of payment and goods supply: Preservation basis: Act on consumer protection in electronic commerce, etc. Retention period: 5 years
• Consumer complaint or dispute Records on processing Records Preservation basis: Act on consumer protection in e-commerce, etc. Retention period 3 years
• Records on personal location information Preservation ground: Act on the protection and use of location information Retention period 1 year
• Retention period for Electronic Financial Transactions: Preservation Period of Electronic Financial Transactions Act: 5 years
• Records on data registration and sales: 180 days
④ If you request to view the transaction information you have consented to, Take measures so that you can check the reading without delay.
⑤ Withdrawal of Consent to Collection, Use and Provision of Personal Information
5a. A user may, at any time, withdraw his/her consent to collection, use and provision of personal information, which he/she consented to during sign up. A user may immediately withdraw consent to collection, use and provision of personal information by clicking "I want to delete it" in the "Delete Account" section of "My Account" of website or by clicking "Delete My Shuttle Account" button under "Account Settings" section of "My Account" on mobile application. If user contacts the Personal Information Protection Officer in writing, by telephone or by e-mail, etc., The Company shall immediately take necessary measures for the withdrawal without delay. In the event of withdrawal of consent or destruction of personal information, The Company shall immediately notify the user.
5b. The Company shall take necessary measures so that a withdrawal of the consent to collection of personal information (withdrawal from membership) is easier than consenting to collection of personal information.
5c. When a user voluntarily withdraws from the membership, The Company shall destroy personal information of the user one (1) month after the withdrawal for the purpose of prohibiting the user from illegally or expediently receiving any economic profits such as discount coupons, event benefit, etc. through repetitive sign ups and voluntary withdrawals, or from using someone else's identity illegally.
6. Procedure and Method of Destruction of Personal Information
6a. When the purpose of use of personal information collected is achieved, The Company shall immediately destroy the relevant information in accordance with the possession period and the use period. The procedure, method and time of destruction shall be as follows:
• Procedure and Time of Destruction:
Personal information entered by a user for sign up to membership shall be deleted or destroyed after lapse of the period, which is prescribed for the protection of information (see Section 3  above) under The Company's internal policy and other applicable laws, after the purpose of use of personal information is achieved, such as termination of services. In general, if there are no remaining credits or debts, personal information collected upon membership sign up and then managed in an electronic file form shall be deleted immediately at the time of withdrawal from membership.
• Method of Destruction
Personal information printed on paper shall be destroyed by shredding or incineration. Personal information stored in an electronic file form shall be deleted by technical method which makes it impossible to restore or reproduce
Article 8) Consignment processing of personal information
In order to improve the service, the Company may entrust and process the collection, processing, and management of your personal information externally.
1. When entrusting the processing of personal information, we will notify you of the consigning agency and its facts through the homepage in advance. However, in the case of entrusting the business of promoting or soliciting goods or services or soliciting sales, the individual shall be notified individually to the user through e-mail address, etc., and the details of the work entrusted by the company in writing If we can not notify you and the trustee, we will post it on the homepage for more than 30 days.
2. In the case of entrusting the processing of personal information, we will do our best to keep the confidentiality of the personal information of the service provider through the contract agreement etc.
3. We prohibit the provision of third parties and the burden of liability at the time of the accident, the period of consignment, the return or destruction of personal information after the end of processing, etc., and keep the written or electronic contents of the contract.
4. The Company's personal information consignment processing agency and entrusted business contents are as follows.
Company
위탁업무 내용
(유)FirstData Korea  퍼스트데이터코리아
(주)KakaoPay 카카오페이
(주)Card VenNet 카드밴넷
PayPal (US)
Offer electronic payment method
Sendgrid (US)
Email marketing to send deals.
Twilio (US)
Send text messages and make an automatic calls
Article 9) Personal Information Protection Officer
The company is doing its best to ensure that you have good access to good information.
In case of any incidents that arise in relation to the protection of your personal information, you are responsible for the protection of personal information.
However, despite technical remedies, we are not responsible for any damage caused by unexpected accidents caused by basic network dangers such as hacking, and
any disputes caused by posts made by visitors. The person and person responsible for handling your personal information are as follows, and we will
respond promptly and faithfully to any inquiries about your personal information.
[Personal Information Protection Officer]
Name
Department
Email
Phone number
Ben Hough
IT
admin+privacy@shuttledelivery.co.kr
070-8890-4146
Article 10) Obligation of Notification
The current personal information processing policy will be notified through 'notice' on the homepage at least 7 days before the amendment if there is any addition, deletion or modification of contents due to the change of government policy or security technology.
nocontent