Plus
Minus
What's New
Shop All New Clothing
New Dresses
New Tops
New Jumpsuits
Back In Stock
Most Loved
Plus
Minus
Dresses
Shop All Dresses
Plus
Minus
Styles
Wedding Guest Dresses
Occasion Dresses
Long Sleeve Dresses
Wrap Dresses
Spring Dresses
Floral Dresses
Midi Dresses
Maxi Dresses
Summer Dresses
Black Tie Dresses
Evening Dresses
Day Dresses
Maternity Dresses
Breastfeeding Friendly Dresses
Mini Dresses
Off the Shoulder Dresses
Halter Neck Dresses
Shirt Dresses
One Shoulder Dresses
Boho Dresses
Plus
Minus
Colour
Green Dresses
Blue Dresses
White Dresses
Red Dresses
Black Dresses
Pink Dresses
Burgundy Dresses
Jumpsuits
Plus
Minus
Clothing
Shop All Clothing
Plus
Minus
Dresses
Shop All Dresses
Plus
Minus
Jumpsuits & Playsuits
Shop All Jumpsuits & Playsuits
Jumpsuits
Playsuits
Culotte Jumpsuits
Plus
Minus
Tops
Shop All Tops
Blouses
Cami Tops
T-Shirts
Long Sleeve Tops
Off The Shoulder Tops
Oversized Tops
Shirts
Crop Tops and Bralets
Plus
Minus
Coats & Jackets
Shop All Coats & Jackets
Blazers
Jackets
Duster Coats
Denim Jackets
Trench Coats & Macs
Parkas
Leather Jackets
Wool Coats
Gilets
Co-ords
Plus
Minus
Skirts
Shop All Skirts
Midi Skirts
Maxi Skirts
Mini Skirts
Pencil Skirts
Leather Skirts
Denim Skirts
Plus
Minus
Trousers & Leggings
Shop All Trousers & Leggings
High Waisted Trousers
Smart Trousers
Leather Look Trousers
Leggings
Plus
Minus
Knitwear
Shop All Knitwear
Cardigans
Jumpers
Knitted Dresses
Knitted Tops
Plus
Minus
Jeans
Shop All Jeans
Boyfriend & Mom Jeans
High Waisted Jeans
Skinny Jeans
Ripped Jeans
Basics
Plus
Minus
Sweaters & Hoodies
Shop All Sweaters & Hoodies
Hoodies
Sweaters
Plus
Minus
Kimonos & Kaftans
Shop All Kimonos & Kaftans
Kimonos
Kaftans
Bodysuits
Plus
Minus
Shorts
Shop All Shorts
Smart Shorts
Denim Shorts
High Waisted Shorts
Plus
Minus
Swimwear
Shop All Swimwear
Beachwear
Bikinis
Swimsuits
Plus
Minus
Lingerie & Hosiery
Shop All Lingerie & Hosiery
Pyjamas
Lingerie Sets
Bras
Bodysuits
Shapewear
Briefs & Thongs
Hosiery
Socks
Plus
Minus
Shop By Fit
Big Boob Friendly
Tummy Flattering
Plus Size
Maternity
Plus
Minus
Weddings
Wedding Guest Dresses
Wedding Guest Jumpsuits
Spring Wedding Guest Dresses
Summer Wedding Guest Dresses
Wedding Guest Tops
Bridesmaid Dresses
Bridesmaid Jumpsuits
Bridesmaid Shoes
Engagement Party Dresses
Mother of the Bride
Mother of the Groom
Long Sleeve Wedding Guest Dresses
Maxi Wedding Guest Dresses
Midi Wedding Guest Dresses
Wedding Guest Shoes
Plus
Minus
Occasionwear
Occasion Dresses
Race Day Dresses
Christening Guest Dresses
Black Tie Dresses
Evening Dresses
Hen Party Dresses
Birthday Dresses
Going Out Dresses
Going Out Tops
Going Out Shoes
SilkFred Luxe
Plus
Minus
Perfect For
Weddings
Night Out
The Pub
Date Night
Family Lunch
Brunch Outfits
Jeans and a Nice Top
Work
Beach Holiday
Après Ski Outfits
Plus
Minus
Spring
Spring Dresses
Spring Outfits
Spring Wedding Guest Dresses
Spring Jackets
Race Day Dresses
Floral Dresses
Floral Tops
Floral Skirts
Après Ski Outfits
Plus
Minus
Shoes
All Shoes
Heeled Sandals
Flat Sandals
High Heels
Trainers
Boots
Ankle Boots
Flat Shoes
Black Heels
Sliders
Knee High Boots
Over The Knee Boots
Slippers
Plus
Minus
Accessories
All Accessories
Jewellery
Bags
Outlet - new styles added
Home
NEW
Gift Cards
Ireland
You are currently shipping to Ireland and your order will be billed in GBP.
HOME
PRIVACY
SilkFred - Privacy and Cookies Policy
November 2022
Introduction
Information we may collect from you
Cookies and other technologies
Uses of other similar technologies
Uses made of your information
Information sharing
Public forums
External links
Payment processing
Security
Storage of your information
Your rights
Contacting us
Introduction
This is the privacy and cookies policy for
www.silkfred.com
(
Site
). The Site is operated by or on behalf of SilkFred Limited (we, us and our). For the purposes of applicable data protection law (meaning the Data Protection Act 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation, including where and to the extent retained in the laws of England and Wales (the “GDPR”) and any legislation which implements any of them)  (the "Data Protection Laws"), the data controller is SilkFred Ltd, The Old Truman Brewery, 91 Brick Lane, London, E1 6QL.
We are committed to protecting your privacy on-line. This policy (together with our Online Terms of Supply  and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
By using the Site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the terms of this privacy policy and the use of personal data described.
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time by changing it on the Site. This privacy policy was last updated in November 2022.
When we refer to Brands in this privacy policy, we are referring to brands that advertise products for sale to customers via the Site.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following information about you:
Information you give us
information (such as your name, date of birth, email address, postal address and telephone number) that you provide by completing forms on the Site or sign up to our mailing list, including if you register as a user of the Site, upload or submit any material via the Site, request any information, or enter into any competition or promotion we may operate or sponsor;
in connection with an account sign-in facility, your log-in and password details;
details of any transactions made by you through the Site with us or Brands; credit and debit card information (where saved by you)
communications you send to us, for example to report a problem or to submit queries, concerns or comments regarding the Site or its content; and
information from surveys that we may, from time to time, run for research purposes, if you choose to respond to, or participate in, them.
You are under no obligation to provide any such information. However, if you should choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with certain services.
Information we collect about you
With regard to each of your visits to our Site we will automatically collect the following information by means of cookies and/or other similar technologies:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform or mobile device;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our Site (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service team.
See
Cookies and other technologies
for more information.
Information we receive from other sources
This is information we receive about you if you use another website we operate or other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data if we intend to share those data internally and combine it with data collected on this Site. We will also have told you for what purpose we will share and combine your data.
We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, and search information providers).
Cookies and other technologies
Our Site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. When you interact with the Site, we try to make that experience simple and meaningful. When you visit the Site, a web server sends a cookie or other similar technology to your computer or mobile device (as the case may be). Cookies are small pieces of information which are issued to your computer or mobile device (as the case may be) when you visit a website and which store and sometimes track information. A number of cookies we use last only for the duration of your web session and expire when you close your browser. Other cookies are used to remember you when you return to the Site and will last for longer. The cookies and/or other similar technologies we use collect information, such as the type of internet browser or mobile device you use, any website from which you have come to the Site, your IP address and/or the operating system of your computer or mobile device.
We use the following sorts of cookies and/or other similar technologies, such as tracking GIFs, web beacons and pixel codes, either alone or in combination with each other to create a unique device ID:
Strictly necessary cookies.
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Site and under our terms with you. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our Site, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies.
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Site when they are using it. This helps us for our legitimate purposes to improve the way our Site works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies.
These are used to recognise you when you return to our Site. This enables us, subject to your choices and preferences, to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies.
These cookies gather information about the pages on the Site that you visit, and also other information about other websites that you visit, so as to place you in a "market segment". This information is collected by reference to the IP address that you are using and/or your unique user ID, and includes information about the county and city you are in, together with the name of your internet service provider. This information is then used to place interest-based advertisements on the Site which it is believed will be relevant to your market segment. For more information about this type of interest based advertising, and about how to turn this feature off please visit
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/.
Some of the cookies used by the Site are set by us, and some are set by third parties who are delivering services on our behalf.
Our cookies
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the tables below:
SilkFred Cookies
Cookie
Name
Purpose
SilkFred Cookies
first_visit_triggered
Used to manage pop-ups
cookie_notice_dismissed
Ensures that the cookie notice des not reappear once our cookie notice has been dismissed
marketing_modal_shown
Allows to show the marketing signup modal just once
skip_holding
Enables users to skip a registration page
selected_products_sizes
is being used for:
https://www.silkfred.com/outlet
to know which sizes the user has selected to view outlet products to prevent the need to reselect when the page is refreshed.
Third Party Cookies
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More information
Facebook Cookies
Ad conversion tracking
https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
Klaviyo Cookie - TG
__kla_id__kla_viewed
This cookie enables us to track the products you engage with and purchase in order to provide marketing emails that are targeted at your individual interests
https://help.klaviyo.com/hc/en-us/articles/115005076767-Klaviyo-Web-Tracking
MailChimp - TG
MailChimp uses session cookies to help our website remember changes made as our users move from page to page. With secure sites like MailChimp, session cookies work to keep the user logged in so they aren't required to enter their credentials whenever they navigate to a new page. These cookies are deleted after the session ends.
https://kb.mailchimp.com/accounts/account-setup/how-mailchimp-uses-cookies
Google Analytics - AP
ga
Lives for 2 years - Used to distinguish users
https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
_gid
Lives for 24h - Used to distinguish users
_gat
Lives for 1 min - Used to throttle request rate.
AMP_TOKEN
Lives for 30 sec to 1 year - Contains a token that can be used to retrieve a Client ID from AMP Client ID service.
_gac_<property-id>
Lives for 30 sec to 1 year - Contains a token that can be used to retrieve a Client ID from AMP Client ID service.
__utma
Lives for 90 days - Contains campaign related information for the user. If you have linked your Google Analytics and AdWords accounts, AdWords website conversion tags will read this cookie unless you opt-out.
2 years from set/update. Used to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utma cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
__utmt
10 minutes. Used to throttle request rate.
__utmb
30 mins from set/update. Used to determine new sessions/visits. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utmb cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
__utmz
6 months from set/update. Stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached your site. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
__utmc
End of browser session. Not used in ga.js. Set for interoperability with urchin.js. Historically, this cookie operated in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to determine whether the user was in a new session/visit.
Attraqt Product View - FN
LMDATA
Not using an actual cookie, but local storage. However information is being sent back to the server, so this operates in a similar way to  a cookie.
Local storage has no expiry date
Data: user return yes/no, date of last & current visit, visit count, product.
N/A
LMSITEREFERRER
LMSID
LMUID
Privy - TG
privy_signedup_354929
Cookie enablers for Email Pop Ups
https://privy.com/features
_privy_B0E315D5ED6DAAC334F02229
_privy_match_session
_privy_a
_privy_b
ShareThis - TG
__unam
The "__unam" cookie is set as part of the ShareThis service and monitors "click-stream" activity, e.g. web pages viewed, navigation from page to page, time spent on each page etc. The Share. This service only personally identifies you if you have separately signed up with ShareThis for a ShareThis account and given them your consent.
http://www.sharethis.com/privacy/
__sharethis_cook
The browser cookie tracks the content viewed by the visitor and pages of websites which use ShareThis Publisher Applications. This might be a legacy cookie unless we still use the sharethis buttons on the blog? Not on the site anymore
Microsoft Bing Adds - FN
_uetsid
30 minutes. This is a cookie utilised by Microsoft Bing Ads and is a tracking cookie. It allows us to engage with a user that has previously visited our website.
Stripe - SN
__stripe_mid
Session cookies - Provides a unique session identifier for dashboard Users
https://stripe.com/cookies-policy/legal
__stripe_sid:
ZopIM (Zendesk) - SN
__zlcmid
These cookies are managed by ZopIM, who provide the technology behind our 'live chat' system. The __zlcmid cookie allows you to continue a chat with us as you view different pages on our site, or if you come back to the site later. If you choose to disable this service from the live chat window's options menu or the 'ON'/'OFF' switch above
https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/#cookie-policy
__zlcstore
ZD-buid
ZD-suid
Feathr - TG
f_id
1 year. Tracks individual page visits to distinguish between users.
https://help.feathr.co/getting-started/privacy/information-to-add-to-your-privacy-policy
cto_lwid
HTTP cookie. These cookies are used to support your experience on the site and include user-selected options, site navigation aids, etc. Generally, no personally identifiable data is collected with these types of cookies.
Except for SilkFred essential cookies, all cookies used on our Site will expire after two years.
Disabling cookies
Most web and mobile device browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set. You can also learn more about cookies by visiting
www.allaboutcookies.org
which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies using different types of browser or mobile device. Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies used on the Site, you may not be able to take full advantage of the Site.
The effect of disabling cookies depends on which cookies you disable, but in general the Site may not operate properly if cookies are switched off.  If you only disable third party cookies, you will not be prevented from making purchases on our Site.  If you disable all cookies, you will be unable to complete a purchase on our Site.
If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies.  How you can do this will depend on the browser you use.   Further details on how to disable cookies for the most popular browsers are set out below:
For Microsoft Internet Explorer:
Choose the menu "tools" then "Internet Options"
Click on the "privacy" tab
Select the setting the appropriate setting
For Google Chrome
Choose Settings> Advanced
Under "Privacy and security," click "Content settings".
Click "Cookies"
For Safari
Choose Preferences > Privacy
Click on "Remove all Website Data"
For Mozilla firefox
Choose the menu "tools" then "Options"
Click on the icon "privacy"
Find the menu “cookie” and select the relevant options
For Opera 6.0 and further
Choose the menu "Files" > "Preferences"
Privacy
Where you have not set your permissions, we may also separately prompt you regarding our use of cookies on the Site.
Uses of other similar technologies
How we use your information
Types of information
Legal basis
We do use tracking pixels in our emails, so we know when an email is opened, how long it is open for, and when it is deleted.
If you do not wish to allow us and third party organisations to use cookies within our emails, such as pixel tags, the best way to do this is not to enable images when you view our emails. In other words, only view the plain-text of the email. Some web browsers and email clients have settings or extensions available to disable / block such cookies such as Gmail.
Marketing
Automatically collected
Consent
Legitimate interests
Uses made of your information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us.
We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to allow Brands to fulfil orders that you place for products via the Site;
to verify and carry out financial transactions in relation to payments you make online;
to provide you with information about goods or services we feel may interest you, if you have signed up to receive marketing emails, or consented on the form on which we collect your data (the order form or registration form to create an account with the site) to receiving marketing material from us. This may include information about, for example, SilkFred,  Brands or styling, tips and advice;
to notify you about changes to our service or policies;
to ensure in our legitimate interests that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about you.
We will use this information for our legitimate interests to:
administer our Site under our terms and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, and data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
improve our Site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
keep our Site safe and secure;
measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Site about goods or services that may interest you or them, subject to your stated preferences where relevant. This may include personalised notifications if you use our app.
Information we receive from other sources.
We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
The provision of your personal data is a requirement necessary to enter into a contract with you if you have requested information and products from us. If you do not provide your personal data to us for this purpose, we may not be able to provide the information or the products you have requested.
Marketing Choices
You can tell us not to send you marketing emails regarding our products and services or those of Brands or third parties, either at the point such information is collected on the Site or, where you do not wish us to continue to use your information in this way, by following the unsubscribe instructions on any emails sent to you. You can also exercise the right at any time by
contacting us
(using the Contacting us details at the end of this privacy policy) or by changing your marketing communications preferences in our customer preference centre at any time.
Information sharing
You agree that we have the right to share your personal information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
The following third parties including:
business partners, sub-contractors, and suppliers, including Brands that you make purchases from on the Site for the performance of any contract we enter into with you. When we pass your personal data to Brands, they become a data controller of the copy of the personal data that they access.
advertising agencies and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others on our behalf.
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our Site and subject to the
cookie section
of this policy.
We may also share your personal data under the following circumstances:
In the event that we sell any part of our business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective buyer of such business or assets subject to the terms of this privacy policy.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of supply terms and other agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of SilkFred, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction and law enforcement purposes.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law and they may only use your data for the purposes we specify in our contract with them. We will always work with them to protect your privacy.
Public forums
The Site may, from time to time, make chat rooms, message boards, news groups and/or other public forums available to its users. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when using these and never disclose your personal information. We may store any messages you submit when using any public forum in order to administer the forum and to enhance your user experience. If you include any personal data in your messages, we will also store that personal data.
External links
The Site may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Payment processing
Payments made on the Site are made through our payment gateway providers, Stripe and/or PayPal. You will be providing credit or debit card information directly to Stripe and/or PayPal which operates a secure server to process payment details, encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorising payment. Information which you supply to Stripe and/or PayPal is not within our control and is subject to Stripe's and/or PayPal's own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
Security
We place great importance on the security of all personal information associated with our users. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control. For example, our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorised personnel have access to personal information. Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information will never occur, we use all reasonable efforts to prevent it.
You should bear in mind that submission of information over the internet is never entirely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of information you submit via the Site whilst it is in transit over the internet and any such submission is at your own risk.
It is advisable to close your browser when you have finished your user session to help ensure others do not access your personal information if you use a shared computer or a computer in a public place.
Storage of your information
Your personal information which we collect is sent to and stored on secure servers which are based in the UK and in Ireland, which is where your personal data will be located. Such storage is necessary in order to process the information. Personal information submitted may be transferred by us to our other offices and/or to the third parties mentioned in the circumstances described above (see
Information sharing
), which may be situated outside the UK or the European Economic Area (EEA) and may be processed by staff operating outside the UK or the EEA. Countries outside the UK or the EEA may not have laws which provide the same level of protection to your personal data as laws within the UK or the EEA.
Where personal data is transferred in relation to providing our services we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with Data Protection Laws and is subject to appropriate safeguards, such as relying on a recognised legal adequacy mechanism which may include entering into standard contractual clauses relevant to transfers of personal information, approved by the European Commission and the UK’s Information Commissioner.
Your rights
You have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us;
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us;
to request that we cease processing your data;
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example);
to request that your data be transferred to a third party;
to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, which is the Information Commissioner's Office in the UK (although we would always encourage you to come to us in the first instance).
Some of your rights set out above may be limited in some situations; for example, if we have a legal requirement or a compelling legitimate ground we may continue to process your data even where you request its deletion.
You can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at
privacy@silkfred.com
.
Contacting us
Please contact us at
privacy@silkfred.com
with any questions you have about this policy or data protection at SilkFred. You can submit any questions you have about an order you have placed, ordering in general, or any complaint or concern in relation to any product ordered by email to
hello@silkfred.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.sharethis.com/privacy/:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Storage Preferences
Marketing
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Privacy
To read our Privacy Policy in other languages please select below:
Francais
Español
Italiano
Português
Deutsche
日本語
Bahasa Indonesia
Melayu
Tagalog
हिन्दी
عربى
ShareThis is a division of
Predactiv, Inc.
, a data company. ShareThis takes privacy seriously. This Privacy Notice sets out what data we collect, how we collect it, why we process it, who we may share it with and, where the data we collect is personal data, your rights with respect to such personal data. ShareThis may change this Notice from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are up to date with any changes.
ShareThis is committed to processing information in accordance with applicable laws (including where applicable the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and as described in this Privacy Notice. For specific information about how ShareThis adheres to European, UK and Brazil data protection law and your rights as an EEA, UK, Swiss or Brazil data subject please click
here.
For information about how ShareThis adheres to applicable U.S. Privacy laws in States such as California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia, and Washington, please click
here
.
To access information for Publishers, please visit the Publisher Information page
here
.
To access Publisher Terms of Use, please click
here
.
Last Updated on: February 19, 2025
Opt-Out of Data Collection and Sharing
About ShareThis and Its Tools
ShareThis provides website operators (“Publishers”) with customizable social sharing tools, which makes sharing online content simple. Any user of a website can easily share anything on the web with their friends on social sites, such as Facebook, Twitter, Email, Digg, Reddit and more through using one of our tools on that website (“
ShareThis Icon
”).
ShareThis also collects pseudonymous data about internet users and how they interact with content, websites, and advertisements while online. Some of the data is collected via our tools such as the
ShareThis Icon
, and some is collected through third-party data providers via our parent company Predactiv. Certain data collected from each publisher related to the activity we observe on that publisher’s site is provided back to that Publisher. We also may license a larger data set (including the data collected via Predactiv) to advertisers, agencies, and other businesses (our “Customers”) to facilitate the delivery of relevant, targeted advertising and for a number of other reasons which are listed below.
We do this by using technology such as cookies and pixels (including the pixels and cookies of our customers) (“
ShareThis Publisher Applications
”) to gather information regarding the browsing and sharing activities of Internet users, both on websites that have the ShareThis Icon and similar tools installed on them. We also receive data from others who operate in the data analytics and advertising industries. We analyze and aggregate the data we collect to create groups of data (called audience segments) based on defined criteria.  For example, we segment into groups internet users who we believe have similar characteristics, interests, needs or behavioral patterns. Where we are able to infer that two or more browsers or devices are the same user or household, we may use that information to bolster our audience segments. We compile this data to provide analytics to our Publishers and license it to our Customers for a number of purposes as described below, including targeted advertising.
Targeted advertising has the aim of displaying advertising which is more likely to be of interest to internet users, based on analyses of their recent browsing and sharing activities and interactions with the website and adverts. It is also sometimes referred to as interest-based advertising or online behavioral advertising. For more information on this type of advertising,
click here
.
Contents
I. Data Collection and Use
II. The GDPR and Your Rights as a Swiss, EU, or UK Data Subject
III. The LGPD and Your Rights as a Brazil Data Subject
IV. The U.S. State Privacy Laws and Your Rights as a Data Subject
V. Data Sharing or Disclosure, Recipients of Your Data
VI. Commitments to Privacy Standards
VII. User Choices and Opt-out Rights
I.
Data Collection and Use
In order to offer our products and services, we collect and use data relating to the websites you visit to display personalized advertisements, provide analytics, and data modeling based on social sharing, by us or third parties. This data is pseudonymous personal data in that it may not be used directly by ShareThis to identify an actual person. This data does enable our systems to recognize your computer, device and/or browser over time. In many places, this pseudonymous data is considered personal data and/or personal information under applicable law.
We do not intentionally collect identifiable personal information such as your name, postal address, phone number, email address, credit card information, or anything else that can allow us or our customers to contact you directly as part of our products and services. We may collect identifiable personal information and even financial information such as payment or bank details if you are one of our Publishers or if you have a business relationship with ShareThis.
We have set out below the categories of data we process and why we process each category of data. Note: The categories of data we process under California law includes (a) Personal and Online Identifiers such as: IP address, mobile advertising IDs and similar pseudonymous UIDs and (b) Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement.
Usage Data and Profile Information
1.1 Usage Data
We collect information about how
Internet users
browse the Internet and interact with online content and advertisements through our ShareThis Icon, the ShareThis Publisher Applications and user interactions with advertisements on the Internet. We call this “Usage Data”.
Usage Data includes:
The unique IDs of the cookie(s) placed on your web browser (example: 37d387ca-f68a-11e5-b87d-0e58954c72b1) and/or a hashed version of an email address which help us recognize your browser or device over time.
Information about the user’s browser and device
User agent string
Webpages viewed (including the URL addresses of such pages and search parameters, which may include search terms and key words) and the previous web pages that referred the user to that webpage
Time when webpages are viewed
Search queries from which users are directed to a webpage
Navigation from page to page
Interactions with the webpage, including items clicked or selected and content highlighted or copied
Shares of content including what content is shared and where – for example, the relevant social media site (e.g., Twitter, Facebook)
Geographic information such as country, city, state, or postal code.
IP addresses
Device IDs
Although the Usage Data listed above is not used by ShareThis to directly identify an actual person, it is considered to be personal data in many places.
1.2 Profile Information
We receive information about the content of the websites that you visit and information about the audience of those websites to enable us to infer and create groups of users who have similar characteristics, interests, or behavioral patterns. We combine the Usage Data with data we receive from third party advertisers, analytics vendors and data partners to create categories of data that are helpful to advertisers seeking to deliver a more personalized advertising experience. For example, if a user regularly views or shares content about shopping for a car, our systems may infer that this user may be interested in purchasing an automobile.  This practice is sometimes referred to as interest-based advertising, and a segment titled “interested in automobile” is sometimes referred to as an audience segment or a “profile.” When we group this data into profiles, we refer to it as
“Profile Information”.
We can infer this Profile Information (by reference to browser identifiers, not actual names) using the information we obtain from third parties about the likely content and characteristics of the users and audiences of the websites which are visited. For example, visitors to a particular website may have an interest in cars while visitors to a different website may typically be within a certain age or income range. Where we are able to infer that two or more browsers or devices are the same user or household, we may use that information to bolster our Profile Information.
The characteristics by which we group users relate to age ranges, income ranges, education, gender, product or activity interests and family composition (e.g., how many children in the family), on the basis of information available about the typical audience of websites they visit and content viewed.
In certain cases where Publishers that we work with utilize the “Google Analytics By ShareThis WordPress” plug-in on their websites, ShareThis uses a Google Analytics feature currently known as Google Analytics Demographics, in order to better understand the audience demographics of those Publisher websites, and to provide insights about those demographics to the Publishers that own or operate those websites. To learn more about Google Analytics’ privacy practices, please click
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, please click
here
, or you may also visit the
NAI consumer choice page
.
In the U.S., ShareThis creates modeled segments based off of demographic attributes where those attributes are aligned with the target audience of products marketed by pharmaceutical drug companies.
ShareThis does not create Profile Information based on topics we believe to be sensitive under applicable law, or based on visits to adult entertainment websites.
1.3 How we obtain Usage Data and Profile Information
We collect Usage Data when your device visits our website, uses or interacts with our services (including sharing content with the ShareThis Icon), when your device visits Publishers’ websites that use ShareThis Publisher Applications, and when your device views or clicks advertisements that we serve or are served on our behalf. We do so by using cookies placed on your browser (to the extent that cookies are not-restricted by the browser), pixel tags, and HTTP headers (or other communication protocols) and the use of hashed email address. We may also use probabilistic IDs generated via the user agent string and IP address when cookies are restricted by the browser.
Our use of Cookies and other Tracking Technologies
Web Environment:
(desktop, tablet, and smartphone browsers)
ShareThis places cookies containing a UID on the browsers of visitors to websites that use ShareThis Publisher Applications. The ShareThis Publisher Applications also may enable cookies to be placed by ShareThis partners and our Customers to enable the synchronization of unique identifiers between ShareThis and our third-party partners and Customers.
Cookies:
Small text files that contain a string of characters and uniquely identify a browser. Many browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. However, you may be able to change your browser settings to refuse or otherwise restrict cookies. Check your browser’s “Help” files to learn more about handling cookies on your browser.
Below is a description of the cookies placed by ShareThis.
Cookie
Duration
Purpose
_stid
1 year
ShareThis cookie ID.
_stidv
10 years
ShareThis cookie ID version.
wordpress_test_cookie
Session
ShareThis cookie, tests if we have access to cookies.
pubconsent
13 months
ShareThis cookie set to indicate user has made a declaration about GDPR data collection for IAB TCF v1 format.
st_optout
10 years
ShareThis cookie set to indicate that user has opted out from data collection.
_ga
2 years
Google Analytics cookie used by ShareThis to distinguish users.
_gat
1 day
Google Analytics cookie used by ShareThis to distinguish users.
_gid
1 day
Google Analytics cookie used by ShareThis to distinguish users.
visopt_s
3 months
VWO cookie to see the number of times the browser was closed and reopened.
_vis_opt_test_cookie
Session
VWO session cookie to see if the cookies are enabled on the browser of the user or not. Helps in tracking the number of browser sessions of a visitor.
_vwo_uuid_v2
1 year
VWO cookie calculates unique traffic on a website.
intercom-id-fe2c9dmj
10 months
Intercom: Anonymous visitor identifier cookie for site visitors.
intercom-session-fe2c9dmj
7 months
Intercom: Identifier for each unique browser session. Session cookie is refreshed on each successful logged-in ping, extending it to 1 week from that moment. User can access their conversations and have data communicated on logged out pages for 1 week, as long as the session isn’t intentionally terminated with ‘Intercom (’shutdown’), which usually happens on logout.
pxcelBcnLcy
Sessions
ShareThis Tag Management System cookie to track latency on reporting beacon.
pxcelAcc3PC
1 day
ShareThis Tag Management System cookie to check whether third party cookies are accepted by the browser. This is only set if there is no incoming cookie in the request.
pxcelPage_c010
and/or
pxcelPage_c010_B
and/or
pxcelPage_c010_C
and/or
pxcelPage_c010_D
1 year
ShareThis Tag Management System cookie to track status of pixel rotation loading. ShareThis uses a different cookie for different groups of sites within the ShareThis network.
usprivacy
n/a
ShareThis reads if the usprivacy cookie is present in the publisher domain.
fpestid
13 months
Fpestid is a ShareThis cookie ID set in the domain of the website operator.
Pixel tags:
These are small blocks of code on a webpage which read and place cookies. When you visit a webpage, ShareThis’ pixel will see if your browser has a ShareThis cookie installed on it. If it doesn’t, the pixel will place the cookie. If the browser already has a ShareThis cookie, the pixel will “read” the cookie and will send us information such as the time you viewed a webpage, the type of browser used and your IP address. This is how we learn about your interests and enable our customers to deliver targeted advertising to you.
HTTP headers:
These are transmitted whenever a webpage is viewed, and contain technical information required to connect your browser to the webpage. This information may include information about the browser and the requested webpage. ShareThis collects this information.
Hashed emails:
Hashing an email is a cryptographic function. Hashing is a way of encrypting a piece of data, like an email address, into a hexadecimal string. By doing this, each email address becomes an unrecognizable jumble of numbers and letters. This technique doesn’t allow us to send you an email message or to identify who you are. However, it does allow us to recognize your browser or device in the same way that cookies help us to recognize your browser or device. ShareThis may obtain hashed emails from our advertising partners to help provide our products and services. We may also receive and hash emails you provide to our Publishers. For more information, and to better understand the choices available to you, please visit https://thenai.org/opt-out/ama-opt-out/.
Mobile Environments:
(Mobile applications)
To serve ads in mobile applications identifiers may be used, such as Google Advertising ID or Apple IDFA, depending on the operating system of your mobile device. The advertiser identifier does not identify you directly, but it enables advertisers and their technology partners to recognize your mobile device over time. Many of the mobile operating systems which provide these advertising IDs also provide the functionality to reset them and/or to record your opt-out choice. See your device manufacturer for more information or visit NAI Mobile opt-out page at
https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice/
.
Connected TV Environments:
(Mobile applications)
To serve ads onto TV streaming devices and smart TVs, pseudonymous advertising identifiers may be used. The advertiser identifier does not identify you directly, but it enables advertisers and their technology partners to recognize your smart TV and/or streaming device over time. Many streaming devices and smart TVs that provide these advertising IDs also provide the functionality to reset them and/or to record your opt-out choice. See your device manufacturer for more information or visit the NAI SmartTV opt-out page at https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/.
Linking Environments:
(browsers and mobile apps used)
To serve you personalized advertisements and provide a seamless online experience, third party data partners that we work with may link your identifiers on the different environments you use. We may enable the linking of our Usage Data through cookie syncing. We do not use plain text information that may be used by ShareThis to identify you such as your name or address to operate the linking. Our data partners may use exact linking methods by leveraging the pseudonymous data collected through our technology such as advertising partner identifiers.
Probabilistic IDs
: Some browsers may block or otherwise restrict our ability to place cookies in the ShareThis domain. When this occurs, ShareThis may use a combination of user agent and IP address to help us recognize a browser or device over time.
You can manage cookies, change consents, or opt out of personalized ads using the mechanisms described in ‘
User Choices’
.
1.4 How we use Usage Data and Profile Information
We use Usage Data and Profile Information internally for the following business purposes:
To enable our tools to function;
Pursuant to our relationship with Google Analytics Demographics, to enable demographic reporting features we provide to our Publishers;
To link browsers and devices that we infer might belong to the same household;
To enable us to sync unique identifiers;
To enable ST to manage the security of our Website, tools, networks, and systems.
To comply with applicable laws.
We may also use Usage Data and Profile Information and/or audience segments and license such information to our Customers for the following business purposes including (where not prohibited under applicable law):
To enable the delivery of targeted advertising
To conduct market research and analytics in order to find meaningful patterns in the data that enables ShareThis to draw insights into how web Users generally behave. This may have specific application to companies seeking to better understand the characteristics of their target customer. It also may help hedge funds attempting understanding macro investment trends.
For data modeling in order to draw inferences. For example, to create lookalike audiences models.
To create modeled segments based off of demographic attributes.
To enhance security features or reduce fraud, including ad fraud,
To enhance addressability features that enable a company to recognize the same browser, device and/or user over time.
Our Customers who we share your data with may use this information to generate their own Profile Information. They may independently gain other demographical information about you through their own cookies or web beacons and combine it with the data we provide to them. While we ask our customers to avoid merging data received from ShareThis with identifiable personal data such as a clear email address (i.e., in violation of the
NAI Code of Conduct
), the use of cookies and pixel tags by these third-party advertisers, publishers, and ad networks are subject to their own privacy policies.  Please refer to the ‘Recipients of Your Data’ section of this Privacy Notice for more information about who we disclose your data to.
Children
ShareThis does not intentionally collect data from children and does not tailor any Profile Information or otherwise license data to enable targeting of children under 18 years of age. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we may be processing data of children you are responsible for, please see the section on User Choices and Rights, or contact us directly.
Emails from Users with ShareThis Icon
When you share to email with the ShareThis Icon, you choose how to connect to email from your device. We will only know what content you shared, and that you did so by means of email. We do not receive any information about the email itself, for example, your email address, the email address of the recipient or the content of your email. We are not responsible for the information shared by users via the ShareThis Publisher Applications.
Account Information
“
Account Information
” means the information which
Publishers
and
representatives of Publishers
provide when they register for an account with us and when they use their account.
Many of our services can be used without registering with us. However if you are a Publisher, or represent a Publisher, and want to use some of our enhanced features, you will need to register with us.
If you choose to register with us, you must be and you affirm that you are 18 years of age or older.
We do not sell or share registration information with third parties for direct marketing purposes.
Business contacts data
We may process your personal data if you are or your employer has a business relationship with us. For example, if you’re a Customer, a prospective Customer, a vendor/supplier of ours, or a business partner, we may process your data. The personal data we hold about you refers to your professional life (name, email address, billing address, office address, phone numbers, title, company you work for). We would have collected that information from exchanging emails or business cards, meeting at industry meetings or client sessions etc. We may process that data for a number of legitimate business purposes, including: a) to communicate with you within the context of our business relationship; b) to provide our products or services; c) for billing and invoicing purposes; and d) for sales, marketing and product promotional purposes ((e.g., uploading emails into LinkedIn and similar platforms to advertise new services to current and prospective Customers).
This data may also be processed for the purposes set out in the section ‘
General purposes which apply to all data.’
Employee and Job Applicants’ data
If you are an employee of ShareThis, or you apply for a role with ShareThis, in the US or in Europe, please refer to our HR Policy for information about how we process your data. These can be obtained from our HR department at
HR@ShareThis.com
.
Data Collected on ShareThis.com
This section sets out how we process data of
visitors of our corporate website
(our “Website”, ShareThis.com), apart from any
‘Usage Data and Profile Information’
and the
‘Account Information’
which relates only to Publishers who register with us.
When you visit our Website, you may choose to provide information to us voluntarily if you interact with ShareThis.com in certain ways, such as by applying for employment with ShareThis, or using one of our contact forms. This information is used only for the reasons for which it was collected, such as responding to your communication, and it is not shared with third parties other than trusted service providers who are contractually required to only use such data to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect data automatically when you visit ShareThis.com and use that information to help administer the Website, to remember your preferences, to conduct website analytics and for security and fraud prevention purposes.
Where we enable third parties to collect pseudonymous information on ShareThis.com (e.g., using cookies and pixels), that information may be viewed as a sale of data by ShareThis under applicable in certain jurisdictions such as California. To address this, we provide you with a privacy notice when you visit the Website and the opportunity to opt-out of these third-party data collection practices on our Website. We encourage you to visit the applicable policies of those third parties or visit www.aboutads.info to learn more about interest-based advertising and to see your opt-out choices from other participating companies that may be collecting and using data on ShareThis.com.
General purposes which apply to all data
There are a number of “general” reasons that ShareThis may process data on our systems. Many of them are required by applicable law and/or to help us ensure that the Internet remains a safe space. Some of them enable us to promote and grow our business. If you’d like additional information, please email privacy@sharethis.com.
We may also process data for the following purposes: a) as required by applicable law; b) to cooperate with competent legal authorities such as data protection regulators, the police and the FBI; c) to enforce our terms and conditions, including by obtaining advice and conducting legal proceedings; d) to protect our operations, property and interests, and those of third parties; e) to sell and promote the sale of our business and/or assets.
Finally, ShareThis may transfer information to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change. If ShareThis is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your information.
II.
The GDPR and Your Rights as an EU, Swiss, or UK Data Subject
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to our processing of personal data. If you are located in Switzerland, The Swiss Federal Data Protection Act applies to our processing of personal data. If you are located in the United Kingdom, then the Data Protection Act 2018 applies to our processing of personal data. These laws each grant those located respectively in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK a set of clear privacy rights and imposes responsibilities on ShareThis as we process the personal data of data subjects located in those places. The ShareThis privacy policy outlines how and why ShareThis processes personal data. This section is designed to provide more information on how ShareThis adheres to the above data protection laws and your rights as a data subject. For purposes of this privacy policy, we’ll refer to the above data protection laws as “EEA Data Protection Laws” and data subjects located in the above places as “EEA Data Subjects.”
Definition of Personal Data
EEA Data Protection Laws define personal data broadly. As such, where Usage Data and/or Profile Information relates to an individual in the EEA, we treat it as personal data. Similarly, nearly all of the data collected from EEA Data Subjects in the context of our normal business operations is likely to be considered personal data. This includes: a) data collected via visits to ShareThis.com; b) data collected from Customers, Publishers and business partners; and c) data collected from employees and prospective employees.
Special Categories of Personal Data
ShareThis does not collect nor process any special categories of personal data with respect to EEA Data Subjects, and we do not create Profile Information of audience segments of such consumers based on special categories of personal data (i.e. data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health, or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation).
Legal Basis for Processing
EEA Data Protection Laws requires entities seeking to process personal data to have a valid legal basis for doing so. The legal basis utilized by ShareThis include: a) consent (our primary legal basis with respect to our Processing of Usage Data and Profile Information); b) legitimate interest (i.e., where we believe that our need to process the data and/or the value we deliver by processing such data is not outweighed by the rights of the data subject); c) where necessary for the performance of a contract; and d) where processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations. We will endeavor to outline our legal basis for the most common types of processing conducted by ShareThis. For example, we may process
TC Strings
for the purpose of ensuring and being able to demonstrate that Users have consented to or not objected to the processing of their personal data in connection with targeted ads.
Cookie and Similar Tracking Technologies
– We endeavor to obtain consent for our placement of cookies, pixels and similar tracking technologies as required under the ePrivacy Directive as implemented throughout the EEA. As ShareThis does not have direct relationships with Internet users in many cases, we ask Publishers and other partners to obtain a consent on our behalf as described below.  Where we directly place cookies (e.g., via ShareThis.com) we directly obtain the consent from data subjects we’ve identified as being from the EEA or other place where consent is required.
Usage Data and Profile Information
– We obtain a consent for our placement of cookies as described above, and ShareThis also processes Usage Data and Profile Information with consent.
Website Data
– We collect personal data via ShareThis.com. Where that data is provided to ShareThis (e.g., via completing an online form), we consider it either Account Data and/or data collected pursuant to a business relationship which are described below. Where we place cookies via the Website, we use consent. Where data is collected automatically (e.g., log files containing IP addresses), we process such data via our legitimate interest and in order to maintain the Website and help us to a better job of personalizing the Website to the interests of visitors.
Account Data and Business Relationships
– We require some Publishers to setup an Account with ShareThis. Similarly, we maintain accounts containing personal data with most of the vendors who provide services to ShareThis, our Customers, our employees, and our business partners. If you are an employee of one of those entities, ShareThis may have your personal data including your name, your work email, or your work telephone number. For data subjects located in the EEA, Switzerland, or UK, we process this data under the legal basis of contractual necessity. In other words, we need to process this data in order to honor the terms of the contract between ShareThis and the Publisher, Customer, vendor, Etc. This includes maintaining an account and login credentials, billing and payment purposes, communicating with the other party, and fulfilling requests. Where we are seeking to market additional products and services to these entities, we will do so via legitimate interest unless applicable law dictates that we use consent (e.g., for email marketing).
General Purposes
– There are a number of instances where ShareThis processes personal data which are distinct from the descriptions provided above. For example:
Legal and Regulatory Compliance – Like most companies, ShareThis will process data in order to comply with law, cooperate with requests from competent legal authorities such as the police, and to pay taxes. The legal basis for this type of processing is necessary for ShareThis to meet our legal and regulatory obligations.
Enforcement of legal obligations – To enforce our terms and conditions, protect of our intellectual property and/or the rights of third parties, ShareThis processes personal data in these instances via our legitimate interest. This may include obtaining advice and conducting legal proceedings.
Sell and Promote our Business – ShareThis may choose to conduct, evaluate and/or promote the sale of our business via our legitimate interest.
Aggregated Data
– Where we aggregate data and remove digital identifiers (e.g., cookie IDs), we may use this data for internal research, marketing, and statistical analysis purposes.
Data Controller
ShareThis is generally a Controller of data with respect to the data processed as described above. Where the EEA Data Protection Laws apply to Usage Data and Profile Information and we share this data with our Customers, our Customers are independent controllers in relation to their processing of such data and they process it in accordance with their own privacy policies. ShareThis is also the controller of the data it collects via ShareThis.com.
Data Processors
ShareThis also has a number of agents and service providers who operate as processors of data on ShareThis’ behalf. These agents and service providers are only able to use the data as specifically directed by ShareThis and only to provide the services requested by us. They are also contractually obligated to process the data securely and under confidentiality obligations.
EEA Data Subject Rights
Where the EEA Data Protection Laws apply, such data subjects have certain rights, including: a) The right to be informed about the types of data being processed and the legal basis for processing; b) the right to access and see the data being processed; c) the right of rectification, to make corrections to data subject to processing; d) the right to erase data; e) the right to restrict processing of data; f) the right of data portability; g) the right to object to the processing of data and f) the right not to be subject to automated decision-making. Some of these rights apply only in certain circumstances and depend on the legal basis relied upon to process the data. As an example, the right to object applies to processing which is carried out because it is necessary for our legitimate interests and only if we cannot demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which outweigh your rights, interests and freedoms. The same right does not apply to processing which is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations or to perform a contract with you. These rights may extend to the personal data we place into cookies or similar tracking technologies.
Where processing is based on your consent, in accordance with the GDPR, the Swiss Federal Data Protection Act, and UK Data Protection Act (as applicable), you may withdraw that consent at any time, although any processing previously carried out will still be legal. In order to exercise your data subjects’ rights or if you have any questions about these rights, you can write to us at
privacy@sharethis.com
. We will endeavor to respond to any requests to exercise your rights within one month from when they are made, although this period may be extended in some cases in which case we will inform you before the expiration of the one-month period.
You also have the right to submit complaints to the supervisory authority in your jurisdiction. A list of supervisory authorities in the EEA can be found here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
.
How ShareThis interacts with our Publishers on GDPR, Swiss, and UK Data Protection compliance
If you are in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, you may be familiar with websites asking you to consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies. If you are in the UK, you may see similar consent notices which pertain to the UK Data Protection Act. Where the ShareThis Applications are used to process personal data from data subjects in places where a notice and/or consent is required, our Publishers are required to notify you about the use of the ShareThis Applications, mention ShareThis as a third party who processes your personal data and ask you to consent to such processing as well as the placement of cookies.
Cross-border transfers of EEA, Swiss, and UK personal data
We generally process data in the United States. When we share data, we provide data to companies globally. In each case, we have safeguards in place which allow those transfers to happen in a way that ensures data is handled in accordance with the applicable law.
When we transfer personal data outside the EEA, Switzerland, or UK, unless the recipient or location to which the data is transferred has been approved by the appropriate authorities as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data, we put in place measures to ensure that the transfer complies with the applicable data protection law and that the personal data which is transferred is appropriately safeguarded.
When we enter into business relationships which involves the transfer of  personal data of EEA Data Subjects to the United States, we put in place reasonable transfer mechanisms such as the EU standard contractual clauses with the recipient. More information about international data transfers under the GDPR can be found at
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection_en
.  If requested, we may make available a copy of such safeguards, as required by EAA Data Protection Laws.
Data Protection Officer and Representative
ShareThis has appointed a data protection officer to supervise our personal data processing-related activities, and to respond to requests as required.  Our DPO can be contacted as follows: Vincent Potier (ShareThis DPO):
dpo@sharethis.com
ShareThis’ representative in the UK is: ShareThis UK Limited of 10 John Street, London WC1N 2EB, UK.
ShareThis’ representative in the EU is: Verasafe and they may be reached at representative@sharethis.com.
III.
The LGPD and Your Rights as a Brazil Data Subject
If you are located in Brazil, then the Brazilian General Law for the Protection of Personal Data (LGPD) applies to our processing of personal data. The LGPD grants those located Brazil a set of clear privacy rights and imposes responsibilities on ShareThis as we process the personal data of data subjects located in Brazil. The ShareThis privacy policy outlines how and why ShareThis processes personal data. This section is designed to provide more information on how ShareThis adheres to the LGPD and your rights as a data subject located in Brazil.
Definition of Personal Data
The LGPD defines personal data broadly. As such, where Usage Data and/or Profile Information relates to an individual in Brazil, we treat it as personal data. Similarly, nearly all of the data collected from EEA, Swiss, and UK data subjects in the context of our normal business operations is likely to be considered personal data. This includes: a) data collected via visits to ShareThis.com; b) data collected from Customers, Publishers and business partners; and c) data collected from employees and prospective employees, as applicable.
Special Categories of Personal Data
ShareThis does not collect nor process any special categories of personal data with respect to data subjects in Brazil.
Legal Basis for Processing
The LGPD entities seeking to process personal data to have a valid legal basis for doing so. The legal basis utilized by ShareThis include: a) consent; b) legitimate interest (i.e., where we believe that our need to process the data and/or the value we deliver by processing such data is not outweighed by the rights of the data subject); c) where necessary for the performance of a contract; and d) where processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Brazil and Data Subject Rights
Where the LGPD applies, such data subjects have certain rights, including: a) The right to be informed about the types of data being processed and the legal basis for processing; b) the right to access and see the data being processed; c) the right of rectification, to make corrections to data subject to processing; d) the right to erase data; e) the right to restrict processing of data; f) the right of data portability; g) the right to object to the processing of data and f) the right not to be subject to automated decision-making. Some of these rights apply only in certain circumstances and depend on the legal basis relied upon to process the data. If you are located in Brazil and have questions about how ShareThis implements these rights, please email us at privacy@sharethis.com.
IV.
The U.S. State Privacy Laws (e.g., CCPA) and Your Rights as a Data Subject
A number of U.S. states (e.g., California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, Oregon, Virginia, Utah and Texas) have enacted laws that may provide additional privacy protections for data subjects and users located into those states, including:
the right to see what data we have about you, your computer or device (i.e., the right to know),
the right to correct the data we have about you, your computer or device, or to port that data to a different provider (subject to limitations),
the right to delete the data we have about you, your computer or device (i.e., the right to delete), and
the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of data about you, your computer or device to certain third parties (i.e., the right to opt-out from sales or sharing of your information) and the right to opt-out of profiling and/or targeted ads.
These U.S. state laws define personal information broadly. And as such, almost all of the information we collect is considered personal information under these laws. U.S. data subjects may send an email to
privacy@sharethis.com
to exercise those rights of visit data subject access page. California data subjects may also call us on our toll free CCPA privacy hotline at 1-800-272-1765. Some U.S. states provide you with the right to further appeal our determination to a consumer protection agency located in that state. For example:
Colorado – The Colorado Attorney General’s Office.
Maryland – Maryland Attorney General Consumer Protection Division.
Nebraska – Nebraska Attorney General’s Office.
New Hampshire – Data Privacy Unit of the Consumer Protection and Antitrust Bureau of the New Hampshire Attorney General’s Office.
New Jersey –  Division of Consumer Affairs in the Department of Law and Public Safety of New Jersey.
Texas – For denied appeals, visit the Texas Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division.
Virginia – For denied appeals, visit the Virginia Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division.
We do not treat users that exercise any of the above rights differently or otherwise discriminate against users exercising privacy rights. However, we may not be able to honor a right if doing so would violate applicable law. ShareThis does not sell data collected via our Website or the data we use to operate our business. However, we transfer personal information collected via the ShareThis Publisher Applications to third parties and as such are considered to have sold data over the past twelve months under California law, including any of the Usage Data, Profile Information and/or audience segments.
We generally ask only for the minimum information necessary to help us process a subject access or deletion request and will keep information pertaining to your request for up to two years. If you are a customer of ShareThis with a login and password to the ShareThis platform, we ask that you first direct your request to the person or persons at your organization that administers the relationship with ShareThis. California data subjects may also call us on our toll free CCPA privacy hotline at 1-800-272-1765.
CCPA Metrics for 2023
Pursuant to CCPA Regulation 999.317(g), ShareThis informs you of the following metrics:
Total
Whole
Part
Denied
a. The number of CCPA requests to know that ShareThis received, complied with whole or part and denied in 2023
0
0
0
0
b. The number of CCPA requests to delete that ShareThis received, complied with whole or part and denied in 2023
17
17
0
0
c. The number of CCPA requests to opt-out that ShareThis received via our email form, complied with whole or part and denied in 2023
9
9
0
0
d. The median number of days within which ShareThis substantively responded to requests to know, requests to delete and requests to opt-out
Total
Requests to know
0
Requests to delete
27
Requests to opt-out
Real Time
Total
e. The number of opt-out requests we received via the ShareThis opt-out page or industry opt-out pages worldwide in 2023 all of which resulted in the real-time placement of an opt-out cookie by ShareThis as described in this privacy policy.
7,524,354
V.
Data Sharing or Disclosure, Recipients of Your Data
We sell and/or share Usage Data, Profile Information and/or audience segments with the following types of businesses, and with the exception of Publishers, we view each of the below as our Customers:
Publishers – We provide analytics tools for Publishers based on the data collected via the ShareThis tools.
Advertisers and Retailers – companies seeking to better understand their customers so as to more effectively serve those customer’s needs
Advertising Agencies – companies that purchase advertising on behalf of other companies.
Advertising Technology Companies – companies that enable the delivery of advertising, mostly via digital channels, including demand side platforms, supply side platforms, advertising exchanges and ad servers.
Marketing Technology Companies – companies that enable the delivery of marketing messages via channels such as email and SMS.
Data Companies – companies that process data into profiles that enable other companies to market and advertise more effectively.
Professional Services Companies – Companies that provide high level strategy and analytic services.
Security or Fraud Prevention Vendors – Companies that help ensure the security and reliability of their customer’s data or infrastructure.
Investment Firms – Financial services companies and investment firms seeking to better understand how consumers use the Internet.
We share this information for the purposes listed in the section
‘Data Collection and Use
.’
Where the GDPR or similar privacy or data protection laws applies to Usage Data and Profile Information and we share this data with our Customers, our Customers are independent controllers in relation to their processing of such data and they process it in accordance with their own privacy policies.
Customers may share the data which they process with other third parties who are not mentioned in this Privacy Notice, in accordance with their own privacy policies.   As an example, they may use third party service providers to display advertising or other content on their behalf.
Please review some of our Customer’s privacy policies for more information:
LiveRamp:
https://liveramp.com/privacy/
AppNexus:
https://www.appnexus.com/platform-privacy-policy
Eyeota :
https://www.eyeota.com/privacy-policy
Lotame:
https://www.lotame.com/about-lotame/privacy/
Nielsen:
https://www.nielsen.com/legal/privacy-principles/nielsen-marketing-cloud-services-privacy-statement/
Retargetly:
https://retargetly.com/privacy-policy
1plusX:
https://www.1plusx.com/privacy-policy/
AptivIO:
https://aptiv.io/privacy-policy
Dunn & Bradstreet:
https://www.dnb.com/ca-en/utility-pages/privacy-policy.html
2. Other third-party agents and service providers
We share the data described in this Privacy Notice trusted agents with data storage and processing facilities such as Amazon Web Services who are required under contract to only process data according to our written instructions and we require them to use data only for the purposes of providing services to us and to implement security controls and to maintain the confidentiality of that information. Here are the categories of service providers utilized by ShareThis:
Cloud data storage providers such as Amazon Web Services;
Customer billing systems providers;
Email service providers offering tools to send emails on our behalf;
Website analytics providers such as Google analytics;
Customer relationship management software providers;
Vendors assisting us with legally required audits;
Third-party computer programmers helping ensure our systems are operating properly;
Job ticket support vendors helping us record issues and debug; and
Security vendors.
3. Data Retention
We have defined retention policies for different types of personal data. We only retain data for as long as necessary for the purpose for which we process it and only as long as it remains relevant, unless we need to retain it because we are required to do so by law, to defend and exercise claims, or for regulatory reasons.
3.1 Usage Data, Profile Information and Data Collected via ShareThis.com
We retain Usage Data and Profile Information for up to 13 months from the date of collection for targeted advertising, and for up to 36 months for insights and analytics. We also retain data collected via ShareThis.com for up to 36 months for analytics and to ensure that our website functions properly.
We may aggregate and anonymize data so that it can no longer be linked to a device or individual, therefore it ceases to be personal data, and we may retain this data for longer periods.
3.2 Account Information
We retain Account Information for as long as you have an active account with us. If you have not logged into any of our services with your username and password for a period of 14 consecutive months, we may deem your account as being inactive and delete your Account Information. This could result in the loss of data you may have saved and we do not accept liability for such deletion.
You always have the option to cancel your account with us at any time. Simply sign into the site and click on the My Account at the top of the page. Click on Edit Profile and then select Deactivate Account and follow the instructions. You may also request to have your Account Information removed by submitting a request to
privacy@sharethis.com
.
4. Data Security
The security of your information is a high priority to ShareThis. We have implemented industry-standard security measures.
While no transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure, we strive to protect your data. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of ShareThis to unlawfully intercept or access transmissions of private communications. ShareThis cannot ensure or warrant the security of information you transmit to us.
VI.
Commitments to Privacy Standards
ShareThis promotes transparency and control for users as members of various self-regulatory programs. Some U.S. states provide you with the right to further appeal our determination to a consumer protection agency located in that state. For example:
Colorado – The Colorado Attorney General’s Office.
Maryland – Maryland Attorney General Consumer Protection Division.
Nebraska – Nebraska Attorney General’s Office.
New Hampshire – Data Privacy Unit of the Consumer Protection and Antitrust Bureau of the New Hampshire Attorney General’s Office.
New Jersey –  Division of Consumer Affairs in the Department of Law and Public Safety of New Jersey.
Texas – For denied appeals, visit the Texas Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division.
Virginia – For denied appeals, visit the Virginia Attorney General’s Office, Consumer Protection Division.
ShareThis is a member of the following self-regulatory programs:
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI):
ShareThis is a member in good standing with the NAI. The NAI offers an online
web opt-out platform
to allow consumers to express their choices and provides general information related to privacy and
Interest Based Advertising
.
The Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA):
ShareThis adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.  The
DAA opt-out platform
offers the consumer a choice page to opt out from advertising services, and general information related to privacy.
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA):
ShareThis adheres to the
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“EDAA”) principles
.  The
EDAA opt-out platform
offers consumers in the European Union a choice page to opt out from advertising services, and general information related to privacy.
VII.
User Choices and Opt-out Rights
If you do not want to receive advertisements based on Usage Data and Profile Information collected by ShareThis on your current browser, you can change and manage your preferences in relation to the collection and processing of Usage Data and Profile Information by clicking the ShareThis opt-out button available on this privacy policy. When data subjects opt-out, ShareThis will stop profiling, engaging in targeted advertising and/or selling or otherwise transferring data about their browser or device to third parties in accordance with applicable law.
If you do not want to receive ads based on Usage Data collected by ShareThis whatever device or browser used, you must opt-out from our services for each device and each internet web browser.
Opt-Out of Data Collection and Sharing
Click below to “Limit Ad-Tracking” function on mobile devices:
Instructions by Google for most Androids:
Google Play Help
Instructions by Apple for iOS version 6 and above:
Apple Support Center
Furthermore:
This process does not mean you will stop seeing advertisements, but that the advertisements you do see will not be influenced by the Usage Data collected and Profile Information used by ShareThis.
If you have any questions about your opt-out rights, you can write to us at
privacy@sharethis.com
.
Browser environment:
(desktop, tablet, and smartphone browsers)
When you change your consents or opt out, an opt-out cookie will be set on your browser. We must maintain the opt-out cookie on your browser in order to recognize you as having opted out from our service. The ShareThis opt-out cookie is like any other cookie; therefore, if you clear that cookie from your browser, use a different internet browser, or use a new computer to access the internet you must go through the process again.
You can also opt out by visiting the following links.
Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) Opt-Out Platform
Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Opt-Out Platform
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (“EDAA”) Opt-Out Platform
The
Ghostery browser extension
is also a good tool to see a list of all third-party cookies on each website you visit and allows you to selectively opt out.
Note:
The opt-out tools above are currently cookie-based i.e., they set a cookie on your browser which tells us that you have opted out. This means that the opt-out will only function if your browser is set to accept third party cookies. If your browser is set to automatically reject cookies or if you remove all cookies from your browser, the opt-out mechanism will not work since we would not see an opt-out cookie on your browser.
Also keep in mind that cookies are browser based, therefore if you change browsers, operating systems, or computers you would need to opt out again.
Mobile environment:
While the opt-out methods described above often work for mobile web browsing, they are cookie-based and are therefore less reliable in mobile “app” environments that may not accept interest-based advertising cookies.
Instead, you can typically opt out at the mobile platform level by the “limit ad tracking” function within the settings, as described below. Though we do not collect data from mobile apps for interest-based advertising, we or third parties we work with may use such data collected by others in delivering interest-based ads.
Most Android Users:
To use the “opt-out of interest-based advertising” option, follow the instructions provided by Google here:
Google Play Help
.
Please note that this is a device setting and will disable interest-based ads from all providers, and not just for ShareThis.
iOS users:
(version 6 and above)
To use the “Limit Ad-Tracking” option, follow the instructions provided by Apple here:
Apple Support Center
.
Please note that this is a device setting and will disable interest-based ads from all providers, and not just for ShareThis.
Do Not Track
/ Opt-out Preference Signals
:
You may also stop the collection of your Usage Data by using the do-not-track function, opt-out preference signals, or similar privacy controls of your browser. ShareThis recognizes these do-not-track signals from your browser. As required by law, or where we are able to ascertain that such signals are enacted by you and not set by default by your browser, we will consider them to be an indication that you have opted out.
Onward Transfer/Data Privacy Framework:
ShareThis is a division of Predactiv, Inc. As such, ShareThis is a U.S.-based covered entity of Predactiv and participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss U.S. DPF.  To read more about our compliance with DPF, please review Predactiv’s privacy policy
here
.
Contact Information
ShareThis, Inc.
3000 El Camino Real
Building 4, Suite 200
Palo Alto, CA 94306, USA
privacy@sharethis.com
We have appointed a data protection officer to supervise our personal data
processing-related activities, and to respond to requests as required. Our DPO can be contacted as follows:
Vincent Potier (ShareThis DPO): dpo@sharethis.com
ShareThis’ representative in the UK is: ShareThis UK Limited of 10 John Street, London
WC1N 2EB, UK
VeraSafe has been appointed as ShareThis’s representative in the European Union for data protection matters, pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union. If you are in the European Economic Area, VeraSafe can be contacted in addition to representative@sharethis.com, only on matters related to the processing of personal data. To make such an inquiry, please contact VeraSafe using this contact form: https://verasafe.com/public-resources/contact-data-protection-representative or via telephone at: +420 228 881 031.
Opt-out confirmed
Now, we can’t sell your data.
Close
Back to contents
EN
ES
DE
FR
IT
ZH-TW
PT
JA
Shares
Share
Tweet
Pin
Email
Share
Share
Sub-policy 1
https://help.feathr.co/getting-started/privacy/information-to-add-to-your-privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
Log in to Feathr
Feathr Homepage
Feathr Academy
Additional Resources
Submit a request
oops!
404
The page you were looking for doesn't exist
You may have mistyped the address or the page may have moved
Take me back to the home page