Privacy Policy
Last Updated on 7th April 2022
For the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use for this site, please visit our disclaimer page.
The following Privacy Policy applies to personal information we collect from our apps, and through other interactions with our customers.
Our Apps & Services Privacy Policy
Supersolid Ltd (
We
) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our
terms of service
and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
In general, we do not intentionally or knowingly collect any personal data from children. However, if a child under the age of 13 has provided personal data to us, we encourage the child's parent or guardian to contact us. You can request that we remove the personal data from our systems by contacting us at
datacontrol@supersolid.com
.
For the purpose of GDPR (the Act), the data controller is Supersolid Ltd of Suite 528, 10 Great Russell Street, London WC1B 3BQ.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
information that you provide by filling in forms on our app Super Penguins / Adventure Town / Pororo Penguin Run / Food Street / Home Street / Snake Rivals / Cook & Merge (
Our App
) or at a website (after following a link from Our App). This includes subscribing to our email newsletter(s);
information that you provide if you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by us;
information that you provide if you report a problem with Our App;
if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence;
the details you provide if you complete any surveys that we ask you to enter (although you do not have to respond to these requests);
information about how you use Our App as recorded and provided by our internal tools, third-party analytics and advertising services and any platform providers such as Apple, Google, Amazon and Facebook. This includes technical information such as your device specifications, device ID, device advertising identifiers, statistical data regarding your gameplay and content that is created and shared by you with other players;
other basic information such as your gender and birthday if you log into Our App with Facebook. We do not post on any social networks you log into with Our App unless you explicitly ask us to;
anonymised location data (country and city) as determined by third-party services using a truncated version of your IP address;
account IDs of any networks that you log into and associate with your game save. This includes Facebook, Game Center and Google Play. The account IDs are used in some of Our Apps to ensure that your game save is backed up and can be recovered should you change or lose your mobile device. We do not receive your password, credit card number or other financial information from these networks.
Supersolid uses ironSource and AppLovin to collect, process and/or use data related to showing in-game advertisements. ironSource’s privacy policy is available at:
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy
. AppLovin's privacy policy is available at:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (the
EEA
). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the in-app tracking and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted via Our App (or any website, to which Our App links, which is hosted by us or on our behalf); any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
to ensure that content from Our App is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you (where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes);
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
to understand how users use Our App;
to carry out re-engagement campaigns via advertising based on device advertising identifiers;
to notify you about changes to our service.
Marketing
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
If you are not an existing customer, we will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.
If you do not want us to use your data in this way, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data or contact us at support@supersolid.com.
We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, 500 users of iOS have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target (for example, users of iOS that use Our App for more than an hour each day). We may make use of the data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers’ wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
Your Rights
You have the following rights in relation to your information:
The right to obtain, at reasonable intervals and free of charge, confirmation as to what personal data about them are processed by Supersolid;
The right to object to processing of personal data about them for direct marketing purposes;
The right to have personal data about them rectified, blocked or deleted if the data are incorrect, incomplete, irrelevant, outdated or processed unlawfully;
The right to object to processing based on their particular situation;
The right to receive the personal data about them which they have provided to Supersolid in a structured and commonly used format and to transmit those data to another controller.
The right to erasure, you may contact us (
datacontrol@supersolid.com
) and request that we delete all personally identifiable data from your profile. We will comply with this within 30 days and confirm the action has been completed.
We reserve the right to refuse to act on a request or charge for handling the request if they become manifestly unfounded or excessive, particularly because of their repetitive nature.
You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us at
support@supersolid.com
. Alternatively you may contact us from the support page within our Apps.
Aside from third parties processing your data on our behalf (e.g. our hosting company) and as set out below, we will not supply your information to any third parties. Also, we will not contact you by telephone or post (except at your specific request).
Our App may, from time to time, contain links to the websites/apps of third parties or allow you to post to them. These include Twitter, Facebook and Apple’s Game Centre. If you follow a link to, or post to, any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own terms of use and privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these terms/policies. Please check these terms/policies before you submit any data to these websites/apps.
Data Retention Policy
We will continue to store personal data as long as is required for relevant business use cases. Typically this will be the life-span of our apps but may be longer – but not longer than 2 years after the app is no longer supported – in the case of device identifiers. The exception to this is if we are required to store data for legal purposes.
After this period of time we will securely delete or anonymise data.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
if Supersolid Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party (in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets);
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our
terms of service
or terms and conditions of supply or other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Supersolid Ltd, its staff, our customers, or others.
Our lawful basis for processing
Our legal basis for processing is as follows:
the processing is in our legitimate interests, subject to your interests and fundamental rights, and notably our legitimate interest in using applicable data to conduct and develop our business activities; or
you have consented to the processing.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified policy’s effective date.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to
datacontrol@supersolid.com
.
Your right to complain to a supervisory authority
If you do not agree with this privacy policy you can complain to the relevant supervisory body in your country of residence. In the UK this supervisory body is the ICO, contact information can be found on their
website
.