Published using Google Docs
Report abuse
Learn more
List Maker Privacy Policy
Updated automatically every 5 minutes
Privacy Policy
List Maker is a list management service developed by AP Studio, LLC (“AP Studio”). This policy describes the types of personal information AP Studio may collect and how we use it to provide the List Maker service.
By using List Maker, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information as described in this policy. You should know:
•    We collect limited account information and store and maintain your account and list contents on our secure servers.
•    We will never rent, sell or share information that personally identifies you for marketing purposes without your express permission.
•    You can update your account information and preferences at any time.
To comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, at this time List Maker is only available to users who are at least 13 years old. If you are under 13, please do not use the List Maker service.
What types of personal information do we collect and how do we use it?
Account information. When you register with List Maker, we will request some personal information, including your first and last name, email address, and password to create your account. Your password will be maintained on our system in an encrypted form.
List contents and usage.
The contents of your List Maker account are stored and maintained on List Maker in order to provide the service. Because we keep back-up copies of data for the purposes of recovery from errors or system failure, residual copies of list contents may remain on our systems for some time, even after you have deleted information or after the termination of your account. AP Studio employees do not access the content of any lists unless you specifically request them to do so (for example, if you are having technical difficulties accessing your account) or if required by law, to maintain our system, or to protect List Maker or the public.
We also may collect information about the use of your account, such as how much storage you are using, how often you log in and other information related to your registration and use of List Maker. Information displayed or clicked on in your List Maker account (including UI elements, links, and other information) is also recorded. We use this information internally to deliver the best possible service to you, such as improving the List Maker user interface.
List Maker will never sell, rent or share your personal information with any third parties for marketing purposes without your express permission.
How we may contact you.
AP Studio may send you information related to your List Maker account or List Maker services. Because we believe such information is important, you will not be given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving it.
Transfer of information.
Personal information collected by List Maker may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which AP Studio maintains facilities. By using List Maker, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event of a transfer of ownership of List Maker, such as acquisition by or merger with another company. In such an event, AP Studio will notify you before information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Updating your information.
You can change your List Maker account settings or logout of your account at any time in the "Profile" section of your account.
We hope you will enjoy using List Maker.