Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. An overview of data protection
General
The following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy found below.
Data collection on our website
Who is responsible for the data collection on this website?
The data collected on this website are processed by the website operator. The operator's contact details can be found in the website's required legal notice.
How do we collect your data?
Some data are collected when you provide it to us. This could, for example, be data you enter on a contact form.
Other data are collected automatically by our IT systems when you visit the website. These data are primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you are using or when you accessed the page. These data are collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.
What do we use your data for?
Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. Other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site.
What rights do you have regarding your data?
You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
Analytics and third-party tools
When visiting our website, statistical analyses may be made of your surfing behavior. This happens primarily using cookies and analytics. The analysis of your surfing behavior is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to identify you from this data. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Detailed information can be found in the following privacy policy.
You can object to this analysis. We will inform you below about how to exercise your options in this regard.
2. General information and mandatory information
Data protection
The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
If you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.
Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.
Notice concerning the party responsible for this website
The party responsible for processing data on this website is:
Parfumo Community
Christoph Polatzky
Albert-Schweitzer-Straße 9
09648 Mittweida
Telephone: +49 (0) 3727 97 999 35
Email: info@parfumo.de
The responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email addresses, etc.).
Revocation of your consent to the processing of your data
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
Right to data portability
You have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.
SSL or TLS encryption
This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon is displayed in your browser's address bar.
If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.
Information, blocking, deletion
As permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.
3. Data collection on our website
Cookies
Some of our web pages use cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies." They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device's memory until you delete them. These cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site.
You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use (such as the shopping cart) are stored pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f of DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
Server log files
The website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files". These are:
Browser type and browser version
Operating system used
Referrer URL
Host name of the accessing computer
Time of the server request
IP address
These data will not be combined with data from other sources.
The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.
Registration on this website
You can register on our website in order to access additional functions offered here. The input data will only be used for the purpose of using the respective site or service for which you have registered. The mandatory information requested during registration must be provided in full. Otherwise, we will reject your registration.
To inform you about important changes such as those within the scope of our site or technical changes, we will use the email address specified during registration.
We will process the data provided during registration only based on your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) DSGVO. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
We will continue to store the data collected during registration for as long as you remain registered on our website. Statutory retention periods remain unaffected.
Leaving comments on this website
If you use the comment function on this site, the time at which you created the comment and your email address will be stored along with your comment, as well as your username, unless you are posting anonymously.
Subscribing to the comment feed
As a user of this site, you can sign up to receive the comment feed after registering. Your email address will be checked with a confirmation email. You can unsubscribe from this function at any time by clicking the link in the emails. The data provided when you subscribed to the comments feed will then be deleted, but if you have submitted this data to us for other purposes or elsewhere (such as subscribing to a newsletter), it will be retained.
How long comments are stored
The comments and the associated data (e.g. IP address) are stored and remain on our website until the content commented upon has been completely deleted or the comments are required to be removed for legal reasons (slander, etc.).
Legal basis
The comments are stored based on your consent per Art. 6 (1) (a) DSGVO. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
Data transferred when signing up for services and digital content
We transmit personally identifiable data to third parties only to the extent required to fulfill the terms of your contract with us, for example, to banks entrusted to process your payments.
Your data will not be transmitted for any other purpose unless you have given your express permission to do so. Your data will not be disclosed to third parties for advertising purposes without your express consent.
The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.
4. Analytics and advertising
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
Google Analytics cookies are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising.
IP anonymization
We have activated the IP anonymization feature on this website. Your IP address will be shortened by Google within the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area prior to transmission to the United States. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services regarding website activity and Internet usage for the website operator. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with any other data held by Google.
Browser plugin
You can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, we wish to point out that doing so may mean you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use of the website (incl. your IP address) from being passed to Google, and the processing of these data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
Objecting to the collection of data
You can prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from being collected on future visits to this site:
Disable Google Analytics
.
For more information about how Google Analytics handles user data, see Google's privacy policy:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
.
Outsourced data processing
We have entered into an agreement with Google for the outsourcing of our data processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google Analytics.
Google AdSense
This website uses Google AdSense, a service for including advertisements from Google Inc. ("Google"). It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google AdSense uses so-called "cookies", which are text files stored in your computer that enable an analysis of the way you use the website. Google AdSense also uses so-called web beacons (invisible graphics). Through these web beacons, information such as the visitor traffic on these pages can be evaluated.
The information generated by cookies and web beacons relating to your use of this website (including your IP address), and delivery of advertising formats, is transmitted to a Google server in the US and stored there. This information can be passed on from Google to contracting parties of Google. However, Google will not merge your IP address with other data you have stored.
AdSense cookies are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising.
You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly. Please be aware that in this case, you may not be able to make full use of all the features of this website. By using this website, you agree to the processing of data relating to you and collected by Google as described and for the purposes set out above.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use "Google reCAPTCHA" (hereinafter "reCAPTCHA") on our websites. This service is provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google").
reCAPTCHA is used to check whether the data entered on our website (such as on a contact form) has been entered by a human or by an automated program. To do this, reCAPTCHA analyzes the behavior of the website visitor based on various characteristics. This analysis starts automatically as soon as the website visitor enters the website. For the analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates various information (e.g. IP address, how long the visitor has been on the website, or mouse movements made by the user). The data collected during the analysis will be forwarded to Google.
The reCAPTCHA analyses take place completely in the background. Website visitors are not advised that such an analysis is taking place.
Data processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in protecting its site from abusive automated crawling and spam.
For more information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy, please visit the following links:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/
and
https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/android.html
.
5. Plugins and tools
YouTube
Our website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The operator of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. Here the YouTube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited.
If you're logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
YouTube is used to help make our website appealing. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of YouTube under
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy
.
7. CloudFlare
This website uses CloudFlare as the CDN ("Content Delivery Network") to secure the website and optimize loading times. All queries will therefore necessarily be directed through the CloudFlare Server and aggregated into non-deactivatable statistics. According to CloudFlare, the raw data collected there are generally deleted again within 4 hours, or at the latest after 3 days. Information about the data collected there and about security and privacy at CloudFlare can be found at: https://www.cloudflare.com/security-policy/.
7. Online marketing and affiliate programs
Amazon affiliate program
The site operators participating in the Amazon EU partner program. Our pages contain advertisements and links to the sites run by amazon.de through which we can earn referral fees. Amazon uses cookies to trace the origin of the orders. As a result, Amazon can detect that you clicked the affiliate link on our website.
The storage of Amazon cookies is based on Art. 6 (f) DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in this service since it only receives credit for referral fees if these cookies are set.
To obtain more information about how Amazon uses your data, see the Amazon privacy policy at
https://www.amazon.de/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=footer_privacy?ie=UTF8&nodeId=3312401
.
eBay Partner Network
The site operators participating in the eBay Partner Network. Our pages contain advertisements and links to the sites run by the eBay Partner Network through which we can earn referral fees. eBay Partner Network uses cookies to trace the origin of the orders. As a result, eBay Partner Network can detect that you clicked the affiliate link on our website.
The storage of eBay Partner Network cookies is based on Art. 6 (f) DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in this service since it only receives credit for referral fees if these cookies are set.
To obtain more information about how eBay Partner Network uses your data, see the eBay Partner Network privacy policy at
https://partnernetwork.ebay.com/legal?_ga=2.209609105.266450909.1526988720-1027171758.1508784141
.
CJ Affiliate partner program
The site operators participating in the CJ Affiliate partner program. Our pages contain advertisements and links to the sites run by the CJ Affiliate partner program through which we can earn referral fees. CJ Affiliate partner program uses cookies to trace the origin of the orders. As a result, CJ Affiliate partner program can detect that you clicked the affiliate link on our website.
The storage of CJ Affiliate partner program cookies is based on Art. 6 (f) DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in this service since it only receives credit for referral fees if these cookies are set.
To obtain more information about how CJ Affiliate partner program uses your data, see the CJ Affiliate partner program privacy policy at
https://www.conversantmedia.eu/legal/privacy-policy
.
7. Payment service providers
PayPal
Our website accepts payments via PayPal. The provider of this service is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l & Cie, S.C.A. (22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg.
If you select payment via PayPal, the payment data you provide will be supplied to PayPal based on Art. 6 (1) (a) (Consent) and Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO (Processing for contract purposes). You have the option to revoke your consent at any time with future effect. It does not affect the processing of data previously collected.
8. Webfonts
On website are used external fonts, Google Fonts. Google Fonts is a service of Google Inc. ("Google"). The integration of these Web Fonts is done by a server call, usually a Google server in the USA. This transfers to the server which of our pages you have visited. The IP address of the browser of the end device of the visitor to these pages is also stored by Google. You will find more detailed information in the Google data protection information, which you can view here:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
9. bunny.net
We have entered into a Data Processing Agreement (DPA) with BunnyWay, informacijske storitve d.o.o. ("bunny.net") in accordance with Article 28 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Under this agreement, bunny.net processes personal data exclusively under our instructions and for the purposes defined in the contract. These purposes include the processing of user data necessary for the provision, optimization, security, and troubleshooting of our services.
The data processed by bunny.net includes, but is not limited to:
Network connection data
IP addresses
User-Agent information
URL referrers
Personal data contained in uploaded files
bunny.net is committed to implementing all necessary technical and organizational measures to ensure the security of data processing. Additionally, bunny.net guarantees that subcontractors will only be engaged with prior notification and consent.
The deletion or transfer of data will occur upon request or upon termination of the service agreement. Older data may temporarily remain in backups. In all cases, data protection is maintained in compliance with GDPR requirements.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/:
Datenschutzerklärung & Nutzungsbedingungen
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy:

Sub-policy 2
https://www.amazon.de/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=footer_privacy?ie=UTF8&nodeId=3312401:
Suchen Sie etwas?
Tut uns leid.  Die eingegebene Webadresse ist keine funktionsfähige Seite auf unserer Website.
Klicken Sie hier, um zur Amazon-Startseite zurückzukehren.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.conversantmedia.eu/legal/privacy-policy:
close the form
If you have any questions about our services, need some help, or just want to chat, we're here for you. Simply fill out the form below, and one of our team members will reach out to you soon.
If you have questions regarding U.S. consumer data privacy,
click here
.
Contact Epsilon
P.O. Box 1478
Broomfield, CO 80038
Attn: Privacy
(866) 267-3861
privacy@epsilon.com
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Start new request
First Name
Last Name
Work Email
Select Country
United States
Title
Company
Questions or Comments (Optional)
true
I agree to receiving marketing communications from Epsilon and its affiliates, and agree to the processing of my personal data in accordance with and as described in the
Privacy Policy
. You may withdraw your consent at any time. For more details see our
Privacy Policy
or
update your Preferences
.
Submit
Announcing the next-generation retail media platform, Epsilon Retail Media.
Learn more
The state of retail media in 2023: New comprehensive report out now.
Learn more
Epsilon is named a Leader in The Forester Wave™: Loyalty Technology Solutions, Q1 2023.
Learn more
1
/
3
Close these announcements
Go to slide 1
Go to slide 2
Go to slide 3
Go to slide 4
Skip this section
Bringing person-first intelligence to retail media
Epsilon Retail Media
is the first retail media platform to couple AI and person-first identity. This smart decisioning creates better outcomes and stronger shopper loyalty.
See what's new
Say hello to the customers you’ve been missing.
Epsilon Digital
clients are discovering up to 3x more in-market customers across the open web, and they're driving more purchases and higher lifetime value than ever before.
Here's how to do it
Marketing built on proof, not promises™
As the leader in outcome-based marketing, with more than 50 years of experience, we partner with the world’s top brands, agencies and publishers to drive growth.
See how we do it
The industry leader in identity
Put real people at the heart of your marketing. Anticipate what each person wants—then personalize their customer journeys to achieve unmatched performance.
Learn more about Epsilon PeopleCloud
Epsilon named an industry leader in Customer Database and Engagement by Forrester
See the report
Award winner in Machine Learning/AI and Dynamic Content for campaigns with the NFL and Coach, fusing creativity, data and tech
See the award-winning Coach campaign
Award winner in the email marketing category, Adweek Reader’ Choice, Best of Tech Awards
read why they chose us
Award winner for being the industry’s top email service provider
Understand why we’re different
INSIGHTS
Blog Post
How Retail Media is Shaping the Future of Ad Measurement
Learn more
Blog Post
CTV is usurping linear TV’s crown
Learn more
Blog Post
Levelling Up Marketing: Why Gaming is the Next Frontier for Advertisers
Learn more
See more insights
CASE STUDIES
Explore the success stories that connect the dots between client challenges, our solutions and measurable outcomes.
Domino's Pizza | Restaurants
Learn more
COACH | Retail
Learn more
WALGREENS | Retail
Learn more
See all case studies
“Epsilon is helping our marketing and creative teams to embrace change, evolve our model, and execute many iterations of one email.”
Spokesperson, North America Marketing, Coach
See how Epsilon helped Coach strengthen customer connections