PRIVACY POLICY
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE RELATED TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE JIBJAB SERVICES. BY USING THE JIBJAB SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER DESCRIBED IN SECTION 17 BELOW.
The following Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") applies to your use of all websites, mobile applications, and other products and services owned, controlled, operated, or hosted (whether now or in the future) by
JibJab Catapult CA, Inc.
dba JibJab and/or its corporate affiliates, parents or subsidiaries (collectively referred to herein, solely for ease of reference as “JibJab”, “us” or “we”), including but not limited to JibJab.com, GifGab, and all related applications, services, tools, software, and functionalities (collectively the “JibJab Services”).
Last Updated: May 23, 2022
This Privacy Policy sets forth certain terms and conditions of the legal contract between you and JibJab with respect to your use of the JibJab Services, whether you are a Visitor, Free Account Holder, or Member. This Privacy Policy discloses what type of information is collected, the methods used to collect it, how JibJab utilizes the information to better serve all interested parties and the choices you have about the way your information is collected and used. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. The other integral parts of this agreement are our Terms of Service (
click here
), Terms of Sale (
click here
) and Legal Notices (
click here
), each of which is incorporated herein by this reference. All capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy shall be as defined in our Terms of Service (
click here
). Your use of the JibJab Services indicates that you have read, accepted and unconditionally agreed to JibJab's privacy practices as outlined in this Privacy Policy and any other applicable terms. At JibJab, we respect your right to privacy and we understand that you need to control the use of your personal information. This Privacy Policy details below the measures taken by JibJab to protect your privacy in connection with your use of the JibJab Services. However, you understand that the JibJab Services allow, among other things, users who are 16 or older to upload User Materials that may contain personal Content (e.g., photographs and information about themselves and others for whom they have the authority or permission to post photos and information) to be shared, sent, and/or posted, both in public forums and through private messaging.
ACCORDINGLY, BY SUBMITTING USER MATERIALS FOR PUBLIC POSTING THROUGH ANY OF THE JIBJAB SERVICES, YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY AND ALL PRIVACY EXPECTATIONS (INCLUDING THE PRIVACY EXPECTATIONS OF ANY OTHER INDIVIDUAL WHO APPEARS IN YOUR SUBMITTED CONTENT) WITH RESPECT TO JIBJAB’S USE OF SUCH CONTENT. IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO HAVE PERSONAL CONTENT VIEWABLE OR OTHERWISE ACCESSIBLE BY OTHERS, YOU SHOULD NOT SUBMIT USER MATERIALS OR ANY OTHER CONTENT TO OR THROUGH THE JIBJAB SERVICES.
JibJab is the data controller for your Personal Data (as defined below). JibJab is operated from and hosted on servers in the United States. If you are outside of the United States and access the JibJab Services or submit your Personal Data to us, please be advised that U.S. law may not offer the same privacy protections as the law of your jurisdiction. If you visit the JibJab Services or contact us from outside of the United States, please be advised that any information you provide to us or that we automatically collect will be transferred to the United States and processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
1. Information We Collect and Receive
1.1 Personal Data.
JibJab collects user submitted information including but not limited to name, email address, and age to authenticate users and to send notifications relating to the JibJab Services to those users. In order to enrich the user experience, JibJab may also collect other data either directly or via third-party sign-on services (e.g., Facebook Connect), including but not limited to: personal interests, location, IP address, language, gender, age, education, and occupation. User account information, including User Materials and names, may also be collected and displayed in order to enrich the user experience and facilitate user interaction through the JibJab Services and in email communications. JibJab may also utilize facial detection software (e.g., Apple's Vision Framework) to detect faces incorporated in User Materials to make the user's process of creating Collaborative Content easier. In addition, within the JibJab Services, we utilize technologies (such as “cookies”) to help us collect usage data and store member preferences. We may also collect or utilize tracking technologies of third parties to collect usage and device data (including but not limited to your Collaborative Content, pages viewed, session information, key events, device type, location, language, timestamp, platform, operating system, service provider, hardware type, and browser choice) ("
Usage Data
") about you through the JibJab Services and across third-party websites and services. For additional information regarding how we use these technologies, please see
Section 4 – “Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies”
below. Information collected or received by us, solely to the extent any such information can be used to identify an individual person and is considered individually identifiable information within the meaning of the Federal Trade Commission’s Online Privacy Protection Rule found at 16 CFR 312.2, is referred to in this Privacy Policy as “
Personal Data
.” Each user hereby agrees that all information you provide, including but not limited to age, shall be truthful and correct.
1.2 Non-Personal Data.
If Personal Data is anonymized, aggregated, or modified so that it can no longer reasonably identify a specific user, it is considered "Non-Personal Data" and JibJab may use and disclose such information for any business purpose.
2. How We Use Your Personal Data and Why We Collect It
Purpose: Categories of Personal Data
Registration and authentication: Your name, email address, and age.
Legitimate Interest - We require your name and email address to create your account. We may require your age to authenticate your registration. Apart from notifying friends about content you have created, your email address is not shared or publicly displayed within the JibJab Services. Your full name, to the extent collected and stored, is never directly revealed to other users unless authorized by you.
Communicate important messages: Your name and email address.
Legitimate Interest - We use your name and email address to communicate with you regarding your account, your purchases and/or other transactions with JibJab, changes in our Terms of Service, Terms of Sale, and/or Privacy Policy, and other matters relating to your account with JibJab. It also enables us to send you announcement emails about our new content, features, services, products, promotions, etc.
You may withdraw consent and opt-out of receiving announcement emails from us at any time by following the opt-out link contained in an announcement email you previously received or by logging into the "My Account" section of the JibJab Services where you have an account and changing your email preferences in the account settings.
Accept payments: Your payment information and address
Legitimate Interest - We use certain third-party payment processors to collect and process your payment information when you purchase products or services through the JibJab Services (please see Section 6 – “Service Providers” below for more information).
Security and monitoring: Your IP address
Legitimate Interest - We record your IP address for a number of purposes, including security and monitoring purposes, system administration and to report aggregate information to our business partners or to audit use of the JibJab Services.
Diagnose, troubleshoot, and improve the JibJab Services: Your Usage Data
Legitimate Interest - We collect information about your usage of the JibJab Services in order to fix bugs, improve the JibJab Services, and test and add new features.
Create Collaborative Content and personalize your experience: Your uploaded User Materials
Affirmative Consent - We incorporate your uploaded User Materials into JibJab Content to create Collaborative Content (as defined in our Terms of Service) such as Ecards and GIFs for you to view and share through the JibJab Services. In addition, we use your User Materials to personalize your experience on the JibJab Services.
Simplify the Creation of Collaborative Content: Your face data within your User Materials
Affirmative Consent - When you upload User Materials, we may utilize facial recognition software (such as Apple's Vision Framework) to identify faces within your User Materials and create personalized face images for you to incorporate into our JibJab Content. Additionally, we collect the coordinates of the mouth/jaw within the image of the identified face in order to automate the process of positioning the face image within Collaborative Content. We collect this face data solely to simplify the personalization of our Ecards and GIFs, and we do not store any face data once these face images have been created or share your face data with any third parties.
Share Content or invitations: Your email address and email addresses of friends and family
Affirmative Consent - We use your email address and the email address of your friend or family member when you choose to send Content or invitations to friends via the JibJab Services or third-party single sign-on services (e.g., Facebook Connect). We may store the email addresses that you provide so that JibJab can send notifications authorized by you and related reminders to such email addresses. JibJab does not sell these email addresses or use them to send any other communication besides those initiated by users and invitation reminders initiated by JibJab. Recipients of emails from JibJab may contact us to request the removal of their information from our database by clicking on the opt-out link at the bottom of our emails.
You may prevent JibJab messages from being sent to any email address you control by sending an email request to help@jibjab.com or by visiting and adjusting your email preferences in the "My Account" section of the JibJab Services. Please note that the email must come from the account you wish to block.
3. How We Share Your Information
3.1 Share Function.
We will share Personal Data, such as your name or User Materials, with third parties you designate when you utilize the “share” functionalities of the JibJab Services (email, text, Facebook Share, etc.).
3.2 Joint Offerings.
From time to time, JibJab and one or more of its partners may co-sponsor a promotion, sweepstake, or contest or may offer a co-branded product or service through the JibJab Services (each, a "
Joint Offering
"). Users may be asked to provide personal information such as name, email address, home address, etc. or to answer other questions to participate in a Joint Offering. This personal information may be shared by JibJab with its partners involved in such Joint Offering, and such partners may use the information for their own advertising and marketing purposes. Also, we may transfer personal information to certain ad partners that you have explicitly requested to receive information from. It will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the personal information and whose privacy statement will apply. All in all, we urge you to think carefully before disclosing any personal information or User Materials with JibJab that you deem private and to take the necessary measures to keep your information secure.
3.3 Other Disclosures.
Except as otherwise described in our Privacy Policy, JibJab will not disclose personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary: (1) to comply with applicable law or to respond to a subpoena, court order, search warrant, or other legal process received by JibJab, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of a third party; (3) to protect the safety of members of the public and our users; or (4) to respond to an emergency. JibJab reserves the right to transfer personal information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of a sale of JibJab or substantially all of JibJab’s assets to that successor in interest or of a merger between JibJab and such successor in interest. JibJab also reserves the right to disclose personal information as necessary to enable third-party service providers to support and maintain the operation of the JibJab Services (please see
Section 6 – “Service Providers”
below for more information), or to disclose personal information to other third parties performing services in connection with the operation of our business. You will be notified via e-mail of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information. For more information see
Section 14 - "Changes in Our Privacy Policy"
below.
4. Use of Cookies & Similar Tracking Technologies
4.1 Cookies.
JibJab uses cookies (including Flash cookies) to store user preferences, account status, and traffic origination and to record session information, for purposes including but not limited to (i) personalizing your experience on the JibJab Services and delivering targeted offers through the JibJab Services and third-party sites, including ensuring that users are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements and (ii) customizing newsletter, advertising, and Web page content based on browser type and user profile information. A “cookie” is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from an Internet server and stored in your computer. You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies (other than Flash cookies), delete cookies, or notify you when a cookie (other than a Flash cookie) is set - each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. However, you must enable cookies from JibJab to use most functions offered through the JibJab Services. Flash cookies (also known as “local shared objects” or “LSOs”) cannot be rejected, disabled, turned off, opted out, or deleted in the same way as regular cookies such as HTML cookies. Flash cookies may remain on your computer even after you have rejected, disabled, opted out, or deleted regular cookies. For information on how to manage and remove Flash cookies, please visit:
http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/…
http://epic.org/privacy/…
http://www.aboutcookies.org/…
http://www.macromedia.com/support/…/
Please note that third-party advertisers may set and use their own Flash cookies for user tracking purposes when serving and managing ads on the JibJab Services.
4.2 Web Beacons.
In addition, JibJab may use so-called “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “web bugs,” “clear GIFs,” etc. (collectively, “
Web Beacons
”) to collect information about your usage of the JibJab Services. These are small electronic images embedded in web content (including online ads) and email messages and are ordinarily not visible to users. Like cookies, Web Beacons enable us to track pages and content (including ads) accessed and viewed by users on the JibJab Services. Also, when we send HTML-formatted (as opposed to plain text) emails to our users, Web Beacons may be embedded in such emails to allow us to monitor readership levels so that we can identify aggregate trends and individual usage to provide our users with more relevant content or offers. Web beacons in emails may recognize specific activities, such as when an email was opened, how many times an email was forwarded, which links in the email were clicked on, etc. Web Beacons cannot be declined when delivered via a regular web page. However, Web Beacons can be refused when delivered via email. If you do not wish to receive our Web Beacons via email, you will need to disable HTML images or refuse HTML (select Text only) emails via your email software.
4.3 Third-Party Analytics.
JibJab implements several Google Analytics features that support Display Advertising. You may opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings or by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. JibJab utilizes:
“Remarketing with Google Analytics”
to advertise online. In addition, third-party vendors, such as Google, show these ads on sites across the Internet and JibJab and third-party vendors use both first-party and third-party cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on user visits to the JibJab Services. “
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
”, which uses both first-party and third-party cookies to report how ad impressions, uses of ad services, and interactions with the ad impressions and ad services are related to user visits to the JibJab Services. “
Demographics and Interest Reporting
”, which collects data based on user demographics and interests, including but not limited to: age, gender, affinity category behavior, and other category behavior. Data collected from the Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting function is used to enrich the user experience and provide more relevant services and advertisements to users. JibJab may use other third-party analytics services to collect Personal Data, including but not limited to session information, key events, device type, location, language, timestamp, platform, and time zone. We use these services to collect and compare information about the user base and user visits, as well as to improve the JibJab Services.
4.4 Third-Party Advertisers.
Please note that JibJab may allow thirty-party advertisers (including those that are serving their own ads through the JibJab Services, as well as those so-called “network advertisers” or “ad networks” who are serving and managing ads for others) to set and use their own cookies (including Flash cookies) and/or Web Beacons on your computer when you use the JibJab Services. These cookies and Web Beacons allow third-party advertisers to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement and to compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. The information so compiled allows third-party advertisers to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. Use of cookies (including Flash cookies) and Web Beacons by third-party advertisers is governed by the privacy policies of those advertisers - not our Privacy Policy. Please note that JibJab has no control over what information is collected by third-party advertisers or how they may use the information. The privacy policies and data practices of such third-party advertisers may significantly differ from those of JibJab, and JibJab makes no representation or warranty whatsoever about third-party advertisers’ data policies and practices. We recommend that you read the privacy policies for the other third-party advertisers if you have any concerns about their use of your personal information or data collection on you. For more information regarding the data practices of some of these third-party advertisers and how to opt out of their use of your information, please visit:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/…
.
4.5 Third-Party Functionalities.
The JibJab Services also contain links to and/or enables certain third-party Internet functionalities to enhance your online experience, including, without limitation, social plug-ins, tools, and APIs. Prior to using any third-party functionalities (e.g., Facebook Connect) on the JibJab Services, you should consult the privacy notices of the third-party providers of such functionalities (e.g., Facebook). Once again, we have no control over what information is collected by such third parties or how they may use the information. The privacy policies and data practices of such third parties may significantly differ from ours, and we make no representation or warranty whatsoever about their data policies and practices. Your communications and interactions with such third parties are solely between you and them and are at your own risk.
In some cases, these third-party Internet functionalities may share your personal information (with your permission) with us. You are encouraged to consult the privacy notices of the third-party Internet functionalities to better understand what data is shared with us, and how consent to share that data is given. If at any time, you wish to know what data we’ve received from third-party Internet functionalities or to correct any Personal Data,  you may contact us at
help@jibjab.com
.
You may also request that we delete this data by contacting us at
help@jibjab.com
. We will do our best to honor these requests, but please be aware, as with all of your Personal Data, we may retain the data as permitted or required under applicable law, and as necessary to conduct audits, prevent fraud and abuse, improve the JibJab Services, comply with legal obligations, maintain security, enforce our Terms of Service, or for any other legitimate and lawful business purpose.
4.6 Information Regarding Your Video Viewing Activity.
We may also collect information about how you interact with live-streaming, cached and other video content offered through the JibJab Services. This information could be shared as set forth in this Privacy Policy or made public in a variety of ways. For example, if you are logged into the JibJab Services and watching a video, your user name or other information about you could publicly appear on the list of users who are viewing the video at any given time, or it could appear if you participate in any chat or other interactive features on the JibJab, or it and your video viewing activity could appear off the JibJab Services as a part of your social media accounts if you have a social media account and/or sign in to the JibJab Services using a social media plug in to log into your JibJab Services account. To the extent a user must consent in a signed writing under any specific law to such information collection and sharing activity, you are hereby deemed to have so consented and your agreement to this Privacy Policy in general also constitutes your signed consent to the foregoing.
5. Data Retention
JibJab may retain your Personal Data and Non-Personal Data as long as you continue to use and are registered through the JibJab Services. You may request that we delete your Personal Data and close your account at any time by emailing us at
help@jibjab.com
or through the “Delete My Personal Data” tool in the "My Account" section of the JibJab Services. However, we may retain your Personal Data for an additional period of time, as permitted or required under applicable law, to conduct audits, prevent fraud and abuse, improve the JibJab Services, comply with legal obligations, maintain security, enforce our Terms of Service, or for any other legitimate and lawful business purpose. In addition, after your account has been closed we will continue to retain your Non-Personal Data and any Personal Data that has been anonymized, aggregated, or modified so that it can no longer reasonably be used to identify you.
6. Service Providers
We rely on certain third-party services for the operation of the JibJab Services, such as credit card payment processing, order processing, fulfillment and shipment, data storage and security, etc. The security of your personal information is important to us. Please keep in mind that, to the extent a third-party service provider needs to access your information in order to perform services for us, we share your information with that provider. However, we do require that any third-party service providers limit their use of your information solely to providing services to us and that they maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of your information and not make unauthorized use or disclosure of the information. For example, if you purchase a physical product through the JibJab Services, we use a third-party vendor to pack and ship your order. Our fulfillment vendor will be given access to your full name and shipping address solely for the purpose of shipping your order. We require our fulfillment vendor not to retain, share, store, or use your information for any other purpose. As another example, we use Recurly, Inc. (“
Recurly
”) in certain instances to provide billing, membership management, and other payment related services. When you check out through any of the JibJab Services that utilize Recurly, you will be asked to enter your First Name, Last Name, Credit Card Information, Billing Address, and Shipping Address as necessary to complete your transaction. JibJab does not store any payment information in our database. Rather, we rely on Recurly, a PCI-DSS Level 1 compliant service merchant provider, to store all payment related data. For recurring payments, Recurly may utilize an "account updater" feature which updates your payment records automatically when there is a change to your chosen payment method on file, such as a change in address or a new account number on your credit card. Recurly is prohibited from using your Personal Data for any other purpose other than providing the above-described contracted services.
7. Third-Party Sites
The JibJab Services may contain links to third-party sites or applications. Unless expressly otherwise stated by JibJab, JibJab is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of linked third-party sites or applications. When you leave the JibJab Services and go to a third-party site or application, our Privacy Policy will no longer apply, and any information collected from or about you on the third-party site or application will be governed by the privacy policy of that third party. Third-party sites’ or applications’ privacy policies and data practices may be substantially different from those of JibJab. They may send their own cookies, web beacons, etc. to your computer or mobile device and may collect data about you and make use of the data in ways that we would not. You access such third-party sites or applications entirely at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a third-party site or application and use caution before disclosing any personal information. For example, some of the JibJab Services allow you to check out through PayPal. If you choose to use PayPal, your use of the PayPal service (including any personal information you submit to PayPal) is subject to and governed by PayPal’s privacy policy and not JibJab’s. Also, when you purchase any JibJab products or services from a third-party app store (e.g., Apple/iTunes), your purchase is with the third-party app store and not with JibJab, and accordingly, any personal information you submit to the third-party app store in connection with the purchase is subject to and governed by the privacy policy of the third-party app store and not JibJab’s.
8. Correcting, Updating, or Removing Information
You may access, modify, or remove any of your personal information (except for the email address linked to a user account) at any time by logging into your account and accessing the “My Account” section. To receive notifications on updates or changes to the JibJab Services, we ask that you keep your account updated with most relevant personal information (i.e. your current email address). If for any reason you are unable to correct inaccurate personal information, or suspect that your personal information is incorrect, you may request a correction
help@jibjab.com
. Please be aware however that any email request may require additional identity verification and authentication before we can assist you.
In addition, you should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons.
9. Email Choice/Opt-out
You may choose to no longer receive marketing emails (i.e. emails that contain ads, promotional offers, etc.) by managing your email preferences in the “My Account” section of any of the JibJab Services. All notification emails and JibJab newsletters include instructions for opting-out of those communications in the future. Additionally you may send us a message using our “Contact Us” page. Because customer lists often are prepared well in advance of an offering (sometimes a few months before the offer is made), you may continue to receive some offers after you send us a request not to use your information for specified marketing purposes. Please be aware that we will process your request as quickly as we reasonably can, but it may not be possible to update our systems immediately. We appreciate your patience and understanding in giving us time to carry out your request.
10. Security
JibJab aims to provide you with a secure customer experience. JibJab user accounts are secured by user-created passwords and, in some cases, third-party sign-on services (e.g., Facebook Connect). JibJab takes precautions to ensure that user account information is kept private. We use commercially reasonable measures to protect user information that is stored within our database, and we restrict access to user information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff. However, we do not guarantee that these efforts will completely protect user account information. No security measures are perfect or impenetrable and data transmission over the Internet cannot be guaranteed 100% secure. We cannot and do not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to JibJab and you do so at your own risk. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time. We will endeavor to notify users in the event that the security of their personal information is breached or compromised. By submitting personal information through any of the JibJab Services, you expressly consent to receiving our notification regarding any breach or compromise, or suspected breach or compromise, of the security of your personal information, by email or postal mail, as we deem appropriate and as required by law. For any additional information about the security measures we use on JibJab, please contact us at
help@jibjab.com
. We urge you to keep your username, password, and other account access information in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also, remember to sign off your account when you have finished using the JibJab Services. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or an internet cafe.
11. Your California Privacy Rights
Effective January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (known as the “Shine the Light” law) provides that, if an individual who is a California resident has provided his/her personal information to a business in connection with a business relationship that is primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, and if that business has within the immediately preceding calendar year disclosed such individual’s personal information to a third party and knows or should have known that such third party used the information for its own direct marketing purposes, then that business is obligated to disclose in writing to such individual upon request, what personal information was shared and with whom the information was shared. A business may comply with this law by: (1) having EITHER a published privacy policy of not sharing a customer’s personal information for third-party direct marketing use unless the customer has first affirmatively opted in to such sharing OR a published privacy policy of not sharing a customer’s personal information for third-party direct marketing use if the customer has opted out to prevent his/her personal information from being shared for third-party direct marketing use; AND (2) notifying the customer of his/her right to opt out and providing a cost-free means for the customer to exercise that right. California residents may request an information-sharing disclosure from us by emailing your request to
help@jibjab.com
or writing to us at JibJab, Attn: Privacy Dept., 106 1/2 Judge John Aiso St. #707, Los Angeles, CA 90012. Please note that, under the law, we are not required to respond to your request more than once in a calendar year, nor are we required to respond to any requests that are not sent to the above-designated email or mailing address. Do Not Track Disclosure: The JibJab Services do not currently respond to “Do Not Track” signals of Web browsers. However, should the industry establish uniform technological standards for recognizing and interpreting “Do Not Track” signals, JibJab would be open to following such industry standards. Effective January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”) provides that a California resident has certain rights relating to their Personal Data:
Right to Know What Personal Data We Collect:
We collect Personal Data only as detailed above in
Section 2 - "How We Use Your Personal Data"
.
Right to Know Who We Share Your Personal Data With
: We share Personal Data only as detailed above in
Section 3 - "How We Share Your Information"
.
Right to Request Information:
In addition, you have the right to request information about our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data over the past twelve months, including what information we have collected, the purpose behind such collection, what third parties we share such information with, and the business purpose behind such sharing of personal information. To request this information, or a copy of your Personal Data, please email us at
help@jibjab.com
. You may make this request twice per twelve-month period.
Right to Delete Your Personal Data:
If you wish for us to delete all or some of your Personal Data, please email us at
help@jibjab.com
or utilize the “Delete My Personal Data” tool in the "My Account" section of the JibJab Services. However, please note that some Personal Data (like your email address) is necessary to maintain an account through the JibJab Services. In addition, we may retain your Personal Data for an additional period of time, as permitted or required under applicable law, to conduct audits, prevent fraud and abuse, improve the JibJab Services, comply with legal obligations, maintain security, enforce our Terms of Service, or for any other legitimate and lawful business purpose.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Your Personal Data:
You have the right at any time to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Data by contacting us at
help@jibjab.com
with the subject line “California Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your email address. Once you have submitted an opt-out request, we will not ask you to reauthorize the sale of your Personal Data for at least 12 months.
DO NOT SELL: JibJab does not sell your Personal Data in exchange for money. However, we may collect, share, and disclose your Personal Data as detailed above, including through the use of cookies and Web Beacons to deliver targeted offers through the JibJab Services and third-party sites. Please email us at
help@jibjab.com
if you have any questions or concerns about how and when we collect and use your Personal Data.
12. Your General Data Protection Regulation Rights
Effective May 25, 2018, Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (“
General Data Protection Regulation
” or “
GDPR
”) provides that an individual located in the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA) has certain rights relating to their personal data:
Right to Delete Your Personal Data:
If you wish for us to delete all or some of your Personal Data, please email us at
help@jibjab.com
or utilize the “Delete My Personal Data” tool in the "My Account" section of the JibJab Services. However, please note that some Personal Data (like your email address) is necessary to maintain an account through the JibJab Services. In addition, we may retain your Personal Data for an additional period of time, as permitted or required under applicable law, to conduct audits, prevent fraud and abuse, improve the JibJab Services, comply with legal obligations, maintain security, enforce our Terms of Service, or for any other legitimate and lawful business purpose.
Right to Object to or Restrict Our Use of Your Personal Data:
If you wish to limit or restrict our use of your Personal Data, please email us at
help@jibjab.com
. However, please note that some Personal Data (like your email address) is necessary to maintain an account through the JibJab Services.
Right to Access, Change, or Modify Your Personal Data:
If you wish to confirm whether we are collecting and processing your Personal Data or access, change, or modify some or all of your Personal Data, you can go to the "My Account" section of the JibJab Services or email us at
help@jibjab.com
.
Right to Export Your Personal Data:
If you would like a copy of your Personal Data, please email us at
help@jibjab.com
to request an export file in a machine-readable format.
Right to Withdraw Consent:
If you wish to withdraw consent to certain Personal Data processing activities, please email us at
help@jibjab.com
. To opt out of receiving announcement emails from us, you can follow the opt-out link contained in an announcement email you previously received or log into the "My Account" section of the JibJab Services where you have an account and change your email preferences in the account settings.
Right to File a Complaint:
If you are located in the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA), you have the right to file a complaint with your local data protection authority.
Please email us at
help@jibjab.com
if you have any questions or concerns about how and when we collect and use your Personal Data.
13. Children’s Privacy
JibJab is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. The JibJab Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 16 without parental consent. Under no circumstances does JibJab require children under the age of 18 to provide us with any Personal Data. JibJab does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16. Users must be 16 or older to be eligible to register accounts on the JibJab Services.
14. Changes in Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is subject to change by JibJab from time to time. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, update, add to, discontinue, remove or otherwise change any portion of this Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at any time. If we make material changes (including material changes in the way we use or share user personal information, such as using information for purposes materially different from those disclosed in this Privacy Policy), we will post the changes on the JibJab Services affected by such changes and/or notify Free Account Holders and Members via email. Also, we may ask you to review and acknowledge or consent to the changes at the time of their next account log-in. By continuing to use the JibJab Services affected by such changes, you agree to be bound by the changes to this Privacy Policy. Please check our Privacy Policy regularly for updates to our policies and practices.
15. Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the data practices of any of the JibJab Services, or your dealings with any of the JibJab Services, please contact us via email at
help@jibjab.com
, or via mail at JibJab, ATTN: Privacy Dept., 106 1/2 Judge John Aiso St. #707, Los Angeles, CA 90012.
16. Choice of Law
This Privacy Policy, including all revisions and amendments thereto, is governed by the internal laws of the United States, State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict or choice of law principles which would require application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
17. Arbitration
By using the JibJab Services in any way, you unconditionally consent and agree that: (1) any claim, dispute, or controversy (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise) you may have against JibJab and/or its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and each of their respective members, officers, directors and employees (all such individuals and entities collectively referred to herein as the “JibJab Entities”) arising out of, relating to, or connected in any way with the JibJab Services or the determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate, will be resolved exclusively by final and binding arbitration administered by JAMS and conducted before a sole arbitrator in accordance with the rules of JAMS; (2) this arbitration agreement is made pursuant to a transaction involving interstate commerce, and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (“
FAA
”), 9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16; (3) the arbitration shall be held in Los Angeles, California; (4) the arbitrator’s decision shall be controlled by the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service and any of the other agreements referenced herein that the applicable user may have entered into in connection with the JibJab Services; (5) the arbitrator shall apply Delaware law consistent with the FAA and applicable statutes of limitations, and shall honor claims of privilege recognized at law; (6) there shall be no authority for any claims to be arbitrated on a class or representative basis, arbitration can decide only your and/or the applicable JibJab Entity’s individual claims; the arbitrator may not consolidate or join the claims of other persons or parties who may be similarly situated; (7) the arbitrator shall not have the power to award punitive damages against you or any JibJab Entity; (8) in the event that the administrative fees and deposits that must be paid to initiate arbitration against any JibJab Entity exceed $125 USD, and you are unable (or not required under the rules of JAMS) to pay any fees and deposits that exceed this amount, JibJab agrees to pay them and/or forward them on your behalf, subject to ultimate allocation by the arbitrator. In addition, if you are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, JibJab will pay as much of your filing and hearing fees in connection with the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive; and (9) with the exception of subpart (6) above, if any part of this arbitration provision is deemed to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, or otherwise conflicts with the rules of JibJab, then the balance of this arbitration provision shall remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with its terms as if the invalid, unenforceable, illegal or conflicting provision were not contained herein. If, however, subpart (6) is found to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, then the entirety of this Arbitration Provision shall be null and void, and neither you nor JibJab shall be entitled to arbitrate their dispute. For more information on JAMS and/or the rules of JAMS, visit their website at
www.jamsadr.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://epic.org/privacy/cookies/flash.html:
Sorry, the page you requested has moved or is no longer available.
Go home