Privacy Policy
USMLE-Rx conducts research on our Users' demographics, interests, and behavior based upon the information you provide us at registration, during a promotion, or from surveys, as well as information generated by or maintained in our server log files. We do this to better understand and serve our Users. Our research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis, and, occasionally, we share this aggregated data with advertisers or business partners. USMLE-Rx will not sell or trade your personal information to any list broker or direct mail advertisers.
However, we do reserve the right to sell, trade, or share your name and e-mail address to other companies, institutions, organizations, or web sites that provide content, products, or services to USMLE-Rx. You also agree that, in the event that USMLE-Rx is acquired by, merges with, or becomes aligned with another company or organization, such other company or organization shall be entitled to use your personal information under the terms of this Agreement. USMLE-Rx may sometimes permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration-based services through the Website. In this event, USMLE-Rx is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties, and you should check the applicable privacy policy and other terms and conditions of such parties before providing any personal information.
Accessing, Updating and Deleting Your Information
. If you have an account with us, you may have the ability to access your information and make updates to or delete your data. If not, you can contact us at
info@usmle-rx.com
to request access to, correction of, or deletion of personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or negatively affect the information’s accuracy.
USMLE-Rx may employ "Cookie" technology to keep track of a User's current session and to keep track of User information between visits. Cookies are small text files stored on your computer that a web site can use to recognize repeat Users and to facilitate each User's ongoing access to and use of a web site. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the User that has no meaning outside of the assigning site. You should be aware that USMLE-Rx cannot control the use of "Cookies" by advertisers or third parties hosting data for USMLE-Rx. In our continuing effort to protect the privacy interests of our Users, we encourage you to voice your privacy concerns. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at
info@usmle-rx.com
.