You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy informs you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users. This Privacy Policy applies to Big Frost Games' products, websites and related services, which we here collectively call the Service. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the primary access points to our games service which may be updated from time to time. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes.
Information Collection and Use:
Personally Identifiable Information
In the course of using our services, you may provide us with personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Information"). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name and email address. We use your Personal Information mainly to provide our services and administer your inquiries.
We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information) mainly to provide our games services, complete your transactions and administer your inquiries.
Data provided by you
This is data provided by you and generated for you when using our Service
Contact Information (such as but not limited to name, email address. etc)
Player Name
Player ID
Data collected automatically
This is data that is collected when using certain features in our service
Advertising ID
ADFA (Apple Identifier for advertisers)
Android ID
General Location Data
Data regarding your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players within the Service
Data collected by our partners
Data received by linking with a third party tool provided by a service (such as but not limited to Facebook, Google Play Game Service or Game Center).
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud
Data for platforms that the games run on (payment verification etc)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes
Why is this data collected?
The data collected helps us provide our service including
Create accounts that allow you to save your progress and use our applications
Operate the service
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Communication and correspondence
To improve our service for our players such as
Updates and improvements
Provide social services within our service
Customize our game experience
Better respond to issues and provide better support
Provide offers in the service, or by other websites, services and email
Share related information such as updates, alerts and support
Enable communication among other players
To display personalized advertisements within the game along with other websites and services by
Track content you access in the application and your online behaviour
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and our applications
We keep our Service safe and fair
In order to keep our services and their social features safe and fair, prevent fraud and ensure acceptable use, we have an interest in processing the necessary data to
Analyze and monitor the use of our service and social interactions
Moderate communications both automatically or manually
Take action against players committing fraud or abuse
Data Retention Policy Managing Your Data
All User Provided data will be retained as long as you are using our service and for a reasonable amount of time thereafter. Collected information will be retained for up to 24 months and it may be stored in aggregate after the duration. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Service, please contact us at
contact@bigfrostgames.com
. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for our Service to function properly.
Children
We do not knowingly collect,market or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.  If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, please contact us at
contact@bigfrostgames.com
. We will remove such information within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Service. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Your Consent
By using our Service, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/handheld device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy or our practices, please contact us via email at
contact@bigfrostgames.com
.