Privacy Centre – Transparency Notice
Last Updated : 06 December 2023
Sensely UK and
Your
Information
AskFirst (Ask NHS) is intended for non-emergency issues only. If you have a medical emergency, please dial 999 for the appropriate level of care.
Sensely UK is
based in the United Kingdom. We are a group company of Sensely Corporation,
which is based in the United States.
We are registered
with the Information Commissioner as a Data Controller and our registration
number is ZA194147.
Sensely are
permitted to collect, store, use and share this information under Data
Protection Legislation because, by reading and agreeing to this privacy policy
and clicking the button provided, you are providing your explicit consent
(reference: GDPR Article 6 (1) Consent, Article 9 (1) (a) Explicit Consent).
For certain
locations, the personal data you provide within the App is controlled by the GP
Practice as the Data Controller and Sensely UK will act on their instructions
regarding the purpose and manner of processing.
The locations
where the GP Practice is the Data Controller are;
GP Practices in NHS South East London ICB
GP Practices in NHS South West London ICB
GP Practices in NHS Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire and Berkshire West ICB
In these circumstances, the lawful basis for processing is defined by the GP practice and is likely to be because the processing is necessary for a public task and for medical purposes.
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted at:
ig@sensely.com
If you have any
questions or wish to make a request in relation to your information, please
contact our Data Protection Officer.
Please note that if you access our service using your NHS login details, the identity verification services are managed by NHS Digital.  NHS Digital is the controller for any personal information you provided to NHS Digital to get an NHS login account and verify your identity and uses that personal information solely for that single purpose. For this personal information, our role is a “processor” only and we must act under the instructions provided by NHS Digital (as the “controller”) when verifying your identity. To see NHS Digital’s Privacy Notice and Terms and Conditions, please click
here
. This restriction does not apply to the personal information you provide to us separately.
In order to provide you with the App services that you have signed up to, we must collect, use, store and share information about you, your health and the way that you have used the App. We do not transfer your personal data you outside of the UK unless you raise a technical / customer service issue via the support contact details. These transfers to other countries are necessary to fulfill our contract with you and will be held securely within our customer service software and personal data is periodically removed from the system.
How Does Sensely UK Collect my Information?
We will collect information about
you, either
Directly – when you enter information into the App or via the Sensely web interface (this might be available from your practice website)
Indirectly – when your GP links your App profile to your GP record, or when we link your profile to the NHS Spine (to match you to your NHS Number).
Automatically – when we collect technical information about your use of the App or video functionality
The information we collect will
be stored electronically. The information includes Personal Data
Basic details about you, such as your name, gender, email address, date of birth, NHS number, and GP system reference number as well as Sensitive Personal Data
Content of your symptom checker questions
Outcome of the symptom checker – for example, if you made a GP appointment
Readings and information from medical devices such as glucose meters, blood pressure monitors, pulse oximeters, pedometers, ECGs and other approved devices which you may use when using the App.
Answers to the questions that the virtual assistant asks you when you are requesting admin tasks such as a Fit / Sick Note or Vaccination Information
What Information is Collected During Video Calls?
Sensely
uses Vonage to provide video call functionality. This section explains what
information is collect by Vonage when you use the video call function.
Communications usage information.
This
includes information about your communications delivered via the Vonage
platform such as the time and duration of usage, source and destination
identifiers, completion status, location, IP address, and amount of usage.
Mobile device camera, microphone
. If
you use Vonage mobile apps, the software may request your permission to access
the camera, microphone on your mobile device, to make and receive voice and
video calls and messages.  You do not have to allow access these functions
of your device, but if you do not, certain features of the mobile apps may not
be available to you. You may at any time opt out from allowing this access via
the privacy settings on your device.
Sensely is permitted to collect, store, use and share this information under Data Protection Legislation because, by reading and agreeing to this privacy policy, you are providing your explicit consent (reference: GDPR Article 6 (1) Consent, Article 9 (1) (a) Explicit Consent).
Sensely has a contract in place with Vonage to ensure that they only use this information in a way that complies with data protection legislation.
Collection and Use of Phone Numbers
Sensely collect your phone number as part of our commitment to providing a comprehensive service. The primary purpose of collecting your phone number is to facilitate communication between you and your healthcare provider e.g. GP Practice, ensuring that you can be reached in case of appointment scheduling, test results, or other relevant medical matters. By providing your phone number, you consent to us using it for the following purposes:
– Appointment Reminders: The GP practice may use your phone number to send appointment reminders, notifications, and important updates related to your healthcare.
– Communication with Healthcare Providers: Your phone number may be used by your healthcare provider to discuss your medical condition, treatment options, and other healthcare-related matters.
– Follow-up Calls: After your appointment or treatment, the healthcare provider may use your phone number to follow up on your progress or to address any concerns you may have.
– Service Updates: We may occasionally use your phone number to send you important updates about our services, changes to our policies, or other information that may impact your healthcare experience.
We take the security and privacy of your personal information seriously. Your phone number will only be accessed by authorised personnel and will not be shared with third parties for marketing purposes without your explicit consent.
Opting Out: If you wish to opt out of specific uses of your phone number, please contact our privacy officer at privacy@sensely.com.
By using our services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the terms outlined in this Privacy Policy regarding the collection and use of your phone number.
Information for Data Subjects in the EU
Your submission
of your personal data to Sensely UK constitutes your explicit consent to allow
your personal data to be processed by Sensely UK in the United Kingdom. The UK
is not a member of the EU and GDPR does not directly apply. However, the UK has
worked to implement GDPR and Sensely UK has ensured that there are measures in
place to protect your personal data and reduce the risk for EU data subjects.
Please see,
How Does Sensely UK protect my information?
How Does Sensely UK Use my Information?
Sensely UK will use your
information for your care in the following ways;
To deliver the services of the App
To communicate with you about your use of the
App, new features and respond to your enquiries
To request feedback or send surveys to find out
if the App is working well for you and how you used it
To tailor the content and information that we
send or display, and personalise help and instructions to improve your
experience of the App
To better understand how users access and use
the App, both on an aggregated and individual basis, in order to improve the
App and respond to user desires and preferences
To link the data you provide to your NHS Number
to allow us to communicate with your health and social care team about your use
of the App
To undertake systems administration and provide
technical support for the App. This might include accessing your data in order
to ensure your requests via the App are being completed.
To audit the App, including access to the App,
to ensure safety and security
To undertake
these activities, your information will be shared internally across our teams.
We will work to ensure that only the right people have your information and
that they are only given the information they need.
How Else Does Sensely UK Use My Information?
Along with
activities related directly to your use of the App, we also use your
information to check that the App is safe and to provide data for the
improvement and planning of services.
This involves
using your information to improve Sensely UK’s products and quality assurance
purposes through:
Conducting quality assessment and clinical
safety reviews, to ensure that the signposting you received was safe and of
good quality (for example, was it appropriate that you were directed to self-care?)
Training and accreditation,
certification and licensing activities
Who Does Sensely UK Share My Information With?
Sensely UK works hard to ensure that only the right people have your information and that they are only given the information they need.
Your information will be shared internally across our teams such as our technical staff and administrative teams so that we can deliver the services described above
When you are directed to another health care provider, we will share your information with them so that they do not have to ask you questions you have already answered
When we share
information with another provider, they assume full responsibility for the
lawful and secure processing of your information. You have a right to object to
us sharing your information with sharing partners. Our Data Protection Officer
will be happy to discuss this with you.
Sensely UK works
with other companies to deliver some of our services including organisations
that enable or assist with the:
Provision of corporate data storage (
Amazon Web Services
)
Secure storage of App data (
RedCentric
)
Sending surveys and questionnaires (Type Form)
Email Provider (Gmail)
Provision of connectively and servers
Undertaking of audits
Undertaking of research
Personal data
will never be made available to organisations not involved in delivering the
App or providing your care without letting you know and giving you a chance to
object.
We have contracts
in place with these organisations that prevent them from using it in any way
other than how we instruct them to. These contracts also require them to
maintain good standards of security to ensure your confidentiality.
Will Sensely UK Share without Asking Me?
Sometimes we will
be required by law to share your information and will not always be able to
discuss this with you directly.
Examples include:
Sharing with the police or tax authorities for
the detection or prevention of crime
Where it is in the wider public interest – for
example, to keep the public safe
Safeguarding children or vulnerable adults
When the court has told us we must share
What are my Information Rights?
Data protection
law provides you with a number of rights that Sensely UK is committed to
supporting you with;
Right to Access
You have the right to obtain:
Confirmation that your information is being used, stored or shared by Sensely UK
A copy of information held about you. We will respond to your request within one month of receipt or we will tell you when it might take longer.
We are required
to validate your identity or the identity of someone making a request on your
behalf.
Right to Object or
Withdrawn Consent
We collect, use,
store and share your information because you have consented for us to do so,
but you have a right to object to us doing this, and you may withdraw your
consent at any time.
When you make
such a request, the data will be anonymised (anything that identifies you will
be removed) to ensure it is no longer personal data.
We will then only
use the anonymised data for technical, quality and business purposes. Our Data
Protection Officer will be happy to speak with you about any concerns you have.
Right to Correction
If information about you is
incorrect, you are entitled to request that we correct it.
There may be occasions, where we are required by law to maintain the
original information. Our Data Protection Officer will talk to you about this
and you may request that the information is not used during this time.
We will respond to your request within one month of receipt or we will tell you when it might take longer.
Restriction
When you are
making requests for correction or objecting to processing, you have a right to
request that we do not further share the information whilst we process your
request.
We will let you know once we are
no longer restricting the information.
Portability
You have a right to request that we send you a copy of the personal data
you have provided to us via the App. You may do this by emailing us to make a
request. You can also ask us to send the information directly to another
provider if you wish.
Complaints
You also have the
right to make complaints and request investigations into the way your
information is used. Please contact our Data Protection Officer or visit the
link below for more information.
For more detailed information on
your rights visit
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/
To make a request for any of the above, please email our Data Protection Officer at
ig@sensely.com
Does Sensely UK Use Profiling or Automated Decision Making?
No. Whilst the technology that Sensely UK uses includes the application of certain automatic rules to make decisions about what services might be appropriate for you based on your symptoms, the decision about how to proceed is made by you.
We will undertake
profiling in relation to your information. This means we may compile reports
that indicate the typical behaviour of particular App Users. This will be used
for the purposes identified under How Does Sensely UK Use My Information?
You have a right to object to this
and to find out the types of reports we are producing.
Our Data
Protection Officer will be happy to speak to you about this if you have
concerns or objections.
How Does Sensely UK Protect My Information?
Sensely UK is
committed to ensuring the security and confidentiality of your information.
There are a number of ways we do this, including:
Staff receive regular training about protecting and using personal data
Policies are in place for staff to follow and are regularly reviewed
We check that only the minimum amount of data is shared or accessed
We use controlled access to systems to help ensure that the right people are accessing data – people with a ‘need to know’
We use encrypted emails and storage which would make it difficult for someone to ‘intercept’ your information
We report and manage incidents to make sure we learn from them and improve
We put in place contracts that require providers and suppliers to protect your data as well
If we send information outside of the EEA, we have EU approved assurances in place to protect it
Unfortunately,
the transmission of information via the internet can never be completely
secure. Although we do our best to protect both your personal data and
sensitive personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data
transmitted to the App; any transmission is at your own risk.
How Long Does Sensely UK Store My Information?
Sensely UK will
retain / store your App Registration information and Symptom Checker
information until you withdraw consent.
Because AskFirst (Ask NHS) is an App you may not use every day, we will not delete the data because you have not used the App in a while. Please let us know if you no longer wish to have an account.
When you withdraw consent / close your account, the data will be anonymised (anything that identifies you will be removed) to ensure we are not holding information about you that we no longer need.
We will then only use the
anonymised data for technical, quality and business purposes.
Does Sensely UK Use My Information for Marketing?
Yes, but only
with your consent. As listed under How Does Sensely Use My Information? we will
use your contact details to email you about new features and updates in
relation to your App usage and request feedback or send surveys to find out if
the App is working well for you.
You can ask not
to be contacted in this way by using the unsubscribe link within the
notifications and email.
We use automated
third-party devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate
usage of the App and our website. We use these tools to help us improve our
services, performance and user experiences. These entities use cookies and
other tracking technologies to perform their services. We do not share your
personal information, such as your IP address with these third parties.
How does the App use my Information?
When you register with the App, your information will be shared with our partner organisations in the following ways:
Your name, date of birth, gender and postcode will be sent to our secure servers for storage
Your name, date of birth, gender and postcode will be sent to a spine-matching service who will match your details with your NHS Number and return to our secure servers
Your NHS Number will be sent securely to GP systems to link with your patient record number (the GP will not see this)
When you speak to the virtual assistant, your information will be shared with our partner organisations in the following ways:
You provide the virtual assistant with information about how you are feeling and your symptoms
This information is sent securely to our secure servers for storage
This information is sent to
advanced
to help us provide the correct signposting to services
Your symptom checker information will be shared with your GP, if you are directed to this service and provide your consent
When you make an online appointment with your GP through the App, your information will be shared with our partner organisations in the following ways:
You provide the virtual assistant with consent to share the results of your conversation
This information is then sent securely to the GP practice system and an appointment is made
When you request Administrative Tasks through ‘General Enquiry’ your information will be shared with our partner organisations in the following ways:
You provide virtual assistant with consent to share the results of your conversation
This information is then sent securely to the GP practice system and a return call or email will be placed
Data
Security and Privacy
Click
here
to see our internal policy for Data Security.
Click
here
to see an assessment of our core product and its impact on privacy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to our Data Protection Officer at
ig@sensely.com