Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Home
>
Terms & Conditions
MMBL Terms and Conditions for Mobile Account
شرائط و ضوابط
For the purpose of the terms and conditions (“Terms”) the word “Bank” or “MMBL” shall refer to Mobilink Microfinance Bank Limited, its successors-in-interest and assigns:
Terms following hereunder form the contract between the Branchless Banking Account holders (hereinafter referred to as “Customer”) and MMBL for opening and operation of Branchless Banking Account (“Account”) and utilization of all the branchless banking services through the channels (including but not limited to MMBL assigned Agents throughout the country, any MMBL Branch in the country, Mobile, Internet, ATM,) as may be provided by the Bank, from time to time (“Services”).
Customer is responsible for providing Bank with correct information and instructions when making payments to beneficiaries. Bank shall not be liable for any loss or damage occurring due to customer’s error, in making incorrect /unintended payments. The Account shall function as a current account with the exception that this Account can be accessed from any of the aforesaid channels.
No overdraft/credit facility is allowed unless the overdraft/credit limit is approved to Customer as per bank policy.
For the purpose of availing Accounts and Services, the Customer is required to be a GSM mobile user which must be registered in the name of the Customer as appearing on the CNIC. MMBL will in its sole discretion, advise from time to time the compatible devices, mobile operator and software.
Current limits of the branchless banking Accounts are as follows:
Account Level
Daily Credit
Daily Debit
Monthly Credit & Debit
Yearly Credit & Debit
Max Balance
Level 0
25,000
25,000
50,000
200,000
200,000
Level 1
50,000
50,000
200,000
1,200,000
1,200,000
Asaan Digital Account
400,000
400,000
1000,000
12,000,000
12,000,000
Level 2
750,000
750,000
1500,000
6,000,000
18,000,000
Above mentioned limits can be extended against the given level. You can call the Call Center to know the updated information for products and limits.
EFT
For the purpose of availing EFT Services, the Customer is required to be a GSM mobile user registered with Jazzcash which must be in the name of the Customer as appearing on the CNIC.
Current limits of the EFT services are as follows:
Account Level
Daily Debit
Monthly Debit
Yearly Debit
Level 0
25,000
50,000
200,000
Level 1
50,000
200,000
1,200,000
Asaan Digital Account
400,000
1000,000
12,000,000
Level 2
750,000
1500,000
6,000,000
* The limits mentioned above applies to the level of wallet regardless of whatever channel is used to transfer funds by the customer
The Customer would have to ensure that the telephone and mobile operator he/she uses meets the criteria required to open and operate the Account and Services.
MMBL may discontinue the Services at its sole discretion any time without assigning any reason.
Proper identification/KYC of the Customer will be required, at the time of opening the Account subject to the verification as per bank policy / procedures and /or instruction of regulatory authority.
Each Account shall possess a distinctive Account number (Mobile number), which shall be quoted in all correspondence with the Bank relating to the Account and Services.
The Customer irrevocably and unconditionally undertakes to ensure that the MPIN and other confidential information is kept confidential and to not let any unauthorized person have access to the mobile phone and the MPIN.
Bank is not liable, if anyone gets / has access to Customer’s MPIN and SIM with Bank’s registered account numbers and Customer fails to inform Bank. The transaction(s) done by impersonator will be considered legitimate and will be acted upon by the Bank. Bank accepts no liabilities and shall not be held liable for compensation against Customer’s loss.
Mobile / Cell number provided by Customer must be registered in Customer’s name appearing on the CNIC. Bank may take action to penalize Customer including account blocking / closure in case of providing any incorrect information.
The Customer shall take all necessary precautions to prevent unauthorized and illegal use of their Accounts.
The Customer’s registered phone/SIM shall only be used by the Customer and he/she shall take all necessary precautions and care to ensure that the same are not misplaced, lost or stolen. If Customer’s registered phone/SIM is lost or stolen, Customer shall immediately notify his/her mobile operator to block and prevent misuse of the phone/SIM. The Customer shall also promptly notify MMBL Customer Service to block access to his/her Account, failing which, the Bank shall not be held liable for any cost, charges, expenses, losses (direct, indirect or consequential), claims (including third party claims) or damages suffered or incurred by the Customer. The time at which the Bank receives instructions to block access to the Account will be determined and certified by the Bank and such determination shall be binding and conclusive on the Customer.
The Customer expressly agrees that the Bank is not liable for sending semiannual statement of account to the accountholders. However, Customer has an option to view at least the last five (05) transactions using BB channels (e.g. mobile phone) free of cost.
If the Customer believes that his/her Account has been accessed without his knowledge or consent, or that his/her MPIN has been fraudulently used, he/she shall contact MMBL immediately to block account.
Accounts have special deposit, withdrawal, balance, bill payment and transaction limits which shall be notified by the Bank to Customers from time to time.
Any transaction that could breach either the limits of crediting or debiting Account shall be rejected.
Only one Account will be opened per CNIC and mobile number. The Account limits shall be operated on CNIC basis and not on Account basis.
Minimum deposit amount and continuing balance requirements will be notified by the Bank from time to time. Any failure or omission to maintain such deposit or balance criteria may result in the levy of penalty as deemed fit by the Bank.
The Customer is responsible for the correctness of information supplied to MMBL for operation of Account. MMBL accepts no liability whatsoever for any consequences whether arising out of erroneous information supplied by the Customer or otherwise. If the Customer notices an error in the information supplied to MMBL either in the registration form or any other communication, he/she shall immediately advise MMBL in writing so as to allow MMBL to correct the error wherever possible on a “reasonable efforts” basis.
All instructions for operating the Accounts and availing Services shall be given by the Customer (“Customer Instructions”) in the manner prescribed by MMBL. The Customer is also responsible for the accuracy completeness and authenticity of the payment instructions provided to MMBL and/or its agents/service providers (hereinafter referred to as “Affiliates”) and the same shall be considered to be sufficient to operate the Accounts.
MMBL shall not be required to independently verify the Customer Instructions and shall be effective unless countermanded by further instructions from the Customer within reasonable time frame. MMBL shall have no liability whatsoever if it does not or is unable to stop or prevent the implementation of any Customer Instruction which is beyond banking limitation.
The Customer Instructions shall be affected only after authentication of the Customer in accordance with the prescribed procedure for Account.
All the records of MMBL generated by the Customer Instructions, including the time of the transaction and payments requested when availing Services and using the Account), recorded shall be conclusive proof of the genuineness and accuracy of the transaction and accompanying Customer Instructions.
When a Customer completes providing payment instructions and the same are received by MMBL, transaction shall be deemed to be fixed and finalized and Customer may not subsequently raise any objections with respect thereto. Once the Customer Instructions are received the transaction may not subsequently be changed or reversed in any way. MMBL may seek clarification on Customer Instructions as and when it deems fit.
MMBL may refuse to comply with the Customer Instructions without assigning any reason whatsoever and shall not be under any duty to assess the prudence or otherwise of any Customer Instruction and have the right to suspend the operations through standard process if it has reason to believe that the Customer Instructions will lead or expose to direct or indirect loss or may require indemnity from the Customer before continuing to operate Account.
The Customer undertakes and agrees not to use or permit the use of Account and Services for any illegal or improper purposes and shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations governing the Accounts.
For this, the Customer undertakes and represents that:
He/she has full right and/or authority to access and avail Account and Services obtained and the goods purchased through it.
He/she shall provide MMBL such information and/or assistance as is required by MMBL for the operation of the Account and performance of Services and/or any other obligations of MMBL under this Agreement.
He/she shall not at any time provide to any person, with any details of the Accounts held by him/her with MMBL including, the passwords, card numbers and MPIN which may be assigned to him/her by MMBL from time to time.
The Customer shall be held liable for any illegal funds transfer and money laundering done through his/her Account.
The risks associated with Account and Services and the liabilities and responsibilities accepted by Customer with respect to the same (and disclaimed by MMBL) include the following:
The Customer acknowledges that in case any third person obtains access to the Account or to account access information, he/she would be able to instruct fund transfers and provide Customer Instructions. In order to reduce such risk, the Customer shall ensure that the terms and conditions applicable to the use of MPIN are complied with at all times.
The electronic channel is susceptible to frauds, misuse, hacking and other actions that could affect payment instructions to the Bank. Whilst MMBL shall aim to provide security to prevent the same, there cannot be any guarantee from such frauds, hacking and other actions that could affect payment instructions to the Bank. Customer shall be solely responsible and MMBL shall not be liable for any loss (direct, indirect or consequential) if access is gained to Customer’s Account through forgery, wiretap MPIN, theft or divulgence of MPIN by Customer.
The technology for enabling the transfer of funds and other services offered by MMBL could be affected by issues relating to telecommunication network of mobile operator and/or MMBL or its subsidiaries and Affiliates. Account and Services may be interrupted/made unavailable by natural calamities, force majeure, legal and/or regulatory restraints, faults in the telecommunication network, network failure, or any other reason beyond the control of MMBL.
The Account could also be affected by virus or other malicious, destructive or corrupting code, program or macro.
The transaction for transfer of funds or payments to Affiliates as per Customer Instruction may not be completed as requested for various reasons, including, but not limited to those specified in paragraph immediately above. In all such cases, the Customer shall not hold the Bank responsible in any manner in the said transaction and contracts and the Customer’s sole recourse in this regard shall be with the beneficiary of the transaction.
While MMBL and the Affiliates shall endeavor to carry out the Customer Instructions promptly, they shall not be responsible for any delay in carrying on the Customer Instructions for any reason whatsoever, including failure of operational systems.
Bank shall not be liable if observe due diligence in good faith for any damages whatsoever whether such damages are direct, indirect, incidental, consequential and irrespective of whether any claim is based on loss of revenue, interruption of business or any loss of any character or nature whatsoever and whether sustained by the Customer, Supplementary User or by any other person.
Illegal or improper use of the Account shall render the Customer liable for payment of financial charges as determined by MMBL and/or result in partial or complete suspension of the Account. Any penalties levied by any regulatory authority with regard to the Customer’s use of Account shall be purely to the Customer’s sole Account.
MMBL shall under no circumstances whatsoever be held responsible or liable by the Customer for any delay in delivery of the electronic statements and/or Alerts, nor the inaccuracy of the information contained in such electronic statements and Alerts. MMBL shall not be liable for its inability to deliver the Alerts altogether. Also, it is being clarified and understood that electronic statements will only be issued to the Customer upon his/her specific written request.
The Customer irrevocably and unconditionally authorizes MMBL to access all his/her Account for effecting banking or other transactions performed by the Customer through the Accounts and Services. The right to access shall also include the right at MMBL’s sole discretion to consolidate or merge any or all accounts of the Customer with MMBL and the right to set off any amounts owed to MMBL without prior notice.
Any and all Branchless Banking products are sold by Affiliates and Bank shall only act as a payment facilitator. These transactions shall be effected by debiting the Account with the purchase amount plus any fee charged and crediting Affiliate account with the purchase amount.
MMBL, in compliance with laws and regulations may intercept and investigate any payment messages and other information or communications sent to or by the Customer or on the Customer’s behalf via other bank and this process may involve making further enquiries and stoppage of transaction.
The Bank would be within its right to make investment of credit balance deposits in any manner in its sole discretion and to make use of funds to the best of its judgment in the banking business.
The Customer hereby agrees to bear the charges as may be stipulated by MMBL (and notified to the Customer) from time to time for availing Account and Services.
Bank may amend charges from time to time in accordance with Schedule of Charges as per the Branchless Banking Guidelines and will be clearly identified and displayed for customers.
Bank shall not be held responsible for any service issues if the same occur to Customer’s having mobile numbers with MNP (Mobile Network Portability).
The Customer hereby authorizes MMBL to recover any service charges by debiting the Account of the Customer or by sending a bill to the Customer who will be liable to make the payment within the specified period. Failure to do so shall result in recovery of the service charge by MMBL in a manner as MMBL may deem fit along with such markup/interest, if any, and/or withdrawal of funds from Account without any liability to MMBL.
The Bank reserves the right without prior notice to the Customer to debit the Account for any expenses, fees, commission, markup/interest, Zakat, withholding tax, stamp duty, tax, duty, or any other cost, charges or expenses arising out of any transactions or operation of the Account with the Bank as may be payable to the Provincial or Federal Government as may be levied, from time to time. All applicable taxes shall be recovered as per tax laws in force.
MMBL and the Customer agree that if the Customer opens further accounts with MMBL and/or subscribes to any of the products/services of MMBL or any of the Affiliates, and MMBL extends the Services to such accounts, products or services and the Customer opts for use thereof, then these Terms shall automatically apply to such further use of Account and Services by the Customer.
The Customer agrees that MMBL and/or Affiliates or their contractors may hold and process his personal information and all other information concerning his Account on computer or otherwise in connection with Account and Services as well as for analysis, credit scoring and marketing.
The Customer also agrees that MMBL may disclose, in strict confidence, to other institutions, such personal information as may be reasonably necessary for reasons inclusive of but not limited to participation in any telecommunication or electronic clearing network, for credit rating, for audit, provision of services by any third party collection and fraud prevention purposes.
The Bank is authorized to make such disclosures in respect of the Account and Services as may be required by any court order or competent authority or agency under the provisions or applicable laws and/or otherwise to safeguard the interests of the Bank.
Changes in Bank terms and conditions will have to be duly informed to Customers.
Such change to the Terms shall be communicated to the Customer through either its website, e-mail, or via, IVR, voice mail and/or text message sent to Customer’s mobile phone. Such amendments/alterations may also be displayed at the Bank’s premises from time to time and shall be binding on the Customer. By continuing to use any existing or new services as may be introduced by MMBL, the Customer shall be deemed to have accepted the changed Terms.
The grant to, and operation of, Account and Services by a Customer is purely personal in nature and not transferable under any circumstance.
The Customer may request termination of Account and Services by giving instructions to MMBL any time in a manner prescribed by MMBL. The termination shall take effect on the completion of the Customer request. The Customer will remain responsible for any transactions made through Account and Services until time of such termination.
Under Zakat and Usher Ordinance, 1980, the banks are required to collect/deduct Zakat at source in respect of saving banks accounts, profit and loss sharing accounts & similar Bank Accounts having credit balance equal & more than the amount, notified by the Administrator General Zakat, at valuation date. Zakat deduction will be applicable @ 2.5% of the credit balance maintained on the valuation date.
Customer will also be liable for account closing charges applicable at the time of closing before he/she will be paid the last remaining credit balance, if any.
MMBL may withdraw or terminate Account and Services anytime either entirely or with reference to a specific service or Customer, or in case of breach of Terms by the Customer without any prior notice, or if it learns of the death, bankruptcy or lack of legal capacity of the Customer.
The contractual relationship between the customer and the bank will cease to exist on receipt of information regarding death of the customer either through a formal notice by his heirs or reliable resources.
The Bank reserves to itself the right to close without prior notice, any Account which in its opinion is not satisfactorily operated upon, or for any other reason whatsoever on the sole discretion of the Bank, and it shall not be incumbent on the Bank to disclose its reasons for doing so to the Customer.
Bank may correct erroneous and incorrect posting of entries and inform the Customer subsequently.
In case of delay in receiving transaction completion alerts at Customer’s end on Customer’s request, the Bank will follow-up with the concerned for swift resolution.
The Bank shall have discharged its liability with respect to an Account which has been closed by sending an electronic notification to the Customer on his/her registered mobile phone or email. In case any funds were still available in the account at the time of closure, they be remitted to the customer in form of money transfer transaction by sending the transaction details on the registered mobile number which consists of a 12 digit transaction ID (TID) which upon the production at any MMBL assigned agent in the country or any MMBL Branch in the country, the Customer will be able to receive the remaining balance of his/her account after biometric verification and/or other appropriate verification.
Any change in the address or constitution of the Customer should be immediately communicated in writing to the Bank. The post office and other agents for delivery shall be considered agents of the Customers for delivery of letters etc. and no responsibility shall be accepted by the Bank for delay, non-delivery of communications sent to the Bank.
Accounts that remain inoperative for twelve (12) months or where account holder’s Computerized National Identity Card (CNIC) is not in branch/Bank’s record as per SBP directive, will be classified as dormant/suspended. The Bank reserves the right to disallow transactions in the Customer account while the account remains dormant / suspended. However, Debits under the recovery of loans and markup etc. any permissible Bank charges, Government duties or levies and instruction issued under any Law or from the Court will not be subject to this transaction restriction.
Any change of address can be requested during the period of dormancy of account but will not change the status of dormant/inactive account. For reactivation of Dormant/inactive account, the account holder must call contact center from their registered number. After necessary verifications account will be reactivated provisionally by the Contact Center for a period of 48 hours for conducting any financial transaction after which account will be activated permanently.
In case of the Bank receiving official notice or as and when become aware of it from any other reliable source. regarding demise of, or bankruptcy of the account holder/depositor the Bank will stop operations immediately in the account and will not be obliged to allow any operation or withdrawal except on production of a Succession Certificate or other Court orders, from a Court of competent jurisdiction.
If a deposit/instrument remains inoperative for a period of ten years, it will become unclaimed deposit and will be surrendered to SBP as per the provisions of Banking Companies Ordinance 1962 and SBP directives operative at that time.
MMBL may publish notices of general nature, which are applicable to all Customers in newspapers or on its web site. Such notices will have the same effect as a notice served individually to each Customer. Moreover, MMBL can send notifications regarding services and general instructions to Customers through different “Channels”
MMBL shall be entitled to sell, novate, assign or transfer (1) MMBL’s rights and obligations under this Agreement; (2) all assets, liabilities, deposits held, and all services and facilities offered under the Account and Services; and (3) any security in favor of MMBL (including all guarantee/s) to any person of its choice, including an affiliate or subsidiary company of the Bank in whole or in part and in such manner and on such terms and conditions as MMBL may decide. Any such sale, assignment or transfer shall conclusively bind the Customer and all other persons, including Supplementary Users.
Customers agree to be bound by the terms and conditions that may be agreed between the Bank and purchaser/acquirer on which a sale/transfer of Account and/or Services may be affected by the Bank.
The Customers, his/her heirs, legal representatives, executors, administrators and successors are bound by the Terms and the Customer is not entitled to transfer or assign any of his rights and obligations under this Agreement.
The Customer agrees and acknowledges that MMBL shall have the right of set-off and lien, irrespective of any other lien or charge, present as well as future, on the deposits held in the Account or in any other account, whether in single name or joint name, to the extent of all outstanding dues, whatsoever, arising as a result of Account and Services extended to and/or used by the Customer.
The Customer agrees to fully indemnify and hold harmless MMBL and/or the Affiliates, as the case may be, including both their officers / employees and agents, (1) against all losses and expenses which MMBL may incur, sustain, suffer or is likely to suffer in connection with MMBL or Affiliates’ execution of the Customer Instructions; (2) against all actions, claims, demands, proceedings, losses, damages, costs, charges and expenses incurred by MMBL or Affiliates as a consequence or by reason of providing the Account and Service to Customers; and (3) for any action taken or omitted to be taken by MMBL and /or the Affiliates, its officers, employees or agents, on the instructions of the Customer.
Neither MMBL nor the Affiliates shall be liable if observed due diligence in good faith for any unauthorized transactions occurring through his/her Account and the Customer hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold MMBL and the Affiliates harmless against any action, suit, proceeding initiated against it or any loss, cost or damage incurred by it as a result thereto.
The Customer shall not be liable for the acts or omissions of the Agent provided however that the Customer follows the due process required by the Bank and subject to the Bank’s investigation and dispute resolution procedures. MMBL, its employees, directors, representatives or affiliates shall not in any way be liable or responsible in any manner whatsoever if the due process is not followed by the Customer e.g. should the Customer’s MPIN be compromised / forgotten by the Customer including, but not limited to, acts or omissions (including fraud) _by the Agent and/or the Customer resulting in discrepant/incorrect /erroneous transactions.
The Customer understands that MMBL disclaims all and any liability, whether direct or indirect, whether arising out of loss of profit or otherwise to honor any Customer Instruction for whatsoever reason.
The Customer undertakes to separately indemnify the Bank against any / all risks and losses arising out of unauthorized access gained into Customer’s Account by any person, in any manner that does not directly arise due to any fault, negligence, act or omission, or mistake of the Bank.
The Customer will pay MMBL and /or the Affiliates such amount as may be determined to be sufficient to indemnify it against any loss or expense mentioned hereinabove, even though they may not have arisen or are contingent in nature.
The Customer acknowledges that the software underlying Services, any software provided by MMBL to be downloaded to Customer’s mobile as well as other related electronic services software which are required for accessing the Accounts are the legal property of MMBL and relevant vendors and does not. Convey any proprietary or ownership rights in such software. The Customer shall not attempt to modify, translate, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer the software underlying Account and Services or create any derivative product based on the software.
Anyone having Jazz cash account can apply for the Jazz cash Debit card through Website instead of to allow this facility to only those account holders who have biometrically verified jazz cash account.
Only BVS verified customers will be able to perform card transactions
INDEMNITY AND UNDERTAKING
In consideration of your acceptance of oral instructions from me over the telephone, fax or implementation of other instructions where transmitted by electronic means in connection with such facilities as may from time to time form part of the Account and Services offered by you in accordance with your policy, I irrevocably and unconditionally agree and undertake to accept the veracity of any such instructions and your implementation of the Account and Services for all purposes whatsoever. I further irrevocably and unconditionally ratify the same and hereby waive any claim against you as a consequence of or in respect of the provision by you of the Account and Services, and not to use, or allow any third party to use the Account and Services on my/our behalf and/or for any fraudulent or unlawful purpose. I confirm that any instructions given by me/us to you using any means may be used as evidence in any court of law or other proceedings of whatsoever nature or in resolving any dispute between us. I further irrevocably and unconditionally agree to indemnify and hold you harmless from and against all liabilities, losses, actions, proceedings, claims, costs, damages and expenses which may be incurred or suffered by you, or made against you, as a consequence of, or in respect of, the provision by you of the Account and the Services. I further agree that you may debit any of my/our accounts with you for all costs, charges, expenses or other amounts which you may incur as a consequence of, or in respect of, the provision of the Account and Services. I agree that you may ignore, or suspend action on, any instructions received from me/us if you, in your absolute discretion, deem it appropriate to do so.
I further confirm my understanding that compliance with such instructions and provision of the Services shall be subject to the internal policies of the Bank, which may change from time to time, and the relevant circulars of State Bank of Pakistan.
I also confirm that the provision of Account and Services shall also, where relevant and applicable, be governed by the terms and conditions governing my/our existing account with you. I confirm that my / our Mobile Personal Identification Number (MPIN) shall be kept confidential. I shall be liable for any misuse of the same, and agree to indemnify you against all consequences of such misuse. I confirm that all information and data contained in this form is accurate and true and there is no undisclosed material information which would affect MMBL’s decision to extend any of the Account facilities and Services to me/us.
In consideration of your agreeing to send/provide me the electronic statements and Alerts via website, e-mail, text message, voice mail, IVR or other electronic means, I hereby waive any requirement to send any paper or electronic statements or notices by post or courier to my/our address.
For the purpose of this Indemnity and Undertaking the word “Account” and “Services” shall be deemed to include banking services or products that MMBL may offer Customers from time to time via mobile phones. This Indemnity and Undertaking shall be deemed to be an integral part of this Agreement, executed by me/us as amended from time to time.
I understand that information supplied by me is covered by the full provisions of the terms and conditions governing the Account Holder’s relationship with MMBL setting out how MMBL may use and share the information supplied by me.
I acknowledge that information regarding account holder and any Reportable Account(s) may be provided to tax authorities of the country in which this account is being maintained and exchange with tax authorities of another country in which account holder is tax resident pursuant to inter-governmental agreements to exchange financial account information.
I declare that I have neither asked for, nor received, any advice from MMBL in determining my classification as a Reportable Person or otherwise.
Terms and Conditions for Communication via WhatsApp
1) Terms & Conditions – WhatsApp as Channel
1.1 These Terms & Conditions apply to Customers who use the WhatsApp customer care channel provided by JazzCash on the WhatsApp Platform. These Terms & Conditions are supplementary to any other terms and conditions stipulated by JazzCash from time to time on its website (www.jazzcash.com.pk), whether related to the mobile wallet or other products, services or offers provided by JazzCash. Any medium of information exchange or customer care interaction’ is protected by set of confidentiality clauses
1.2 By using the WhatsApp customer care channel, the Customer agrees to be bound by these Terms & Conditions governing the use of JazzCash WhatsApp Services.
1.3 The exchange of communication via the WhatsApp Platform dependent on the Customer’s data network connection, the updated WhatsApp messenger Platform and the compatibility of customer’s device with WhatsApp Services. Consequently, the Customer agrees to bear full responsibility, that, without imposing any obligation on JazzCash, for the installation and periodic updates of any necessary software, including the WhatsApp messenger Platform, as well as hardware and operating systems, at Customer’s own expense, to ensure compatibility with the WhatsApp customer care channel provided by JazzCash.
1.4 These Terms & Conditions constitute the agreement between the JazzCash and the Customer for using WhatsApp as a customer care channel. They must be read in conjunction with the terms and conditions applicable to the JazzCash mobile wallet and shall be interpreted as supplementary to, not a replacement for, of any other terms the Customer has agreed with JazzCash for other products and services. The Customer acknowledges and agrees that all WhatsApp communication through the WhatsApp messenger platform between JazzCash and the Customer is subject to these Terms & Conditions. JazzCash reserves the right to discontinue, or impose limits on the WhatsApp customer channel, without prior notice.
1.5 The Customer acknowledges that WhatsApp is owned by a third-party unaffiliated with JazzCash and agrees to independently accept the privacy policy/notice of WhatsApp or its group companies at their own risk.
1.6 In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms & Conditions and those related to a specific mobile wallet, product/offer, these Terms & Conditions shall prevail with respect to the WhatsApp customer care channel.
2) JazzCash WhatsApp Customer Care Channel
2.1 The WhatsApp customer care channel provides digital services via the internet to individual Customers for personal use. The channel is accessible on compatible Device(s) through the WhatsApp application after installation. It is designed for general query management and customer support, enabling Customers to conveniently approach JazzCash.
2.2 The Customer agrees and acknowledges that JazzCash reserves the right to provide only the information and services specified under the WhatsApp customer care channel. The Customer further accepts that JazzCash may, at any time and, without notice, modify, discontinue or alter the information and services available through this channel.
2.3 The Customer agrees not to hold JazzCash responsible for any failure to respond to queries/ a provide, satisfactory responses or process requests if the instructions are not received by JazzCash due to technical issues, incorrect message formats or other reasons beyond JazzCash’s control.
3) Privacy
3.1 The Customer authorizes JazzCash to use their Personal Information shared for the provision of the WhatsApp customer care channel and acknowledges that JazzCash may process and share this information for purposes directly related to the services requested. Personal Information is any information that identifies or can be used to identify an individual, either directly or indirectly.
3.2 The Customer is responsible for maintaining accurate and up-to-date Personal Information and for safeguarding their account details. JazzCash is authorized to verify and authenticate the Customer’s Personal Information at any time.
JazzCash shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising from the Customer’s disclosure of their Personal Information or account-related information to any party.
3.3 JazzCash may share the Customer’s Personal Information with third parties under the following circumstances:
a) As authorized by the JazzCash Privacy Policy/Notice.
b) To process transactions, maintain accounts, enhance security, and prevent fraud.
c) To facilitate the Customer’s registration or use of third-party services.
d) To notify third-party merchants or service providers of the Customer’s JazzCash account for payment processing.
e) With the issuer of the Customer’s banking card, payment networks, and affiliated organizations to ensure the security and validity of payments.
3.4 When making purchases using JazzCash Payments, Personal Information such as location details and payment method information may be shared with the merchant to provide updated purchase details and verify payment acceptance.
3.4 Additionally, adding a third-party payment method to your JazzCash account may involve sharing Personal Information with the payment provider, including name, profile image, email, IP address, billing address, phone number, device information, location data and activity within JazzCash, as necessary to facilitate the service.
3.1 The Customer hereby authorizes JazzCash to use any information shared by him/her for provision of WhatsApp as customer care channel. Customer acknowledges and agrees that for the provision of WhatsApp as customer care channel, JazzCash shall process and share Customer’s information for the purpose directly related to WhatsApp as customer care channel requested by the Customer.
3.2 The Customer is responsible for providing and maintaining accurate and updated personal information and for safeguarding Account information. The Customer authorizes JazzCash to verify and authenticate Customer’s personal information, at any time.
3.4 JazzCash shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising from Customer’s disclosure of personal or Account related information to anyone.
4) Prohibited Content
4.1  The WhatsApp customer care channel may facilitate communication, submission, posting or display of content, including information, data, text, sound, photographs, graphics, videos, advertisements, messages or other materials (“Content”) between JazzCash and the Customer. The Customer is solely responsible for any Content they submit. JazzCash reserves the right to review and remove any Content that, in its sole discretion, violates these Terms & Conditions, Shariah compliance, applicable laws, or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the jurisdiction.
43.26 Prohibited Content under these Terms & Conditions includes, but is not limited to, Content that:
a) Is offensive or promotes racism, bigotry, discrimination, hatred, harassment or physical harm against any group or individual;
b) Involves the transmission of “junk mail”, “chain letters” unsolicited mass mailing, “spamming” or “phishing”;
c) Promotes or endorses false or misleading information illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous;
d) Promotes or endorses an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person’s copyrighted work;
e) Contains restricted or password- only access pages hidden pages or images;
f) Displays or links of pornographic, sexually explicit or other indecent material;
g) Solicits passwords or personal data from other users; or
h) Violates the rights of or harms or threatens the safety of other users or the WhatsApp customer care channel.
54) Security
54.1 The Customer shall maintain high standards of security for their Device and WhatsApp account. The Customer agrees and warrants that they will use their Device safely not share it and ensure that no one else it JazzCash shall not be liable for any damages or losses Customer’s failure to adhere to these responsibilities. Any suspicious activity should be reported immediately to the JazzCash helpline (4444 or 051-111-124-444).
5.4.2 The Customer is solely responsible for ensuring that their Device is suitable for accessing the WhatsApp as customer care channel and functions properly. JazzCash accepts no liability if the Customer suffers any loss or damage due to a rooted or incompatible Device or an incompatible version of WhatsApp.
54.3 The Customer is responsible for safeguarding the WhatsApp account linked to the Registered Mobile Number and shall must take all necessary measures to prevent unauthorized communication through their Registered Mobile Number. JazzCash entitled to assume that, any communication initiated from the Customer’s Registered Mobile Number has been generated by the Customer and JazzCash accepts no if the Customer disputes having generated such communication.
54.4 Communication on WhatsApp is subject to the Customer’s data network connection and Device compatibility with the WhatsApp customer care channels. The Customer agrees to be solely responsible, without imposing any obligation on JazzCash, for upgrading any necessary software, hardware or operating system at their own to ensure continued access to the WhatsApp customer care channel offered by JazzCash.
54.5 The Customer warrants that the Registered Mobile Number will be used to communicate with JazzCash via WhatsApp. The Customer must ensure that they have the necessary network connection to access the WhatsApp customer care channel. JazzCash shall not be held responsible for any delay or non-receipt of responses due to network issues.
54.6 If the Customer hands over a Device, with WhatsApp installed, to another individual they should lock or deactivate the Device and/or WhatsApp before doing so. In the event that a Device with WhatsApp installed is lost or stolen, Customer must inform the relevant authority. JazzCash shall not be liable for any misuse of the WhatsApp customer care channel in case of loss or theft of the Device..
6) Third Party Services
6.1 JazzCash does not endorse any third-party services. Any websites and applications (including WhatsApp) accessed by the Customer to use the WhatsApp as customer care channel are used at the Customer’s own risk, and JazzCash bears no liability for third party services. If any issues or harm arises from these third-party services, the, Customer should seek redress directly from the service provider, as JazzCash has no responsibility in such matters and cannot assist the Customer.
6.2 Third party websites or applications (including WhatsApp, that the Customer accesses via any network, mobile phone number or Device, are subject to and governed by their own terms and conditions. It is the Customer’s responsibility to read and adhere to those terms and conditions.
6.3 Although the communication via the Platform and WhatsApp is end-to-end encrypted, the Customer understands and agrees that any message or information exchanged through WhatsApp platform is subject to the risk of being intercepted, read, interrupted, defrauded or manipulated by third parties. JazzCash shall not be responsible for any consequences arising from the use of WhatsApp.
7) Registration
7.1 To avail of the WhatsApp customer care channel, the Customer must register on the WhatsApp Platform using the same mobile number that is updated in JazzCash’s records. As a safety measure, the Customer must ensure that no unauthorized person have access to the WhatsApp.
7.2 By using the service, the Customer agrees and confirms acceptance of (a) the Terms & Conditions applicable to the WhatsApp customer care channels; (b) any specific terms and conditions related to the account, product, service or offer; and (c) all terms and conditions prescribed by WhatsApp Inc for using the WhatsApp platform.
7.3 Currently, no registration is required to access the JazzCash customer care channel., However, the Customer should avoid disclosing any sensitive or confidential information on WhatsApp unless necessary to validate account information during a live chat with a JazzCash customer care representative.
7.4 JazzCash reserves the right to modify the process for authentication, registration and/or verification of the Customer, for the WhatsApp customer care channel, at any time, at its sole discretion.
8) Warranties and Disclaimers
8.1 JazzCash warrants that it will perform its obligations in a professional manner consistent with prevailing industry standards and will make reasonable efforts to maintain the WhatsApp customer care channel.
8.2 The Customer acknowledges that the Platform is provided ‘as is’ and may not be error-free. JazzCash makes no warranties, expressed or implied, regarding the availability, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, accuracy, completeness, performance or quality of service of WhatsApp customer care channel or otherwise.
9) Liability
9.1 JazzCash (including, but not limited to, its shareholders, executives, officers, affiliated companies, partners and their contractors, officers, directors and employees, shall not be liable for any damages, whether arising under law, contract, warranty, indemnification, tort or otherwise. This , includes, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, loss of profits or business opportunities, or damages resulting from loss of data or loss of access to the WhatsApp customer care channel or other services.
98.2 JazzCash shall not be liable for any delay or failure due to causes beyond its control, including but not limited to acts of God, government or regulatory authority actions, war, fire, flood, explosion, terrorism, riot or civil commotion or non-availability, malfunction, computer viruses or disruptions in utilities, internet service or, telecommunications networks.
9.3 The Customer shall be liable if they have contributed to a loss arising from unauthorized misuse of the Device or WhatsApp platform or transactions through their own fraud; or by breaching any security requirements in the WhatsApp customer care channel or by acting with extreme carelessness in protecting the security of their credentials.
9.4 The Customer acknowledges that the WhatsApp as customer care channel may not be error-free. While JazzCash will strive to provide professional services to maintain accessibility and usability, it makes no express or implied warranties regarding the performance, quality, availability or usability of this service.
10) Indemnity
10.1 The Customer agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless, including, but not limited to, its shareholders, executives, officers, affiliated companies, partners and their contractors, officers, directors and employees,) from all claims, liabilities and expenses (including attorney’s fees) arise from the Customer’s misuse of the Device and/or WhatsApp  as customer care channel or any breach of these Terms & Conditions or applicable laws.
10.2 JazzCash reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by the Customer. The Customer shall cooperate in good faith with JazzCash in asserting any available defenses.
11) Termination
11.1) The WhatsApp customer care channel may be deactivated at any time through the Customer’s personal account settings on WhatsApp.
11.2) JazzCash may discontinue providing the WhatsApp as customer care channel to the Customer or impose limits on its use, if the Customer breaches these Terms & Conditions or applicable laws., The Customer’s right to use the WhatsApp customer care channel and access its content shall immediately terminate, without prior notice in such events.
12) Amendments
12.1) JazzCash will notify the Customers of any amendments or changes to these Terms and Conditions at least seven (07) days before the changes takes effect using one of the following methods:
a) Direct Communication
b) Digital platform
c) Notice on JazzCash website; or via any electronic channel
12.2) The Customer agrees to regularly check JazzCash’s website. If the Customer does not agree to the amendments, the may discontinue using the WhatsApp customer care channel before the effective date of the amendment. Continued use of the WhatsApp customer care channel after the effective date shall be deemed the Customer’s express consent to the amended Terms & Conditions.
13) Force Majeure
Force Majeure refers to circumstances beyond JazzCash’s reasonable control, including, but not limited to fire, explosion, strikes or other labor disputes, riots or other civil disturbances, compliance with any law, order, regulation, or request of any governmental authority, and networks, power supply, gateway or communication failures. JazzCash will not be liable for failure to perform any requested information services or for unavailability of the WhatsApp customer care channel during the period of force majeure.
14) Partial Invalidity
If any provision of these Terms & Conditions is declared invalid or unenforceable by a competent court or other binding authority, the remaining terms, conditions and provisions shall remain valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
15) Language versions
Any translations of these Terms & Conditions from English into another language are provided solely for Customer’s convenience. In the event of discrepancies between different language versions, the English version shall prevail.
16) Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
These Terms & Conditions shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, as well as the rules, regulations, circulars and directives of the State Bank of Pakistan, (as maybe amended from time to time). Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with these Terms & Conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at located in Karachi, Pakistan.
16.1 JazzCash’s interpretation of these Terms & Conditions shall be final and binding on the customer. The Customer hereby undertakes, agrees and confirms that they have read, understood and agree to, abide by these Terms and Conditions.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We may share your personal information with third parties outside of JazzCash under the following circumstances:
a)	Permitted Disclosures
b)	As authorized under the JazzCash Privacy Policy.
c)  Transactional and Account Maintenance Purposes
d)	When required to process your transactions, maintain your account, or to enhance security measures and prevent fraud.
e)  Third-Party Service Registration
f)  To facilitate your registration or use of services provided by third-party entities.
g)  Third-Party Merchant Integration
h)  To notify a third-party merchant or service provider, whose website or application you visit, of the existence of your JazzCash account, enabling payment through that merchant’s platform.
i)  Payment Method Verification
j)  With the issuer of your card, payment method, payment networks, payment processors, and any affiliated organizations operating on their behalf, for the purposes of ensuring the security and validity of the payment method and transactions made using it.
For instance, when you make a purchase or conduct a transaction using JazzCash Payments, certain personal information may be provided to the merchant or individual you are transacting with. This could include sharing your information with the developer or merchant when you utilize JazzCash Payments for purchases.
Additionally, this may involve transmitting your personal data, such as location details, personally identifiable information (PII), and payment method information to the merchant’s website or application when initiating a payment via a “Buy with JazzCash” button or similar functionality. This enables the merchant to provide updated purchase details (e.g., tax calculations, delivery fees, and pricing information), as well as assess whether the payment method is accepted and determine any specific benefits or restrictions that apply.
Furthermore, when you add a third-party payment method to your JazzCash account, certain personal information may be exchanged with the third-party payment provider. This could include your name, profile image, email address, IP address, billing address, phone number, device information, location data, and activity information within JazzCash, as required to provide and facilitate the service.
Regulatory Changes
SBP Communication
SBP has stated incorporations of various security features which in turn would safeguard customers and their account information. There would be three main changes going ahead which are taken up respectively in App and Configurations accordingly
These changes would be going ahead and take affect from
30th Sep’ 2024
onwards and be implemented on all customer levels.
Three items would be taken which include Cooldown incorporation, BVS enablement on various use cases and Device Management functionality for customers
Cooldown Incorporations:
Once customers would perform actions associated with the below items then a cooldown of
30mins
would be triggered on their account and customers would not be able to perform debit transactions for
30mins.
Account Registration
New Device Registration
Email Address Change
Change MPIN/Forget MPIN
BVS Enablement:
Customers would need to perform BVS verification when customer would perform the below actions where BVS will be taken from customer in the journey. Note: BVS would be in addition to cooldown being tagged against the below items.
New Device Registration
Email Address Change
Once the customers would perform BVS they would have cooldown triggered after action is completed and debit block will be added since cooldown is incorporated on the above cases.
Device Management:
Customers would now be able to “Manage Devices” through their JazzCash App and allow for ease of removal of linked devices.
In case a customer proceeds with device removal, they would have to enter their MPIN to confirm removal of the selected device.
At a time, a customer would be able to link 3 devices to their JazzCash account at any given time
No limitation of 30 days would be incorporated for customers that link their devices.
Once a device is removed, if it is either a new device or a previously linked device, customer would go through BVS and also cooldown triggered as well.
Table which includes the channel wise breakdown of cooldown and BVS incorporation channel wise is shared below for reference:
Cooldown Restriction
All Debit Transactions
Cooldown Time
30 minutes
Type of Check
Use Case – Cooldown Implementation
Channel
Customer Level
App
USSD
Retailor
Cooldown
Account Registration
Yes
No
No
L0 ( Jazz, OMNO)
L1 (Jazz, OMNO)
L2 (Jazz, OMNO)
Device Registration
Yes
No
No
L0 ( Jazz, OMNO)
L1 (Jazz, OMNO)
L2 (Jazz, OMNO)
Email Address Change
Yes
Yes
No
L0 ( Jazz, OMNO)
L1 (Jazz, OMNO)
L2 (Jazz, OMNO)
Change MPIN
Yes
Yes
No
L0 ( Jazz, OMNO)
L1 (Jazz, OMNO)
L2 (Jazz, OMNO)
Transactions Restriction
Yes
Yes
Yes
L0 ( Jazz, OMNO)
L1 (Jazz, OMNO)
L2 (Jazz, OMNO)
BVS
Email Address Change
Yes
–
–
All Customer Levels
Device Registration
FAQ's
Agent Locator
Careers
Media Center
Contact Us
–
Name
*
Email
Phone
*
Start Chat
😀
X
Drag & Drop your files here
OR
Browse Files
Drop Here
Uploaded Files
by
Antlere
😀
💬
Chat With Us!