Online Walkie Talkie Pro , Terms Of Use and  Privacy Policy:
Terms of use:
This app makes a public environment for people to chat and the users have different ages so the following items are
Prohibited
:
Promoting sexually activities and explicit sexual conversations.
Depicting or encouraging the use or sale of drugs, alcohol, or tobacco by minors , Instructions for growing or manufacturing drugs.
Instructions for engaging in violent activities.
Advocating against groups of people based on their race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, nationality, veteran status, sexual orientation, or gender identity.
NOTICE:
If we become aware of a user involved with any of activities above, we will block the user and  may report it to the appropriate authorities.
Privacy
Policy:
What information we collect:
We are using third party advertising services like Google Admob and the app can share collected data for Interest-Based Advertising: Allowing Advertisers to infer interests and serve ads to users based on their interests and location.
The App will also send user’s Installed Packages information to third parties for Analysis purposes.
Permissions
This App needs to get access to your, Microphone and Camera.
Microphone and Camera is needed to be able to do Audio and/or Video Chat only. No Audio or Video is sent without your request. (PTT Button)
The App also needs to get some of your Device’s information like Android version, your Device Model and etc. These info are used to identify the users and are not going to be shared or stored in our servers.
Privacy:
This app is a public chat application that every body with the same app set to the same channel can hear your voice or see you (if your camera is on). there is no privacy on public channels and we do not take any responsibility of the users conversations.
Subscription:
Subscription renewal is automatic and user will charge for the next period automatically when the subscription plan ends unless the user cancels the subscription at least 24 hours prior to the next period’s start date
Background Service:
The Android version of the App uses Background Service. meaning, The app will continue working, play Audio, Receive messages and Invitations even when the App is closed, “IF THE APP’S POWER BUTTON IS ON”.
So if you turn the Walkie Talkie App On with the blue button on the top left corner, and close the App without turning it off, it’ll keep working in the background. However there is going to be an indicator with the App’s icon on the Phone’s notification bar that shows that.
To completely stop and close the app, you should turn the Walkie Talkie App off first and then close it.
If you don’t like this behavior and don’t like the app to be running in background in any condition, you can go to the App’s settings and turn the background feature off. that way the app will completely close when you close it even if the power button is on.
Remember all above is for Android Version only. the iOS version doesn’t have background system.