Privacy Policy – Primed Mind
Primed Mind USA, 138 E 12300 S Unit #781, Draper, UT 84020
Last updated: February 10th, 2023
1. Introduction
Primed Mind USA (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the website and the Primed Mind mobile application (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
This policy DOES NOT apply to information that:
* We collect offline or on any other Company apps or websites, including websites you may access through Primed Mind
* You provide to or is collected by any third party
2. Definitions
The following definitions will be used throughout the the following articles for better visibility
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.
Data Controller
Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Data Processor (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject
Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
User
The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
3. Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected:
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
* Email address
* Name (if you choose to enter one)
* Facebook profile information such as name and email address (if you choose to log in through Facebook)
* Cookies and Usage Data
* Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses and information around your device), if you contact us.
* Your responses to surveys, if you decide to participate
* User Image information (such as user’s profile pictures)
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you, if you opted in while signing up in the mobile application. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
You may provide information to be published or displayed (“Posted”) on public areas of websites that are related to Primed Mind USA through the Webpage or the App itself (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are Posted and transmitted to others at your own risk. You Post at your own risk and should be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of third parties with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
4. Use of Data
Primed Mind USA uses the collected data for various purposes that are closely connected to the mobile application
* To provide and maintain our Service
* To notify you about changes to our Service
* To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you have opted to receive this type of information
* To provide customer support
* To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
* Notify you when App updates are available, and of changes to any products or services we offer or provide though it
The usage information we collect helps us to improve our App and to deliver a better and more personalized experience by enabling us:
* To further develop content in both length and topic that fits your needs
* To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
* To monitor the usage of our Service
* Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our App according to your individual interests
* To detect, prevent and address technical issues
5. Retention of Data
Primed Mind USA will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Primed Mind USA will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
6. Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the USA and by signing up and accepting the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the USA and other locations to process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Primed Mind USA will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
7. Disclosure Of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Primed Mind USA may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Primed Mind USA may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
* To comply with a legal obligation
* To protect and defend the rights or property of Primed Mind USA
* To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
* To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
* To protect against legal liability
* To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including the App EULA, which are shown here: https://primedmind.com/termsofservice and for billing and collection.
* To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our App users is among the assets transferred.
8. Security Of Data
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our App, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted through our App. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide.
9. Your Rights
Primed Mind USA aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the right:
* To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
* To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
* To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you
You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to Primed Mind USA. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of our App that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to support@primedmind.com.
10. Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Our third party partners have been chosen with care and are fully compliant with GDPR.
Sign Up
We may use third-party Service Providers to handle the Sign-Up Process.
Facebook
This Service is provided by Facebook Inc.
If you use Facebook as your method of logging into Primed Mind, it forwards your email address and name information to our data storage and your account data will be linked to this entry.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service that is fully described in 4.
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245. For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Mixpanel
Mixpanel is provided by Mixpanel Inc
You can prevent Mixpanel from using your information for analytics purposes by opting-out. To opt-out of Mixpanel service, please visit this page: https://mixpanel.com/optout/
For more information on what type of information Mixpanel collects, please visit the Terms of Use page of Mixpanel: https://mixpanel.com/terms/
Sentry
Sentry is provided by Sentry Inc.
You can prevent Sentry from using your information for analytics purposes by opting-out. To opt-out of Sentry service, please visit this page: https://sentry.io/privacy/
Appsflyer
Appsflyer is provided by Appsflyer Inc.
You can prevent Appsflyer from using your information for analytics purposes by opting-out. To opt-out of Appsflyer service, please visit this page https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Facebook Analytics is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can prevent Facebook from using your information for analytics purposes by opting-out. To opt-out of Facebook service, please visit this page https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update
Behavioral Remarketing
Primed Mind USA uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Twitter
Twitter remarketing service is provided by Twitter Inc.
You can opt-out from Twitter's interest-based ads by following their instructions: https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405
You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Twitter by visiting their Privacy Policy page: https://twitter.com/privacy
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
11. Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
Apple Store In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Play In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
12. Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
13. Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 16 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
14. Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
15. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email via support@primedmind.com.
You can also visit this page on our website: https://primedmind.com/privacypolicy