Privacy Policy
Last modified: February 2019
The skyvpn.net website (the Website or SkyVPN Website) and SkyVPN
            mobile applications (the Software or SkyVPN Software) are owned and
            operated by SkyVPN, Inc. ('SkyVPN', 'us' or 'we'). It is SkyVPN's
            policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may
            collect while operating our websites and SkyVPN Software.
SkyVPN network is a No Log network, which means SkyVPN does not save
            information about the applications, services or websites our users
            consume while connected to our services.
The information we may collect
SkyVPN may need to collect the following operational data in order
            to operate our Services.
• Aggregate bandwidth usage for network operations and support.
• Temporary usage data to assist with debugging a problem with the
            service. This information is not retained once trouble shooting is
            resolved.
• We perform automated rules-based traffic management for the
            purposes of maintaining and improving our service. Applying these
            rules may require real-time analysis of Internet and data traffic
            including destination websites or IP addresses, originating IP
            addresses.
• The SkyVPN website uses cookies, tracking pixels and related
            technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our
            platform and stored on your device. Our site uses cookies dropped by
            us or third parties for a variety of purposes including to operate
            and personalize the website. Also, cookies may also be used to track
            how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.
• The SkyVPN clients may use in-app analytics technologies, like
            Google Analytics, to help improve and simplify the overall app,
            design and service.
• SkyVPN collect your email address and other contact information
            when you request customer support. We also collect information
            regarding your support request. This information is used to address
            your inquiry or service problem and to improve our service.
When you install SkyVPN on your device, we may automatically collect
            certain information from your device, including an Android, Apple
            iOS, or other ID, device maker and model, mobile web browser type
            and version, IP address, MAC address, the operating system’s maker
            and version, location information, MCC (Mobile Country Code)
            information, the mobile application name, a list of mobile
            applications installed on your device and other technical data about
            your device.
The way we use information
SkyVPN uses the collected data in order to make available and
            maintain SkyVPN, in order to improve SkyVPN and to better adapt the
            service to your needs, in order to send you information on SkyVPN,
            to provide you Updates and Upgrades and in order to notify you on
            products news and actions.
• To confirm your subscription identification
When you buy subscription service, we’d prompt you to collect your
            email to verify subscription identification.
• To ensure the product quality
When you reach out to us about any product quality issue, we will
            collect the specific information of your device, such as unique
            device ID, device type, and operating system type. It helps us to
            speed up the problem solving and improve the product experience.
• To study and analyze
When you become a user of the Service, we will collect the statistic
            about users’ behavior and country code. By learning and analyzing
            the statistic, we will improve the service and product to be better.
When we disclose information
SkyVPN forwards no data to third parties. We make express reference
            to the fact that we do not share data with social networks or
            advertising networks. SkyVPN forwards data only to observe the
            applicable laws or to comply with a judicial order or to implement
            our General Business Terms.
Third-Party Advertisers
Ads appearing on SkyVPN Software or any of our websites may be
            delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
            These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each
            time they send you an online advertisement to compile information
            about you or others who use your computer. This information allows
            ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements
            that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
            Policy covers the use of cookies by SkyVPN and does not cover the
            use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
SkyVPN may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at
            SkyVPNs sole discretion. SkyVPN encourages visitors or users to
            frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
            The last revision will be reflected in the 'Last Updated' heading.
            Any change of this policy will be posted in the Site. Your continued
            access to the Website or using of the Software after any change in
            this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such a
            change.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about these our Terms of
            Service as outlined above, you can contact us at:
contact@skyvpn.net