You need to enable JavaScript to browse this website.
Flora
Privacy Policy
Effective date: January 01, 2023.
On January 01, 2023, we published a revised version of our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Flora means you agree to this revised document, so please take a few minutes to read and understand it.
AppFinca Inc. (“we,” “us,” or “our”) respects the privacy of its users (“you” or “your”). This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect, how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures when you use the Flora mobile application, website, or any associated software that we provide for you (collectively, the “Service”). Unless otherwise defined, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
Terms of Service
.
We encourage you to take a few minutes to read this Privacy Policy and understand it. By using our Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. If you have any question about our privacy practices, please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us.
What Information We Collect about You
We may collect information that can identify you ("Personal Information") and other information that does not identify you, as described below.
Information You Provide
When using our Service, you will be asked to provide information including, but not limited to, your name, email address, phone number, contact list. We will also ask you to authorize the access to your certain Facebook account information, such as your friend list. If you chat with other users of our Service, you provide us with the content of your chats. If you contact us, you provide us with the content of that communication, and if you transact business with us, you provide us with the related financial information.
Log Data
We collect information that your browser or device sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, the type of mobile device and operating system you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, your location information, and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third-party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service’s functionality. These third-party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
We collect this information through our website, mobile application, or third-party partners by using the following technologies:
Cookies and Pixel Tags
When you visit our Service, we may use cookies to facilitate access to our Service and to personalize your experience. A cookie is a bit of information that a website sends to your web browser to help the site remember information about you and your preferences. We also may embed pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear GIFs) on web pages, ads, and emails to measure the popularity of our features and services. Pixel tags are invisible graphics used to access cookies and track user activities (such as how many times a page is viewed).
Mobile Device IDs
If you use the Service through our mobile applications, we use mobile device IDs (i.e., the unique identifier assigned to a device by the manufacturer), or Advertising IDs (for iOS 6 and later), instead of cookies, to recognize you. We do this to store your preferences and track your use of our app. Data analytics companies also use device IDs to track information about the application usage.
We may allow service providers, advertising companies and ad networks, and other third parties to display ads on our Service. These companies may use tracking technologies such as cookies (sometimes called DoubleClick cookies), web beacons, or mobile device IDs to collect information about users who view or interact with their ads.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use the information that we collect about you to
provide and improve our products and services, and manage our business;
manage your account, provide you with customer support, and respond to your requests/inquiries;
perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our or others’ products, services, or content;
communicate with you by email, telephone, push notification, and/or other means about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or other third parties;
develop, display, and track content and advertising tailored to your interests on our Service and other sites, including providing our ads to you when you visit other sites;
website or mobile application analytics;
verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes;
handle job applications;
enforce or exercise any rights in our
Terms of Service
; and
perform functions or services as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.
In all circumstances, we may perform these functions directly or use a third-party vendor to perform these functions on our behalf who will be obligated to use your Personal Information only to perform services for us.
With Whom We Share Your Information
We will not share your Personal Information with others except as indicated in this Privacy Policy or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your Personal Information shared. We may share your information with:
Other Users of Our Service
We may share your Personal Information with other users of our Service in order to provide the Service. For example, if your friends in the Service visit your profile page, they may see your name and some of your activities, and vice versa, to get value from the Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services, and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose Personal Information for any other purpose.
Advertising Partners
If we advertise, we or third-party (behavioral) advertising partners may use certain data collected on our Service to show you our ads on other sites or applications.
We also may disclose your Personal Information in the following situations:
Compliance with Laws
We do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.
Enforcing Proper Use
We do so when we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud, or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; or to enforce our
Terms of Service
or other agreements or policies.
Business Transaction
If AppFinca Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, your Personal Information may be transferred as a business asset. In such cases, we will provide notice before your Personal Information is transferred and/or becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
We also may share aggregated, non-personal information, or personal information in hashed, non-human readable form, with third parties, including advisors, advertisers, and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis or other business purposes.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure, and you should not expect the absolute security of your Personal Information.
Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure channels such as email. Please refer to the
Federal Trade Commission’s website
for information about how to protect yourself against identity theft.
Where Information Is Processed
Our information processing facilities are based in the United States. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information for us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to—and maintained on—computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
Your Choices About Collection and Use
If you have a Flora account, you have the ability to review and update your Personal Information within the Service. You can delete the Content you have posted by either following the instructions in the Service or submitting requests via email to
eraser@flora.appfinca.com
. Content you delete will be hidden or anonymized from other users. However, we may maintain a copy of such Content in our records. Please be aware that while information can be hidden or anonymized, it may not be possible to completely remove the information (such as when the Content is jointly created by multiple users) and that there still may be unwanted effects (such as when others had already seen the Content). So we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your Personal Information.
If you wish to back-up the whole or part of your Content, you will need to do so yourself. We do not undertake the obligation of backing-up user content.
You also have control over the collection and use of your Personal Information in the following areas of our Service:
Push Notifications
We may send push notifications or alerts to your device. You can deactivate these notifications at any time by changing the notification settings on your device.
Location Information
You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at anytime, through your device settings.
Cookies
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies, or to notify you when receiving a new cookie. If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
To opt-out of cookies that may be set by the third-party advertising services who serve ads on our Service, please visit the
Network Advertising Initiative’s choise page
. Please be aware that opting out will not decrease the number of ads you see, if any, on our Service.
To opt-out of cookies that may be set by third-party data or advertising partners who display our ads, please go to
Digital Advertising Alliance’s Choice
page.
Mobile Device IDs
Unlike cookies, mobile device IDs cannot be deleted, but if you are using iPhone with iOS 6 or later, you can reset your Advertising ID in “Settings” on your iPhone.
Communications
We may send you newsletters, marketing, or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you through email or our mobile application. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we sent or by contacting us via
canspam@flora.appfinca.com
.
Do Not Track Disclosure
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third-party’s site. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. So, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
Children’s Privacy
Only persons aged 13 or older have permission to access our Service. Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us via email at
coppa@flora.appfinca.com
. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a children under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
To protect persons aged between 13 and 18 (“Minors”), we may put special safeguards in place, recognizing this may provide Minors with a more limited experience on our Service. Minors can have their Content hidden (or anonymized) from other users by either following the instructions in our Service or submitting requests via email to
eraser@flora.appfinca.com
.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the Effective Date set forth above and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time, so please be sure to check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either by placing a prominent notice on this page, or through our mobile application.
Contact Us
If you have any question about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at
support@flora.appfinca.com
.