Movavi Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 24, 2024.
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected, processed, or stored by Movavi online stores, via the Sites (as hereinafter defined) and via Movavi’s desktop, web, and mobile applications and describes the extent of collection and use of personal information by Movavi Software Limited (hereinafter – MOVAVI, we, or us). Except as otherwise stated herein, MOVAVI is a data controller of personal information processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy. MOVAVI has the greatest respect for your privacy and gives special attention to the confidentiality of information submitted to us when you visit our websites (current and future websites, owned or operated by MOVAVI, and/or for which MOVAVI currently or in the future provides services and/or products, hereinafter – the Site or Sites) or otherwise communicate or interact with us.
1. General provisions
1.1. This document, the MOVAVI Privacy Policy (hereinafter – the Policy), contains our policies and provisions concerning the information collected about you by MOVAVI.
1.2. By visiting our Site, using our services, and downloading, installing, and using the MOVAVI software (hereinafter – the Applications), you accept all terms and conditions of this Policy.
1.3. This Policy is a part of a body of documents that sets terms and conditions of use of the Site and of the Applications. Other documents defining the relationship between you and MOVAVI are the
Terms of Use
and the
End User License Agreement
(hereinafter – EULA), along with any additional terms that could be applicable to your use of our products and/or services.
1.4. Unless defined otherwise by this Policy, all terms and definitions used herein shall have the meaning defined in the Terms of Use and EULA.
1.5. This Policy, including its construction, method of adoption, performance, amendments, and termination, is subject to the legislation of the Republic of Cyprus.
2. Information we collect
2.1. We may collect information, including personal information, about you when you provide it to us, when you use our Sites, products, and services, and when other sources provide it to us, as further described below. Personal information means information that can be associated with a specific individual.
2.2. We process the following categories of personal information:
Information provided directly by you
Information received from other sources
Information collected automatically
Information provided directly by you
Account and user information
. We collect information about you when you register an account, create or modify user information, and/or provide any other related information to access or use our Sites, products, or services. For example, you provide your email address when you register an account on our Site. You also have the option of adding a new email address and your country to your account information. If you use our Sites, products, or services, we may also process, without limitation, the following information: name (pseudonym or nickname), telephone number (e.g., in cases when you request individual technical support or assistance), and information about your purchases and activation of the Applications (preference categories and other types of preference-related advertising).
Information you provide by filling out specific forms
. MOVAVI also processes personal information you provide by filling out specific forms. For example, when downloading a trial version of an Application from the Site, subscribing to email newsletters, contacting MOVAVI for technical support or via feedback forms, etc., MOVAVI may set out the requirements for the information that is essential to provide the user with our products or services. For instance, for technical support purposes you may be asked to provide your contact information, a description of the problem you are experiencing, and documentation, screenshots, or information that would be helpful in resolving the issue. If some information is not marked by MOVAVI as essential, you may submit or disclose such information at your own discretion.
Commercial and payment information
. If you purchase our products or services, we may process the following information: your name, email address, your country, state, city, postal code, information about your purchases, payment methods, payment currencies, and other payment data. If you use a credit card to purchase a MOVAVI product, the credit card number is encrypted as it passes over the Internet. Cardholder data is not kept in or recorded by MOVAVI, it is simply transferred to your bank, credit card company, and payment-processing company. In this respect, an online credit card purchase is similar to a credit card purchase at any store. Information about you such as name, email address, your country, state, city, postal code, and purchased product or service is retained by MOVAVI for further delivery and/or registration of the product or service.
Information received from other sources
Information received from distributors or partners
. We may obtain personal information about you from our distributors or partners, for example, if you purchase the products or services through one of these partners. The personal information we may receive include business contact information, including name, surname, job titles, and email addresses. Please note that MOVAVI acts as a processor with respect to the information received from distributors or partners.
Information received from Business administrators
. We may obtain personal information about you from Business administrators, for example, if the Business would like to share its license rights with you, such Business may provide us with your email so that we can grant you the foregoing rights.
Information received from payment processors
. When you save your credit card information, it is saved on the respective payment processor's servers and the payment processor gives Movavi a token that you can reuse for future payments. It is not possible to reconstruct your credit card information from the token. For due performance of our tax obligations and for subscription renewal, we may only obtain the following information from our payment processors: the last 4 digits of the credit card associated with your purchase, the country of the bank that issued the card, the network, and expiration month and year.
Information collected automatically
Device and usage information
. For website personalization, conducting research and for improvement of our Site and Applications, we gather information about the devices you use to access our Sites (desktop and mobile) and other information about you when you visit and interact with any of our Sites or Applications; this may include the IP address and other geolocation data, browser type and version, operating system, and system language, referring website, time of access, traffic source, hardware model and other device-specific information, unique device identifiers, statistical information about your actions on the Site and Application use, information about the data that is being sent and received via the Application, and other device and usage information.
This information may be collected and/or processed using the services of third parties, such as:
Analytics services
Social network plugins
Other systems and services that use and process such data
Cookies and similar technologies.
We and our third-party service providers and partners, such as our advertising and analytics service providers and partners, use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., device identifiers, web beacons, and pixels) to provide functionality and to recognize you across different services and devices. For example, we use:
Google Analytics
. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help analyze how visitors use the Site. The information generated by the cookies is transmitted to and stored by Google. Google Analytics helps us understand the use of our Site by visitors. Because Google Analytics requires cookies to function, users who wish to avoid tracking by Google Analytics while on our Site can disable cookies in their browser. By using this Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For more information about how Google uses data, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Google Optimize
. We use Google Optimize cookies to test and analyze how audiences interact with our Site. We do this to make informed decisions about how to provide a better experience for our visitors.
Google Tag Manager
. We use Google Tag Manager, a tag management system that allows us to quickly and easily update tracking codes and related code fragments collectively known as “tags” on our Site and mobile Applications.
Criteo
. We use Criteo to display interest-based advertising within the Criteo advertising network. To display interest-based advertising, Criteo uses cookies and other usage data that does not identify users directly. The Criteo privacy policy and opt-out possibility information are available at
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
.
Hotjar.
Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand the user experience (e.g., how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what they do and do not like, etc.) and enables us to build, maintain, and improve our service using user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users' behavior and their devices – in particular their device's IP address (captured and stored only in an anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our Site. Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor MOVAVI will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.
Outbrain
. We use Outbrain Inc. to place our advertising campaigns on the web, and we embed Outbrain’s pixel on our Site to collect analytics about internet users who interact with our campaigns. For more information about Outbrain’s privacy policy, please visit
https://www.outbrain.com/privacy/
.
Cookiebot CMP
. We use Cookiebot Consent Management Platform (CMP) to facilitate compliance with EU legislation concerning the use of cookies and similar technologies on our website, to help us obtain from you the relevant consents to the use of cookies and to make it possible for you to withdraw your consent as easy as you gave it.
For more information, including information on how to disable cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
3. Use of information we collect
3.1.
MOVAVI uses personal information for the following purposes:
Execution and performance of the agreements with you
Registration of your account
Personalization of products and special offers
Identification of you in the course of fulfilling MOVAVI’s obligations under our agreements with you
Communication with you for the purposes of informational support and improvement of the Applications, including notification through third parties
Improvement of the Site and Applications
Distribution of advertising materials from MOVAVI and/or third parties among users as the targeted audience
Targeting of advertising and/or informational materials
Conducting marketing, analytical, and other research based on automatically collected information
Verification of accounts and activity, detection, prevention, and responding to potential or actual security incidents and monitoring and protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity
Compliance with legal requirements
3.2. MOVAVI may share personal information with service providers as described below within the limits of the purposes listed above.
3.3. If the information submitted by you contains personal information, by using our Site, services, or products or by providing personal information to us, you freely and voluntarily grant MOVAVI written informed consent to process that data for the purposes defined by this Policy. This includes any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. This consent may be revoked at any time by
submitting a request
to our Support Team.
4. Privacy Policy principles
Our Privacy Policy is based on the following principles:
We process your data exclusively for the purposes and according to the methods provided when the data was collected.
We use the collected data only for purposes specified herein.
We let third parties access the provided data exclusively for the purposes specified herein.
We respond to requests for canceling, changing, or adding to the data provided.
We ensure proper and lawful data management.
We safeguard your privacy and apply appropriate security measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the data provided.
5. Sharing your information
5.1. We share information we collect about you in the ways discussed below.
Service Providers
. We share your personal information with third-party service providers that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support and market our Sites, Applications, and services. Following our instructions, these parties may process your personal information in the course of providing the relevant services to us. Third-party service providers only have access to the personal information they need to perform those services. In particular, we use third-party service providers of payment processing, fraud prevention, crash reporting services, analytics services, marketing services, advertising services, email communication and customer support services, and hosting and other information technology services.
Partners.
We may share your information with our partners that help us to drive traffic to our Sites or otherwise promote our Applications and services.
Business administrators
. If you are using the Application activation key that is provided to you by a Business or if you were invited to use the MOVAVI Site, services, and products by a Business, we may provide your email, Application activation information, Application use status (last use date) and operating system information to the relevant Business administrators for license management purposes.
Affiliates
. We may share your personal information with other companies under common ownership or control with MOVAVI. These companies use your personal information as described in this Policy.
Business transfers
. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of all or a portion of our assets, or transition of a service to another provider, your personal information and other information may be transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction.
Compelled disclosure.
We reserve the right to use or disclose your personal information if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process.
Others
. We may share your personal information in other ways if you have asked us to do so or have given consent. For example, with your consent, we post user testimonials that may identify you.
5.2. These transfers will be typically based on our legitimate interest or agreed upon in the contract.
5.3. If you prefer that we not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, please
contact our Support Team
.
6. Retention of personal information
If we collect your personal information, the length of time we retain it is determined by a number of factors, including the purpose for which we use that information and our obligations under applicable laws, but no longer than it is reasonably necessary in light of the purposes set out above. We may need your personal information to establish, bring, or defend legal claims. For this purpose, we retain your personal information for 7 years after the date it is no longer needed by us for any transactions, fulfilling contract purposes or marketing communications.
7. Your consent to receive information from MOVAVI
7.1. Our Site and Applications offer news and information regarding our products by subscription, including email newsletters. If you decide to subscribe to these services, you may be asked to provide your email address. By doing so, you agree to receive emails from MOVAVI with information about updates and any other information related to the Applications as well as other types of information from MOVAVI, including advertisements. We may use the information you provide to help develop content that is relevant to our users. You are free to cancel your subscription(s) at any time.
7.2. Where required by law we will only send you marketing information if you consent to us doing so at the time you provide us your personal information. You may opt out of receiving such emails by following the instructions in each promotional email we send you.
7.3. To cancel your subscription, follow the instructions at the bottom of the emails or email us at
privacy@movavi.com
and request the deletion of your data from our mailing list. In this case, MOVAVI will keep your personal information in its database but will not contact you unless you change your mind on this issue.
8. Protection of your information
8.1. MOVAVI stores information about users and takes the appropriate organizational and technical security measures to protect that information from unauthorized access and disclosure in compliance with internal rules and procedures (including GDPR).
8.2. We maintain administrative and technical safeguards for the protection of personal information. These safeguards include, without limitation, the following:
Administrative safeguards
: Access to personal information about users is limited to authorized personnel who have a legitimate need to know it based on their job descriptions – for example, employees who provide technical support to end users. All such data is subject to password protection. In the case of third-party contractors who process personal information on our behalf, similar requirements are imposed.
Technical safeguards
: Access to user information in our database via the Internet is not permitted except through an encrypted virtual private network (VPN). Other access is limited to our physical premises; the removal of personal information from our location is forbidden. Third-party contractors who process personal information on our behalf agree to provide reasonable physical safeguards.
8.3. If you create an account, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password for that account.
9. Your rights
Under data protection law as the data subject, you have rights we need to make you aware of. The rights available to you depend on our reason for collecting and processing your information.
Right of access
. You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information. This right always applies. However, there are some exceptions, when you may not always receive all the information we process about you.
Right to rectification
. You have a right to ask us to correct or complete your personal information if you find that it is inaccurate or incomplete. If we share your personal information with others, we will ask them to correct or complete it as soon as it is possible.
Right to erasure
. You may ask us to delete your personal information in certain circumstances, for example, if your personal information is no longer needed for its processing or if you want to withdraw your consent. If we share your personal information with others, we will notify them that they need to erase your information where it is possible.
Right to restriction of processing
. You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your data in cases determined by law.
Right to object to processing
. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information, under certain conditions.
Right to data portability
. You have the right to request that we transfer the information that we have collected to another organization or directly to you, under certain conditions.
Right to withdraw a consent
. If we rely on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, but this will not affect any processing of your data that has already taken place.
Right to make a complaint with a supervisory authority
. We work to high standards when it comes to processing your personal information. If you have queries or concerns, please contact us at
privacy@movavi.com
and we’ll respond. If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we handle your personal information, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns.
Right to non-discrimination
. We will not discriminate against you (e.g., through denying provision of products or services or providing a different level or quality of products or services) for exercising any of the rights available to you.
10. Other important privacy information
Sensitive information
. MOVAVI does not collect sensitive personal information such as sexual preferences, religion, political views, health conditions, or other sensitive personal information. We will not request it from you, and neither do we need it.
Data on children
. Persons under the age of 13, or any higher minimum age in the jurisdiction where that person resides, should not provide us with personal information unless they have the verifiable permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s). Our Site, products, and services are not intended for children under the age of 13 or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children but, if a parent, guardian, or anyone else believes that a child has submitted personal information to us and would like us to delete that information, they may contact us at
privacy@movavi.com
.
International transfers of personal information
. We collect information globally and may transfer, process, and store your information outside of your country of residence, to wherever we or our third-party service providers operate for the purpose of providing you our products and services. Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps to protect it. To facilitate our global operations, we transfer information globally and allow access to that information from countries in which MOVAVI owned or operated companies have operations for the purposes described in this Policy. These countries may have data protection laws less stringent than or otherwise different from the laws in effect in the country in which you are located. Moreover, some of the third parties described in this Policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. Where we transfer your personal data as described above, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data receives adequate security protection where it is processed and your rights continue to be protected pursuant to the applicable data protection law, including through the use of Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission. If you would like to receive more information on the safeguards that we implement as described above, please contact us as indicated below.
Third-party websites
. The Site and Applications may contain links to third-party websites. When the user follows these links, the user leaves the Site/Application, so MOVAVI takes no responsibility for the safety of user data during the use of third-party websites. Such websites may have their own privacy policy setting out the rules of collection and storage of user data. This Policy does not cover the data that is submitted to, stored, or used by third-party websites. We recommend that you carefully review the privacy policy of such third parties when using their websites. MOVAVI is not responsible for the use of your data by any third parties that you interact with in the course of using the Site or Application.
YouTube API
. Some Applications, e.g., Movavi Video Editor and Movavi Slideshow Maker, use the YouTube API to be able to add content to your YouTube channel. Via YouTube API we may collect user YouTube public video IDs for conducting research and improving our Site, Applications, and services. The full text of the terms of use can be found at
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
. The Google LLC Privacy Policy (YouTube service provider) can be found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
. In addition to the normal procedure for deleting stored data, you can revoke access to your data at any time using the Google security settings page at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
.
Google AdSense
. We use Google AdSense to provide advertisements to our users based on previous visits to our Site and other Sites on the Internet. Users can opt out of this by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy and adjusting their preferences.
AppsFlyer
. Our mobile applications are analyzed using technologies from AppsFlyer Inc. Various session and interaction data are collected from you and stored for this purpose. We need this information to improve the content and usability of our Applications and to optimize the user experience for you. The session and interaction data are at no time processed in a personalized form but under a pseudonym.
MailChimp
. We use MailChimp for newsletter and marketing emails. Through MailChimp, we track emails, including who opens the emails and who clicks on which link. For more information, please read Mailchimp’s
Global Privacy Statement
.
Yahoo Gemini
. We use Yahoo Gemini to place digital advertisements on Yahoo in order to provide up-to-date information to past Site visitors.
11.
Amendments
11.1.
This Policy may be amended or canceled by MOVAVI at its own discretion without prior notification of the user. We recommend that you regularly read the latest version of the Policy.
11.2. A new version of the Policy is effective from the moment of its publication unless specified otherwise by such new version of the Policy.
The currently effective version of the Policy is available on MOVAVI’s Site at
https://www.movavi.com/privacy.html
.
11.3. We value your trust and are always prepared to answer your questions about the handling of your personal information. If you have any questions or concerns, contact our Support Team.
12.
Registered office
Movavi Software Limited
Office 201, 3 Krinou Street, Agios Athanasios Municipality, 4103 Limassol, Cyprus.
Join us for discounts, editing tips, and content ideas
1.5M+ users already subscribed to our newsletter
Email
Sign Up
By signing up, I agree to receive marketing emails from Movavi and agree to
Movavi's Privacy Policy
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Sub-policy 1
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/:
What does 2025 have in store for retail media? Check out the new “10 Trends” report.
Download the report
Platform
Back
Back
Platform
Advertising & monetization for marketers and media owners
Commerce Media Platform
The connected commerce media environment for the open internet
Commerce Growth
For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention
Commerce Max
For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet
Commerce Grid
For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic
Commerce Yield
For retailers, marketplaces & commerce companies looking to control, scale, and maximize digital asset monetization
Back
Technology
Commerce-focused tech that maximizes outcomes
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
AI Engine
Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs
Predictive Bidding
Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money
Product Recommendations
Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales
Shopper Graph
Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns
Solutions
Back
Back
Performance Media
Digital advertising solutions for every stage of the shopper journey
Customer Acquisition
Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet
Customer Retention
Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you
Dynamic Retargeting
Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads
Audiences
Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset
Video Advertising
Drive discovery and engagement with online video
Contextual Advertising
Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data
Back
Retail Media
Activation & monetization solutions for brands, agencies, and retailers
Retail Media
Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale
Resources
Back
Back
General
Insights, education, Criteo updates, and more
Resource Center
Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy
Blog
Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising
Success Stories
How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo
Consumer Trends
The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories
Glossary
Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
Help Center
FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns
Events
See where Criteo will be next
Back
Creative Formats
Ad formats and a gallery of real-world ad examples
Digital Ad Formats
Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more
Ad Gallery
Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions
Dynamic Creative Optimization+
Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen
About
Back
Back
About
Company
Get to know Criteo
Investors
Information for investors
In the News
Press releases and mentions
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our DEI pillars, goals, and more
Sustainability
Our approach for a sustainable future
Product Ethics
How we ensure ethical advertising
Trust Center
Our ad ethics, privacy, and security practices
Careers
Explore open opportunities
Search for:
Search
Select your Language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português
Pусский
한국어
中文
日本語
English
My Account
Contact Sales
Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Disable Criteo services on Internet browsers
Disable Criteo services on mobile applications
How we use your data
How Criteo services work across environments
Your rights
Our partners
CCPA Privacy Policy
Welcome! This is where you can learn about Criteo, the technologies and services we offer to our partners, and our data collection and privacy policies.
Disable Criteo services
Our activity
Criteo helps brands, e-commerce sites and other advertisers (“Advertisers”) promote their products and services. We do that by enabling Advertisers to tailor their campaigns and/or offers to audiences that they want to reach with content that they wish to promote, which in turns means that you may receive advertising that may be of interest to you on the websites, mobile applications and other platforms of our partners (the “Publishers” or “Partners”).
How do our services work?
Criteo does not use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc.
When you browse an Advertiser’s website or mobile application that uses our technologies, that technology allows us to collect a limited amount of data relating to your browsing, such as the products you have viewed, put in your shopping cart and purchased.
Find out more about the type of data collected by Criteo
. This navigation data is linked to a unique identifier, namely an identification cookie or any other similar technology (such as mobile advertising identifiers and non-cookie technologies) depending on your navigation environment.
When you browse a Publisher’s website or mobile application that also uses our technologies, the Publisher notifies us, either directly or through an advertiser exchange, that an advertising space is available to offer you personalized advertising. The Criteo technology, working with our Advertisers, then may decide to purchase that advertising space.
The advertising you see from our partners when using our technology is based on our recommendation algorithms.
Practical example
Here is one way our technology allows us to provide you with ads that may be of interest to you:
When users visit an Advertiser website using our technologies, data relating to their browsing events are collected.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
The user with the cookie identifier 123f94d8-a745-4f8b-a1d0-bf6fbbd60058 (let’s name it “Criteo ID 123” for convenience) viewed product A on 01/01/2018 at 13:37 while browsing www.example-advertiser.com.
Our technologies compare these data with the aggregated data available on the Advertiser’s website.
Example of aggregated data available:
In general, users who purchased Product A on www.example-advertiser.com also purchased Product B on this website
In general, Product C is popular on this website
When users browse a Publisher website, we are informed of the availability of advertising spaces.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
An advertising space with the following characteristics (size, visibility, etc.) is available on www.example-publisher.com that the Criteo ID 123 is about to browse
Then our algorithms determine the relevance for buying the advertising space and displaying a personalized ad on it.
Example of decision that would be taken by Criteo: Buy the advertising space available on www.example-publisher.com and display an ad featuring the following products:
Product A, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 showed interest in it during a recent session
Product B, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 is likely to be interested in this product since he/she has viewed product A during a recent session
Product C, because this product is popular.
If you disable Criteo services, we will not display any personalized ads to you. On the other hand, the advertising space may be purchased by another company to display personalized or non-personalized ads. If you want to disable Criteo services,
click here
.
Please note that the use of our technologies on our partners’ websites and mobile applications is governed by their privacy policies, which can be accessed directly from their websites and/or mobile applications. We require them to provide you with complete and appropriate information and, to the extent required by law, to obtain your consent before any of your personal information is available to us.
Our technologies are able to work in a similar fashion:
on a webpage by relying on cookies, which are supported by most web browsers;
on a mobile application by relying on the mobile advertising ID provided by mobile operating system vendors (e. g. Google and Apple);
on an browser which default settings limit the use of third-party cookies and inter-site tracking, such as Safari, if you provide consent for our services to co-exist with these default settings;
and in a transversal way between the different environments listed above. Find out more about
how our services work from one environment to another (“cross-device linking”)
.
In order to provide you with ads that are better tailored to your interests, we may receive and process audience and segments information derived from the data you accepted to share with trusted third party partners. These partners may send us information regarding your shopping habits (e.g. interested in clothing, furniture or electronics), the points of interest that are near you based on non-precise geolocation information (e.g. stores that are geographically close to you) or the products you have been purchasing in a brick and mortar store of the advertisers that are using our services to manage their online marketing campaigns. In such case, Criteo will only process geolocation information and identifiers (such as cookie IDs and Mobile Advertising IDs) that do not allow us to know who you are.
We believe that the personalization of ads is beneficial to you and the Internet ecosystem in that it contributes to the promotion of a free and open Internet by allowing Publishers to monetize the content they create, while allowing you to benefit from ads that may be more interesting to you than non-personalized ads that would be displayed to you.
Our privacy pillars
We have developed our services and technologies taking great care to respect your privacy.
Data minimisation
We undertake never to use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc. Without ever being able to identify you personally, our technologies are able to recognize your devices and/or browsers on the basis of an identifier consisting of a series of characters (identifier contained in a cookie or other). However, these data are qualified as personal data by European regulations and personal information by Californian law. As such, they are the subject of our greatest vigilance in terms of security and respect for your privacy.
Privacy by design
Our product teams develop every feature with privacy in mind; it’s the cornerstone of Privacy by Design, Criteo’s long-standing practice and commitment to ensuring industry-leading privacy, security and safety for consumers and marketers.
Key elements include:
As required by the GDPR, we have had a designated Data Privacy Officer since 2013 along with a team of privacy experts.
These experts sit within the Product and R&D organization. They perform ongoing Privacy Impact Assessments to monitor potential risks during the product lifecycle and proactively mitigate those risks.
The Data Privacy team delivers company-wide privacy training, enforces codes of conduct, and is integral to ensuring that we build best-in-class products and services.
We regularly review and document our internal policies, amend existing privacy policies as necessary, and enforce these policies with our partners and vendors.
Criteo's commitments
Our ads do not require:
To collect data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, your postal address, or your email address in plain text.
To collect sensitive information (such as religion, political opinion, health or sexual orientation …) to create segments or target ads to users. For the sole purpose of serving ads on a Publisher’s properties that could possibly reveal sensitive information (eg. a medical website), we may collect the URL of the website or the name of the mobile application.
To collect irrevocable identifiers, such as the hardware identifiers of the devices you use (UDID or MAC address, etc.).
To collect data related to your precise geolocation in real time.
Criteo supports industry initiatives for greater transparency in personalized advertising
Criteo has been involved from an early stage in initiatives to promote greater transparency and user control over personalized advertising.
Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) self-regulatory principles for online behavioural advertising
and is integrated on the
DAA’s “YourAdChoices” unsubscription platform
, which gives you the opportunity to express your online advertising choices to all its participants, including your desire to disable their services.
European Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
self-regulatory principles of the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
. The Criteo Dynamic Retargeting service has been independently certified by the EDAA for data protection.
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Criteo respects the
self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
and is present on the
DAAC’s unsubscribe platform “YourOnlineChoices”
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all its stakeholders, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
Network Advertising Initiative
Criteo adheres to the
codes of conduct of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
and is integrated with the
NAI unsubscription platform
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all the players involved, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
IAB Europe
Criteo participates in the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Criteo’s identification number within the framework is 91.
Criteo imposes a high level of requirements on its partners
We contractually require that the Advertisers and Publishers with whom we work to comply with the
Criteo Advertising Guidelines
and
Supply Partner Guidelines
, as well as with the various regulations applicable to the protection of personal data, and in particular the GDPR.
By using the Criteo Services, they undertake, where the applicable regulations require it:
to include on their websites and mobile applications the appropriate notice and information, allowing users to know more about our services and to object to them through this notice; and
to collect the consent of users prior to the placement of cookies or any similar technology for the purpose of displaying personalized advertisements.
In order to help our partners meet their legal and contractual obligations, we regularly share industry best practices with them.
Google’s Privacy Sandbox
We participate in testing the Google Privacy Sandbox, a set of technologies to enable digital advertising without using third-party cookies in Google Chrome. With your consent, and as part of the testing, Criteo may store and access data on your device or browser, including by setting new cookies, that
relates to your web browsing interests and to ad measurement. In accordance with applicable data protection laws, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time on this
page
. For more information about the Google Privacy Sandbox please see
https://privacysandbox.com/
.
Your data, your choice
Understand my rights
in relation to my personal data.
Learn more about
how we use your data
.
Disable Criteo services
.
Contact us
.
Changes to our privacy policy
Please note that we may update or change this privacy policy. If we revise our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and to other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective.
Last updated : 11/03/2022
Criteo Trend Tracker
Data & Insights to Know and Share
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Statistics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Preference Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
33Across
host description
View Cookies
Name
cookie name
This website uses cookies
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
more information
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All
Sub-policy 2
https://www.outbrain.com/privacy/:
Outbrain and Teads
Close Agreement to Merge
Learn More
Privacy Center
Download
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated 30 October 2023
Outbrain is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) governs Outbrain’s use of data collected by us, including any and all personal data. Personal data is information that relates to you and may identify you as an individual. We use your personal data in line with all applicable laws. To ensure compliance and to align with Outbrain’s values around trust and transparency we have a team of privacy champions responsible for continuously implementing our global privacy program.
1. Who we are, What we do, How you can contact Outbrain, our DPO or the relevant authorities
Who we are:
This privacy policy applies to Outbrain Inc., a Delaware, USA corporation with headquarters in New York; and its affiliated subsidiaries (collectively, “Outbrain,” or “we“, “us“, “our“). We operate in various offices around the world and we partner with publishers and marketers across the globe.
Please note that Outbrains’ subsidiary Outbrain DSP (formerly Zemanta) Inc has a separate Privacy Policy, which can be found
here
.
What we do:
Outbrain’s mission is to serve interesting recommendations to you based on what we believe are your interests. To achieve our mission we enter into agreements with:
online publishers and partners who want to recommend relevant content to their readers (this is
Outbrain Engage
);
advertisers who want readers to view their content (this is
Outbrain Amplify
); and
third party partners who help us serve relevant recommendations.
For further information on our Amplify (advertiser) services see
here
and our Engage (publisher) services see
here
.
How to contact us:
We regularly review our compliance with this Privacy Policy. Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed in the first instance to
privacy@outbrain.com
or by mail to
Outbrain Inc., 111 West 19th Street, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10011, USA, Attn: Privacy Questions
.
If Outbrain does not satisfactorily answer your questions or concerns, you may also contact the following for advice, support or complaints:
Outbrain’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@outbrain.com
; and/or
the
Information Commissioner’s Office
, which is Outbrain’s lead supervisory authority within the European Territories.
2. Alliances and Adherence
We adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles set forth by the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA) and the
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA);
We are members in good standing of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI), an association dedicated to responsible data collection and its use for digital advertising as well as the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
(DAAC) AdChoices Program. We also adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct for Web and Mobile. Outbrain also adheres to the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s (IAB) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, and the IAB Europe OBA Framework; and
We are also TAG Brand Safety Certified
here
.
3. Outbrain User Types (including Opt Out Options)
Much of this Privacy Policy is divided into sections based on the way you may interact with Outbrain. You are either a Site Visitor, a User and/or a Business Partner (as defined below). Please determine what user type you are. For each user type we’ve explained what information we collect and why, what cookies and other similar technologies we use, how we share such information and your rights.
Site Visitors:
You are a Site Visitor when you visit and interact with our web sites, web pages, interactive features, blogs and their respective contents at Outbrain.com (or any derivation, such as Outbrain.co.uk; Outbrain.fr; outbrain.de etc.) (“
Our Sites
“).
See more here.
(a) What information we collect and why
We want to understand what services on Our Sites interest you and we want to remind you about the services we offer when you are not on Our Sites. In order to do this, we collect the following information from your device: (i) IP address; (ii) User Agent data: device type (e.g., iPhone), browser type (e.g., Chrome), operating system (e.g., iOS); (iii) the pages visited on Our Sites (e.g., the Outbrain “About” page); (iv) the time of visit (and corresponding time zone); and (v) referring URLs and other information normally transmitted in HTTP requests (e.g. information telling us how you arrived on Our Sites).
In addition, we may also collect your name and email address if you agree to send your details to us via Our Sites (e.g., by signing up to receive our newsletter).
(b) What cookies and other similar technologies we use
Please see this
Cookie Table
, which is updated from time to time, under the section “Site Visitors” for a detailed list of first and third party cookies (and their corresponding retention periods) that may be used when you visit Our Sites.
(c) How we may share information
Sharing Information we learn about you on Our Sites
We do not sell and/or share personal data about you with third parties for third party marketing or advertising purposes. We may use various third parties (each listed on the
Cookie Table
) to help us market or advertise to you. We require that these third parties and companies agree to comply with all applicable data protection laws, keep all information shared with them confidential and to use the information only to perform their obligations to us. We do this by entering into agreements with all third parties who process personal data. If you post on our blog, your comment and information will be publicly available. Please contact
support@outbrain.com
to remove your comment.
Using Third Party Services on Our Sites
Our Sites contain links to other websites that we do not own or operate. We do not control, recommend or endorse the content, products, services, privacy policies or practices of these third party websites. For example, on Our Sites you will notice clickable icons which take you to the Outbrain Facebook page or the Outbrain LinkedIn page. If you choose to click on these links, you should know that these sites are not owned or operated by Outbrain and therefore these third party websites may send their own cookies to your device and they may independently collect personal data. It is therefore important that you get familiar with the privacy policies of these third party websites.
Also see the
Sharing
section of this Privacy Policy.
(d) Your rights
Our
Terms of Use
govern your use of Our Sites and apply to you when you interact with Our Sites. You can stop using Our Sites at any time. If you do, you may also want to remove any cookies that we have placed on any device used to access Our Sites, you can do this via your browser. If during your use of Our Sites you provided your email address, any email you receive from Outbrain includes an “unsubscribe” option. In addition, you may also opt-out of direct marketing by emailing
support@outbrain.com
.
For Site Visitors in the European Territory, Outbrain has implemented a consent management platform (powered by
OneTrust
) on Our Sites that provides you with the opportunity to consent, or not consent, to cookies and similar tracking technologies. Upon accessing Our Sites, you will see a banner in the centre of the page with information about the cookies we use. You may click the banner to reject any cookies (for example, performance cookies or targeting cookies) that are not strictly necessary cookies (as defined in the Cookie Table). By pressing “I Accept” on the banner you are indicating your acceptance to cookies and similar tracking technologies. Outbrain’s lawful basis for processing personal data of European Territory Site Visitors on Our Sites is consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time by clicking this button:
Cookies Settings
. In respect of all other Site Visitors not located in European Territories, we rely on our legitimate interest for processing any personal data however, this does not preclude non-European Territory Site Visitors from withdrawing consent at any time via our consent management platform.
Users:
You are a User when you visit a page of a website or application of one of Outbrain’s partners where the Outbrain widget is installed or our recommendations are placed (“Partner Sites”). For example, if you visit
https://news.sky.com/uk
,
www.spiegel.de
or
www.cnn.com
, the Outbrain widget is implemented on those websites. You know you are engaging with an Outbrain widget when you see text referencing Outbrain (e.g., “Recommended by Outbrain”, “by Outbrain” near recommendations If you click on the hyperlinked reference to Outbrain you will see a
detailed notice
that enables you to navigate to
Outbrain’s Interest Portal
and this Privacy Policy where you can opt out of personalized recommendations. In some instances, a partner may have white-label Outbrain’s service for their own offering. In such an event, such partners must disclose their use of Outbrain in their privacy policies.
Example of an Outbrain Widget
See more here
.
(a) What information we collect and why
We use UUIDs, IP Address and other Usage Information so that we can serve interesting recommendations. Outbrain’s recommendations may be paid for by an advertiser linking you to a new website or they may be organic such that the link is to another page on the same Partner’s Site. Outbrain may use high-level health interest categories to serve recommendations, that you can find
here
.
UUID
When you, as a User, first visit a Partner Site (e.g., CNN.com), Outbrain drops a cookie on your device in order to generate a UUID. Alternatively, if you first interact with a Partner using that Partner’s application, Outbrain receives your advertiser ID which is assigned to you by your device. We catalogue and analyze the content you consume across Partner Sites. Our recommendations are based on: (i) a UUIDs browsing history; (ii) similar browsing patterns of other Users; (iii) recommendations that are generally popular with Outbrain’s audience at this time; (iv) some randomness, and (v) targeting requirements that may be provided or requested by our Amplify clients. As an example, Outbrain may know that UUID 123 (which could be you on your iPhone X on The Guardian using Chrome as your browser) likes to read about far away holiday destinations and that people who like to read about far away holiday destinations also like to read about exotic food. When you interact with Outbrain we do not collect traditional personal data from you, like your email address or name, therefore we cannot associate your name with your UUID (for example, we do not know that John Smith, who is also UUID 123, likes to read about far away holiday destinations).
The UUID is a sequence of numbers and/or letters. This UUID attaches itself to your device and varies depending on your browser combination. In other words, Outbrain records a different UUID depending on which device and/or which browser you use when accessing the Partner Sites. For example, you will have one UUID when you visit a Partner Site from your mobile phone using the browser Safari, and a different UUID when you visit a Partner Site from your iPad using the browser Safari. Outbrain will combine and consolidate a UUID from a mobile device (handheld or tablet) from a browser that then accesses an application (or vice versa) from that same device. Outbrain does not conduct cross device tracking and therefore cannot link a user interacting with Outbrain on their phone as the same user who is interacting with Outbrain on their desktop.
IP Address
In addition to your UUID, we recognise your IP address, which we translate into geolocation and delete the last octet in order to mask the identifying information. We then use this masked information, in conjunction with information we received from other trusted third party partners (such as MaxMind) to determine a broad understanding of where you are located (e.g., New York). Outbrain will still recognise your IP address even if you opt out of personalised tracking as this is necessary to continue serving you context-based recommendations however, in such instances your IP address is not associated with your UUID and would not form part of any user profile.
Other Usage Information
In addition to your UUID and IP address, we also collect the following information from you on (a) desktop and mobile web: (i) User Agent data: device type (e.g., iPhone), browser type (e.g., chrome), operating system (e.g. iOS); (ii) the pages visited; (iii) the time of visit; and (iv) referring URLs and other information normally transmitted in HTTP requests. The above statistical information provides us with information about how many Users visited a specific page on our Partner Sites on which the Outbrain widget is installed, how long each User stayed on that page, the type of content on that page they clicked on and how they generally engaged with that page; and (b) on applications (i) application version (as it appears in App Store or Play Store); (ii) application ID or package name (as it appears in the App Store or Play Store); (iii) operating system ( e.g. IOS or Android); (iii) operating system version; and (iv) device model (e.g. iPhone X).This information is considered personal data if Outbrain associates it with a UUID.
As Outbrain does not have a direct relationship with Users interacting with Partner Sites, Outbrain relies on its partners to determine the lawful basis upon which Outbrain can process personal data. Each partner site relies on either
(b) What cookies and other similar technologies we use
Outbrain cookies
Please see the
Cookie Table
under “Users” for a detailed list of the First Party Cookies we use when you interact with Partner Sites where the Outbrain technology is implemented.
Outbrain pixels
In addition to Outbrain’s visible widget on Partner Sites, certain Outbrain advertisers may implement the Outbrain pixel on their websites. The Outbrain pixel determines whether the User reaching the page where the pixel is installed has an Outbrain UUID in order to provide reporting to advertisers in respect of their particular campaign. If there is a UUID associated with such end user, Outbrain allows advertisers to either retarget those UUIDs and/or provides advertisers with the total number of Users (on an aggregated and anonymised basis) that reached a particular page (for example, an advertiser does not know that UUID1234 converted but only that 1 conversion took place). Outbrain does not pass its advertisers any personal data (including your UUID) or collect any further personal data via the pixel. Outbrain does not combine information received from the Outbrain pixel information with a UUID’s profile (for example, Outbrain only tracks that 1 conversion has taken place and not the UUID123 has converted when it reaches the advertiser’s chosen page). We require advertisers to disclose the usage of the Outbrain pixel on their own websites.Outbrain may also allow certain trusted third party partners to collect data via cookies delivered through the Outbrain widget. In such cases, Outbrain does not pass these third parties the data which Outbrain collects on its Users but allows such third parties to directly collect data (including personal data) via the widget for fraud and/or security purposes or in order to provide measurement information to advertisers (such as the number of conversions and/or impressions). Any such collection shall be governed by such third parties privacy policy.
Third party pixels
If you click on a link to one of our recommendations, the advertiser sponsoring the recommendation may place cookies (or third party cookies of third parties acting on the advertiser’s behalf) on your device either through redirects prior to arriving on the destination page of the recommendations or upon reaching the destination page. Such cookies are dropped for the purposes of providing analytics to the advertiser with regards to the advertiser’s campaign (for example, to see how many users viewed the advertiser’s campaign). We require our advertisers to disclose the use of third party pixels and/or cookies to end users via their website. As these cookies and/or pixels are added at the sole discretion of our advertisers you will be subject to that advertiser’s privacy notice and/or privacy policy.
Third Party Segments
Outbrain’s policy restricts targeting based on sensitive demographics like political views due to privacy concerns and the potential for bias. However, based on Outbrain’s third-party targeting options available to our advertisers, Outbrain may use third-party standard politics related segments
t
hat may indicate general political sentiment, interest in specific political issues, and political party affiliation. Outbrain does not knowingly create segments that are based upon what we consider to be sensitive information (for example, Personal Data revealing your racial or ethnic origin or your religious affiliations, or Personal Data concerning your sensitive health information, sex life or sexual orientation, or genetic or biometric data).
(c) How we may share information
Our Partners
Outbrain does not share and/or sell a User’s entire profiles with any third parties. However, we may share certain elements of a user profile (for example, UUID) with the following partners, including:
Brand safety, analytics and fraud partners;
Demand Side Platforms (DSP) and Supply Side Platforms (SSP);
Ad Exchanges and/or Networks; and
Demand Management Platforms.
Please see
here
for a list of some of our trusted partners. In addition, we may collect and/ or share some personal data with trusted partners by virtue of participating in the OpenRTB. Many of these partners are registered as IAB TCF Global Vendors and can be found
here
.
(d) Your rights
Outbrain opt out on desktop and mobile web
You may opt out of Outbrain’s personalized recommendations (or, if you have opted out and would like to opt back in) at any time by moving the toggle below. You may also opt out of personalized recommendations via Outbrain’s
Interest Profile
which is a website that provides a general visualization of the data Outbrain knows about you and may use to make its recommendations.
Outbrain opt out on apps
In order to opt-out of Outbrain’s recommendations on your mobile applications you can follow the steps below:
iOS Devices: Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Limit Ad Tracking
Android Devices: Google Settings App > Ads > Opt Out of Interest-based Advertising
Please note that an opt out via our Interest Profile and/or this Privacy Policy will not opt you out of personalised tracking on your applications. This opt out must be done via your device settings.
Additional Opt-Out Options
You may also opt out of receiving personalized ads served by us or other advertising companies through industry powered tools such as the NAI or the various DAA-based pages (DAA,
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
; DAAC,
www.youradchoices.ca/choices
, and/or EDAA
www.youronlinechoices.eu
). Visiting the NAI, DAA, DAAC, or EDAA consumer choice pages allows you to opt out of all some or all of the participating members’ services. Like Outbrain’s opt out, these opt outs do not mean you will no longer receive any advertising, the advertisements will just not be tailored to you. You will continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e.,
contextually based ads
). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit the DAA, DAAC or EDAA consumer choice pages, your opt out may not be effective as our opt out is cookie based.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Even though you have opted out of Outbrain’s personalised recommendations:
You will still see Outbrain recommendations.
Opting out of Outbrain personalization tracking does not mean you will no longer receive recommendations from Outbrain. Instead, it means that Outbrain’s recommendations will not be personalized (i.e. they will be context based recommendations).
Your opt out will be cookie based and device/browser specific.
If you browse the web from several devices and/or browsers, you will need to opt out from each device and/or browser to ensure that we prevent personalization tracking on all of them. For the same reason, if you buy a new device, change browsers or delete (or clear) the opt out cookie, you will need to opt-out again. Opting out of personalization tracking is not the same as blocking cookies.
You must not opt in to Outbrain for at least 21 days as the deletion of your profile is tied to your UUID
.
Your opt out from Outbrain’s personalized recommendations is effective immediately. However, if your browser permits local storage and you opt into Outbrain’s personalized recommendations (for example, by accepting a cookie banner) within 21 days of your opt out, it is possible your prior profile will be reconnected to your UUID. If you do not opt in within 21 days, your profile will be deleted and cannot be recovered.
As with most opt out cookies, the Outbrain browser opt out relies upon a cookie.
The opt-out cookie is intended to be persistent to honor the user’s preferences. However, the “Intelligent Tracking Prevention” feature in iOS11 may impact the persistence of cookies across websites post a 24 hour window. We suggest using another browser or considering blocking all 3rd party cookies from the browser so that you are “opted out” without needing to rely on any company’s actual opt out methodology.
Your local storage will not be cleared.
Even though you have opted out of Outbrain’s personalised recommendations your local storage will not be automatically cleared and therefore you need to clear this at a browser level in addition to your opt out.
Business Partners:
You are a Business Partner when you register (or email with Outbrain) on behalf of the company you work for to use the Outbrain Amplify or Outbrain Engage Services.
See more here
.
(a) What information we collect and why
You may provide certain personal data (such as email address) when you sign up for the Amplify or Engage services or otherwise communicate or interact with us. If you apply to become a Business Partner, we may request additional information from you via advertiser application forms, insertion orders and other forms. We automatically collect information about your username’s actions in the Outbrain dashboard. As an example, as an Amplify Business Partner if you change the cost-per-click for one your campaigns, Outbrain’s audit trail will have a record of all those actions.
We collect and process the personal data above in order to perform our obligations under our agreement as a Business Partner (or prospective Business Partner) with you including to:
respond to your questions and requests;
to provide you with access to certain functions and features of our Amplify or Engage services (e.g., to provide and maintain your dashboard account);
verify your identity; and
communicate with you about your account, our products, and available promotions relevant to your use of the Amplify or Engage service.
(b) What cookies and other similar technologies we use
Please see this
Cookie Table
under “Business Partners” for a detailed list of First and Third Party cookies (and their corresponding retention periods) we use with Business Partners.
(c) How we may share information with anyone
We may disclose certain Business Partner information to vendors, contractors, or others who assist Outbrain in delivering the services (e.g., credit card processing). Also see the
Sharing
section of this Privacy Policy.
(d) Your rights
If as a Business Partner you wish to verify, correct, update or request the deactivation of your information, you may go to the Outbrain dashboard in order to edit your profile preferences or contact us at
support@outbrain.com
. If you are receiving Outbrain emails, you may “unsubscribe” using a link in the email. Note that unsubscribing shall not opt you out of notifications critical to providing the Amplify or Engage services (e.g., email invoices).
(e) Lawful Basis
Outbrain’s lawful basis for processing personal data of Business Partners is contractual.
4. Security Measures, Transfers Outside the EEA, Sharing and Data Retention
Security
Outbrain has a dedicated security team. We maintain tight controls over the personal data we collect, retaining it in firewalled and secured databases with strictly limited and controlled access rights, to ensure it is secure. Please see our
security standards
for more information.
Business Partners have access to certain password-protected features of the Amplify or Engage service. Business Partners are responsible for keeping this password confidential and for ensuring the same for their employees and/or their agents. Please remember that, unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is never completely secure. A common Internet scam is known as “spoofing” or “phishing.” This occurs when you receive an email from what appears to be a legitimate source requesting personal data from you. Please be aware that we will not send you any emails requesting you to verify credit card, bank information, or any other personal data. If you ever receive an email that appears to be from us requesting such information from you, do not respond to it, and do not click on any links appearing in the email. Instead, please forward the email to us at
legal@outbrain.com
, as we will investigate instances of possible Internet fraud.
Data Transfers Outside the EU/EEA
When we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA) we will ensure such transfers are in compliance with relevant data protection laws, including, if applicable, EU Standard Contractual Clauses, or a European Commission positive adequacy decision under Article 25(6) of Directive 95/46/EC or Article 45 of the GDPR. In other words, your rights and protections remain with your data and we used approved contractual clauses and other measures designed to ensure that the recipients of your personal data protect it. Outbrain has in place the Standard Contractual Clauses between Outbrain entities to govern the transfer of data outside of the EEA.
Sharing
In addition to the description of how we may disclose your personal data for each user type, we may also disclose personal data as follows:
Within the family of companies controlled by Outbrain for internal reasons, primarily for business and operational purposes;
If we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your personal data will likely be among the assets transferred;
When legally required to do so (e.g., to cooperate with law enforcement investigations or other legal proceedings); and/or
To respond to a genuine emergency.
In addition, we combine your personal data with those of other users in order to share trend information and aggregate user statistics with third parties, always in aggregated and anonymized form.
Data Retention
The retention period for each of the cookies Outbrain uses (whether our own or on our behalf by third parties) is stated in the
Cookie Table
. More specifically, the Outbrain cookie (Obuid),which is used for tracking user actions such as clicks, expires three (3) months after a user visited a particular site within our network however, this cookie will reset if a user returns to the same site or different site within our network. In addition, we do not retain any individual data point on a User for more than 13 months. For example, if UUID 123 read an article on December 31, 2018, on February 1, 2019 that article will no longer be part of UUID 123’s profile. Outbrain also maintains a Data Retention Policy that details the retention period for personal data based on our analysis of how long the specific data is reasonably required for legal or business purposes. When we no longer need personal data, we securely delete or destroy it. Aggregated data, which cannot identify a device/browser (or individual) and is used for purposes of reporting and analysis, is maintained for as long as commercially necessary.
5. Children and Sensitive Data
Children
None of our services are intentionally directed at children under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under 16 years of age. If we determine upon collection that a Site Visitor, a User or a Business Partner is under 16, we will not use or maintain his/her personal data. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal data from a child under the age of 16, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records. If you’re a kid, please go play in the yard, don’t use or interact with Outbrain!
Sensitive data
We do not collect or receive any sensitive categories of personal data.
6. European Territory Visitors
In compliance with certain privacy laws, in particular the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Outbrain provides specific additional rights for individuals who interact with Outbrain such as the right to access, rectification, right to object, to complaint, erasure and blockage. More specifically and under certain circumstances:
the right to request information about whether and which personal data is processed by us, and the right to demand that personal data is rectified or amended.
the right to request that personal data should be deleted.
the right to demand that the processing of personal data should be restricted.
withdraw your consent to the processing and use of your data completely or partially at any time with future application.
have the right to obtain your personal data in a common, structured and mechanically readable format.
contact our data protection officer if there are any questions, comments, complaints or requests in connection with our statement on data protection and the processing of your personal data.
the right to complain to the responsible supervisory authority if believed that the processing of your personal data is in violation of the legislation.
In addition to the above, we reference certain rights for European Territory citizens throughout this Privacy Policy. Pursuant to the GDPR, citizens from “European Territories” mean the European Economic Area (EEA), the European Free Trade Area (EFTA) and Switzerland. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, the term “European Territories” shall continue to include the United Kingdom, even after the United Kingdom leaves the European Economic Area following Brexit. If you are in the UK, or the European Economic Areas, the controller of your data is Outbrain UK Limited.
Please email
Privacy@outbrain.com
with any questions about exercising any of the above rights.
7. California Privacy Rights
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “ Personal Information” has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“ CCPA”) but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
(a) Your California privacy rights.
As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Information.
You can request the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information that we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting and/or selling Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information.
Whether we have disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third party recipient.
Whether we’ve sold your Personal Information, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third party recipient.
Access
.
You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
Deletion.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Opt-out of sales
.
If we sell your Personal Information, you can opt-out. In addition, if you direct us not to sell your Personal Information, we will consider it a request pursuant to California’s “Shine the Light” law to stop sharing your personal information covered by that law with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Opt-in.
We contractually prohibit our publishing and advertising clients from placing our technology on pages that target individuals younger than 16 years old. If we learn that you are younger than 16 years old, we will asking for your permission (or if you are younger than 13 years old, your parent or guardian’s permission) to sell your Personal Information before we do so.
Non discrimination.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions such as denying you services; increasing the price/rate of services; decreasing service quality; or suggesting that we may penalize you as described above for exercising your rights.
(b) How to exercise your rights
You may exercise your California privacy rights described above as follows:
Right to information, access and deletion
. You can request to exercise your information, access and deletion rights by:
calling us toll free on 1-866-I-OPT-OUT and entering service code 253# to leave us a message.
emailing
privacy@outbrain.com
Right to opt-out of the “sale” of your Personal Information
. We do not sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). However, like many companies, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you. California law classifies our use of these services as a “sale” of your Personal Information to the companies that provide the services. This is because we allow them to collect information from our website users (e.g., online identifiers and browsing activity) so they can help serve ads more likely to interest you. To opt-out from this “sale”, click on this
link
which will take you to our Interest Profile where you can opt out of personalised recommendations.
We will need to confirm your identity and California residency to process your requests to exercise your information, access or deletion rights. We cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it.
(c) Personal information that we collect, use and share
The chart below summarizes how we collect, use and share Personal Information by reference to the statutory categories specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy. Categories in the chart refer to the categories described above in the general section of this Privacy Policy.
Outbrain User Type
Statutory category of personal information (PI)
(click for details)
Source of the PI
Purpose for collection
How we may share, disclose or “sell” information.
Site Visitors
Identifiers
Online Identifiers
Geolocation Data
Inferences
Internet or Network Information
Site Visitor
See Section 2(a) (Site Visitors).
See Section 2(c) (Site Visitors).
Users
Identifiers
Online Identifiers
Geolocation Data
Inferences
Internet or Network Information
Users
See Section 2(a) (Users).
See Section 2(c) (Users).
Business Partners
Identifiers
Financial Information
Business Partners
See Section 2(a) (Business Partners).
See Section 2(c) (Business Partners).
8. “Do Not Track” Disclosure
Some browsers transmit Do Not Track (DNT) signals to websites. Because there is no common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Outbrain does not currently alter, change, or respond to DNT requests or signals from these browsers. We will continue to monitor industry activity in this area and reassess our DNT practices as necessary. In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving personalized recommendations in the Users section.
9. EU-US Data Protection Framework (DPF) Participation
Outbrain complies with the
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF)
, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Outbrain has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Outbrain has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Please click
here
to view our certification.
10. Complaint and Dispute Resolution Procedure under the DPF
Outbrain’s internal complaints mechanism
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Outbrain commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information.  EU and UK individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF should first contact Outbrain at:
DPO@outbrain.com
You may have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority of your country of residence. If you live in the UK, you can make a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
at this address
. If you live in the EU, you can find the relevant data protection authority
here
. To submit a complaint to the FTC, click
here
.
Independent Recourse Mechanism
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Outbrain commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF to Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
JAMS
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. Please contact or visit the
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Outbrain’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Arbitration
You may also be able to invoke binding arbitration for unresolved complaints but prior to initiating such arbitration, a resident of a European country (including Switzerland) participating in the DPF must first:
(1) contact us and afford us the opportunity to resolve the issue;
(2) seek assistance from
JAMS
(an independent recourse mechanism); and
(3) contact the U.S. Department of Commerce (either directly or through a European Data Protection Authority) and afford the Department of Commerce time to attempt to resolve the issue.
If such a resident invokes binding arbitration, each party shall be responsible for its own attorney’s fees. Please be advised that, pursuant to the DPF, the arbitrator(s) may only impose individual-specific, non-monetary, equitable relief necessary to remedy any violation of the DPF Principles with respect to the resident. The arbitration option may not be invoked if the individual’s same claimed violation of the Principles
(1) has previously been subject to binding arbitration;
(2) was the subject of a final judgement entered in a court action to which the individual was a party; or
(3) was previously settled by the parties.
For more details, please click
here
.
European Individual Rights Under The
DPF
Outbrain must provide you:
Information on the types of personal data collected
Information on the purposes of collection and use
Information on the type or identity of third parties to which your personal data is disclosed
Choices for limiting use and disclosure of your personal data
Access to your personal data
Notification of the organization’s liability if it transfers your personal data
Notification of the requirement to disclose your personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities
Reasonable and appropriate security for your personal data
A response to your complaint within 45 days
Cost-free independent dispute resolution to address your data protection concerns
The ability to invoke binding arbitration to address any complaint that the organization has violated its obligations under the DPF Principles to you and that has not been resolved by other means
OUTBRAIN’S
LIABILITY IN CASES OF ONWARD TRANSFERS TO THIRD PARTIES
In the context of an onward transfer, Outbrain has responsibility for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Outbrain remains liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Outbrain proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
11. How This Privacy Policy May Change
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will place a prominent notice that will be visible to you as a Site Visitor or Business Partner, but we do not have a means of advising Users of an update by way of notice. You should check back here periodically to see if the Privacy Policy has been updated as we will always show the date of the latest modification of the Privacy Policy at the top of the page so you can tell when it was last revised.
Data Protection Officer (DPO)
To communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please email at
dpo@outbrain.com
or use the contact details below.
Contact us
General questions
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy you may contact us at:
Outbrain Inc.
111 West 19th Street
3rd Floor
New York, NY 10011, USA
Attn: Privacy questions
Email:
privacy@outbrain.com
or
dpo@outbrain.com
You may also contact your local data protection authority. A list of local data protection authorities is available
here
.
Your preferences about cookies
This website uses cookies, some of which are strictly necessary for this website to operate correctly, some of which are designed to improve your experience or give us aggregated analytics about our visitors (functional and performance cookies) and some of which are for advertising, marketing and targeting purposes. You are able to make your choice below by accepting all cookies or disabling all cookies (except for strictly necessary cookies). To review your options, please click on “Cookies Settings''. For more information about how Outbrain processes your personal data and uses cookies, or to review your choices later, please refer to
Outbrain’s Privacy Policy.
Reject All
Accept Cookies
Cookies Settings
Sub-policy 3
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 4
https://www.intuit.com/privacy/statement/:
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
Select your preferred language
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
Intuit Global Privacy Statement
Last Updated: September 8, 2024
See previous Privacy Statements
Expand All
Collapse All
Scope of this Privacy Statement and our role
Intuit responsibly leverages technology to power prosperity around the world. We believe that everyone has a right to privacy. As a financial services and technology company, we’re providing this Global Privacy Statement (
“Privacy Statement”
) to explain how we, Intuit Inc. and the
Intuit group companies
(collectively
“Intuit,” “we,” “us,” or “our”
), collect, use, share, or otherwise process information that we collect through our services. These services include, as applicable, our websites, mobile applications, social media pages, marketing activities, and other activities described in this Privacy Statement, or when other businesses provide us your personal information (collectively, the
“Services”
). This Privacy Statement is global, meaning it applies to all Intuit Services. We may provide additional or supplemental privacy statements for certain products or services.
This Privacy Statement describes our privacy practices when we process:
Personal information for the purposes of preparing a tax return or in connection with the preparation of a tax return (collectively, “
Tax Preparation Information
”) as part of providing TurboTax tax preparation services;
Personal information for the purposes of providing the benefits of our websites and the Intuit platform, which includes all of Intuit’s services, sites, experiences and software (including through our mobile applications and desktop applications) other than Tax Preparation Information (the “
Intuit Platform
”); and
Personal information as necessary to manage, run, improve, and develop our business and personalize your experience while interacting with the Intuit Platform. Depending on your settings, this may include showing you personalized ads or recommending certain Intuit products based on your interests.
Intuit determines the purposes and means of the processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement, and therefore acts as a ‘data controller’ (or equivalent/similar terms under applicable data privacy laws) of such information. We may share your personal information within the
Intuit group companies
and conduct processing activities as controllers or joint controllers for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
In certain circumstances, there may be more than one data controller processing your personal information. For example, your employer or a financial partner may also act as a data controller. In these situations, we act as an independent data controller over our processing activities. This means we determine how your personal information will be processed independently from the other data controllers. The other data controllers have their own obligations under applicable data privacy laws. Intuit is not responsible for other data controllers’ processing activities, and you should contact them directly for questions about how they process your personal information and about how to exercise your privacy rights in relation to such processing.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to certain processing activities where we are not the controller. For example, where Intuit processes personal information as a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including when we process personal information on behalf of customers of our professional tax software products. When we act as a processor or service provider, the privacy statement of the customer who uses our Services applies, instead of this Privacy Statement, and our processing of such personal information is governed by our agreements with such customers. If you have concerns about personal information that we process on behalf of a customer, or wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding such personal information, please contact the customer directly.
This Privacy Statement also does not apply to Intuit Financial Services or Intuit’s processing of education records subject to state or federal laws or children’s data in our education curriculum products. You may find the privacy statement for Intuit Financial Services
here
, and the privacy statement for Intuit for Education
here
.
If you have any questions about how Intuit processes your personal information, please see How to contact us below.
The Intuit platform
The Intuit Platform and your personal information
When we say “platform,” we mean that when you choose to share data with us, or bring over information from third parties (like a bank or loan provider), Intuit uses that data together, not just within the individual offering(s) you’re using. This means that, for example, we may use your bookkeeping details from QuickBooks, contact and purchase history details from Mailchimp, and/or recommendations from Credit Karma. The personal information we use in this centralized way may relate to you as an end user of our Services or as a customer or vendor of an Intuit customer whose personal information has been included in the Intuit Platform.
Business account information
Some experiences and services within the Intuit Platform allow you to interact with a business (such as your employer). If you are granted access to a business account (for example, in QuickBooks), the business owner or a designated administrator may control and administer details of your account, for example, by deciding your access rights; making decisions about your personal information (such as details about your payroll); or requiring you to take certain actions (for example, use location tracking to clock in for a shift). If the owner or designated administrator changes your access rights, then you may lose access to the information the business controls.
Your use of the Intuit Platform as part of a business account may be subject to the business’s policies, which may differ from this Privacy Statement. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of other businesses, and you should consider both the business’s policies and whether you are comfortable giving the business access to your personal information before connecting to their services.
Personal information we collect
The personal information that we collect or otherwise receive about you depends on the context of your interactions with Intuit, how you configure your account, and the choices you make, including your privacy settings. The way we process your personal information may also depend on the particular Services, functionalities, or experiences you use, your location, and applicable law.
Information you provide to us
You may provide us with your information as follows:
Contact data and account profile data.
We collect information when you (or your organization) create an account, activate a subscription, and/or upload information to the Intuit Platform. Personal information may include your name, previous name(s) and/or nicknames, title and honorifics, professional title and company name, education, billing and mailing addresses, phone number and email address, profile photo, billing information (your payment information), purchase history, demographic information, preferences, subscription data, and your username and account credentials.
Identity verification information.
We collect information to verify your identity, including your name, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, driver’s license number, passport number, government-issued identification details, and similar information to verify your identity and to help you file your tax return.
Communications, feedback and survey data, and related data.
We may collect personal information such as your name, email address, telephone number and any other personal information you choose to share when you reach out to us for support, give us feedback, participate in optional surveys, attend our events, participate in product research or training, or otherwise interact or communicate with us. This information may include: call center recordings and call monitoring records, chat and text records, voicemails, photographs, and video images.
Marketing data.
You may provide us with your contact information and preferences for receiving marketing communications.
Social and community content.
We receive content you post on our social media pages and our community pages.
Business and financial information.
We may receive information about your business, your finances, expenses, invoices, financial statements, details of your financial transactions, payroll details, payment details, tax return details, details about your customers, vendors, or employees, income and wage information, and/or investment information.
Interactions with experts.
The Intuit Platform provides many opportunities for you to connect with live experts, including, for example, accountants or tax preparers. When you interact with these experts, we may receive information about the questions you ask, the details of your accounts, and the guidance provided to you.
Interactions with chatbots.
We may receive information from you through your use of chatbots, digital assistants, or other interactive bots across the Intuit Platform.
Device and contact data.
If you grant permission in your device settings, certain features may have access to your device and contacts.
Business connection data.
We may collect information about you when you interact with the Intuit Platform through our customers. If you are a customer, vendor or prospect of an Intuit customer and interact with the Intuit Platform (for example, to pay an invoice, make a purchase, interact with an email, provide contact details or complete a survey), we will use this information to make recommendations about you to our customers. Our customers may also provide business connection data directly about you to us; this is described below under ‘Other users’.
Third-party sources
The Intuit Platform is designed to help you connect with other people and businesses. As a result of those connections, others may be able to input personal information about you, including other customers using the Intuit Platform. For example, an Intuit customer may share personal information about you with us in order to use and benefit from the Intuit Platform. You also may be able to input or process personal information about others, for example, if you are an account administrator of one of our products or use Intuit to manage customer lists. If you input information about others into the Platform, you must only do so if you have first provided sufficient notice and received any required permissions, and have an appropriate legal basis if required by applicable law.
We may also receive personal information about you from other third parties where you have provided consent or where permitted by applicable law. We protect and process the personal information obtained from those third parties as described in this Privacy Statement, consistent with any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information. Our third-party sources may vary over time and depend upon how you use the Intuit Platform. For example, we receive information from:
Linked third-party services.
If you choose to sync a non-Intuit account/service with your Intuit account, we will receive information from that account/service according to your settings with that account/service. This may include details of your bank account information, social media information, purchase history or your business’s sales records through a point of sale application.
Supplemental information and identity verification providers.
We work with certain third parties to help us verify your identity, the specifics of your business, and/or supplement the personal information you have provided and ensure the accuracy of your personal information. For example, we use third-party providers to validate your contact information (e.g., name, mailing address, email address, phone number) or to provide additional details about your business. These providers may include, for example, your financial institution, telecommunications provider, or email provider.
Customer support providers.
We receive personal information about you or your interaction with the Intuit Platform from certain third parties for troubleshooting purposes. For example, we may obtain information about your interaction(s) with customer support and information about technical issues you have raised, including call center recordings, call monitoring records, voicemails, photographs and chat records.
Credit bureaus and related third parties.
Many Intuit features rely on information we receive from credit bureaus and related third parties. For example, in some countries, we may offer free credit reports and credit scores. We request these reports and credit scores on your behalf from credit bureau partners, like TransUnion, Experian and Equifax. These partners may also provide personal information such as employment or income data, social security number, vehicle or driver information, or information about special offers available based on your credit profile so we can make more personalized recommendations for you.
Other users.
As described above, we may receive personal information about you from other Intuit Platform users, such as your accountant, bookkeeper, tax preparer, spouse, employer, or other business customers using the Intuit Platform (e.g., businesses from which you buy products or services, or with which you otherwise interact). We may also collect such personal information through features like member referral programs.
Risk management, cybersecurity & anti-fraud providers.
We may receive personal information from third parties that help us assess risks associated with our offerings, including to help combat fraud and illegal activity and to help protect your personal information.
Data providers.
We may receive information from information services and data licensors that provide demographic and preference information to us.
Content providers.
We may receive personal information from companies that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Joint offering partners.
We may offer co-branded services or experiences or engage in joint-marketing activities with others, including through our conferences or live events.
Government agencies.
We receive information from government agencies, including from various tax agencies, such as your tax filing confirmation from the IRS.
Public information.
We collect individual and household demographic information and preference information from publicly available sources, such as open government databases, social media platforms, and others.
Automatic data collection
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log personal information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Services, such as:
Device information.
We may collect information about your device(s) such as IP addresses, log information, error messages, device type, and unique device identifiers. For example, we may collect IP addresses from you as part of our sign in and security features.
Usage information.
We may collect information about your use of the Intuit Platform, such as the pages you viewed, the services and features you used or interacted with, your browser type, and details about any links or communications with which you interacted.
Location information.
Certain features in the Intuit Platform may collect your precise location information, device motion information, or both, if you or your organization grant(s) us permission to do so through your device settings (for example, if you use QuickBooks’ time-tracking service, participate in Karma Drive, or use CK Money to locate nearby ATMs).
Information stored locally.
Some of our web-enabled desktop services and offerings synchronize with the information on your computer. In doing so, we may collect information such as device information, product usage, and error reports. We may also store personal information locally on your device.
Communication interaction data.
We or our third-party service providers may collect information from email providers, communication providers and social networks, such as your interactions with our email, text or other communications (e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) – we may do this through use of pixel tags (which are also known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded invisibly in our emails.
Online behavioral data
. We may automatically collect certain personal information about your use and interactions with our websites, customers’ websites or e-commerce stores, social media websites, and marketing campaigns that we or our customers organize, including device information (such as your IP address and unique device IDs), page view information and search results, links, and if you are a customer contact, whether or not a campaign presented or sent to you using our offerings has been viewed, delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it has bounced or was treated as spam.
Cookies and similar technologies
Intuit and our service providers may use commonly used tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, local shared objects and similar technologies (collectively “cookies”) to collect information about you (“
Cookie Information
”) so we can provide the experiences you request, recognize your visit, track your interactions, and improve your and other customers’ experiences. For example, we may use session-replay technologies,
such as those provided by FullStory and Medallia, that employ software code to record users’ interactions with the Services in a manner that allows us to watch video replays of those user sessions. The replays include users’ clicks, mobile app touches, mouse movements, scrolls and keystrokes/key touches during those sessions. These replays help us diagnose usability problems and identify areas for improvement. You can learn more about FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy-policy
and you can opt-out of session recording by FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/optout/
. You can learn more about Medallia at
https://www.medallia.com/privacy-policy/
.
You have control over some of the information we collect from Cookies and how we use it. Please see Your Personal Information Rights and Choices section for more information. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies please see our
Intuit Cookie Policy
. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies when you use or interact with our Mailchimp offerings, please also see our
Mailchimp Cookie Statement.
Biometric Information
Certain parts of the Intuit Platform make use of biometric personal information (“
Biometric Information
“). We will not collect your Biometric Information without first providing notice and obtaining your consent. For more details about how we use Biometric Information, please see our
Biometric Notice
.
How we use personal information
We may use your personal information in a number of ways or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Service delivery and operations. We may use your personal information to:
Provide you with the Intuit Platform, create your account and manage our relationship with you
Run and manage our business, including resolving billing and financial disputes
Evaluate your eligibility for marketing offers, products and services
Provide features to you, such as your free credit reports and scores
Provide a product or service that you have requested through the Intuit Platform
Connect you with experts and other users
Communicate with you, such as sending you electronic notifications concerning your financial privacy
Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Services and our communications.
Provide you with support and resolve disputes
Authenticate your identity
Manage event registrations and attendance, including sending related communications to you
Register visitors to our offices for security reasons and manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign
Research and development. We may use your personal information to:
Improve and develop our products and services by analyzing how they are used and interacted with, by training our artificial intelligence models and other machine learning models, as well as by assessing the use of and interactions with our Platform and certain content our customers send or display through the Platform, including by conducting data analytics to develop insights about you, your needs, and your preferences, so we can make more informed predictions, recommendations, and products for our customers.
Please note any data obtained through Google Workspace APIs is not used to develop, improve, or train any generalized AI and/or ML models. Any data originating from the Google Workspace API is instead ingested only by Intuit’s and our third-party providers’ artificial intelligence tools to deliver services on the customer’s behalf and to ensure safety, not for model retraining.
Combine and anonymize information about your interactions with Intuit to create aggregate, anonymized statistics for use in research (including by contracting with academic institutions) and for marketing, promoting, improving, and developing our platform.
Marketing and advertising. We, our service providers and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes to:
Market services, products and experiences, including to deliver gifts and promotional materials, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications via email, post, telephone, SMS or push notifications, in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Personalize your experience and tailor recommendations, advertising, and offers presented to you, including through the development of insights about you and your needs based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. These advertisements may be displayed to you on Intuit’s digital properties, including our websites and mobile apps, media platforms, connected devices, or other third-party platforms and channels.
Whistleblower Reporting.
When you report any concern of non-compliance, unethical conduct, or other alleged violation of our
Code of Conduct and Ethics
, personal information you provide will be processed as a part of the investigation of the allegations and retained in accordance with our internal policies until the investigation is complete. While we make every effort to maintain confidentiality, depending on the investigation, disclosing your identity to other individuals may be necessary.
Compliance and protection. We may use your personal information to:
Protect against misuse or abuse of our Services and ensure compliance with our Terms of Service, including in relation to content our customers send or display through the Platform
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements
Protect the rights, property, safety or security of the Intuit Platform, our customers, employees or others and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity
Exercise our rights in the course of judicial, administrative, or arbitration proceedings
Enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements
With your consent.
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to use your personal information, such as when required by law.
We may process your personal information for other purposes that are compatible with the above purposes where permitted by applicable law.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Automated processing
When you use or interact with features on the Intuit Platform like chatbots, digital assistants, or other digital conversational experiences powered by artificial intelligence, we may process your personal information using automated and manual (human) methods. For example, when we use automated processing on your personal information to provide a more personalized and enhanced experience in the Intuit Platform, you may see instantly tailored recommendations and insights to manage your cash flow and grow your business. Or when we analyze personal information and transactions we have collected or received about you, we can provide you with personalized advice, predictions, recommendations and experiences, including showing your largest tax deductions, sharing how to get your largest tax refund, and providing personalized recommendations for credit products. Certain laws may provide you with the right to object to the automated processing of your personal information. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
How we share your personal information
When you interact with our services.
We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
For certain product features
. We may use third party API services, such as YouTube and Twilio, for certain product features. If you choose to use those features, you acknowledge and agree that you are also bound by the third party’s privacy policy. You may manage your YouTube API data by visiting Google’s security settings page
here
. You may make choices about your Twilio API data by visiting Twilio’s privacy notice
here
.
When you connect with an Intuit Platform partner.
You may be provided with offers, products, and services from third-party companies who integrate with our Intuit Platform. If you choose to interact with a platform partner, apply for their services or offerings, or otherwise link or sync your account to a platform partner’s product or service, you consent and direct us to share your personal information to the platform partner providing the service or offering. For example, when we send your personal information to partners in order to generate offers for you to review, when we send your application information directly to our partners, or when we send you to the partner’s site for you to provide the information directly to them.
In some cases, if you click through to go to a platform partner’s site, you will automatically be sending your personal information to that platform partner. When this happens, you will still have to submit your application on the platform partner’s site. Remember that any information you provide to a platform partner, whether through us or on your own, will be subject to their privacy practices and terms and conditions.
When you connect to your social media account.
Some of our features enable you to connect to a social media account or share information on social media platforms, like Facebook and Twitter. Any information you choose to share on social media may potentially be visible to a global audience and will be subject to the social media provider’s privacy policies (not this Privacy Statement). You should take care only to share information on social media that you are comfortable sharing.
For joint features, sales, promotions and events.
With your consent we may share your personal information with third parties who are jointly providing features, sales initiatives, promotions or events with us.
When you publicly post the information.
We may provide opportunities for you to publicly post reviews, questions, comments, suggestions, or other content that may include personal information, such as your name or username. Anything you share in a public forum is public, and you should think carefully before you decide to share.
With your wireless carrier.
When you use your wireless device in connection with the Intuit Platform, you authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Intuit or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.
When you participate in the short code program
. Personal information collected through the short code program (i.e., when you sign up for SMS texts), will not be shared, sold, or rented to affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Other circumstances.
We also share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances.
For research.
With appropriate controls, we may share information with third parties, such as academic institutions, government and non-profit organizations, for research purposes or to publish academic or policy-related materials. We only share information in a way that does not identify any individual.
With financial services providers.
In connection with our financial products, we may share personal information with collection agencies, credit bureaus and loan services providers, and payment card association members. We may also share your personal information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents, government agencies, and card associations in connection with issues related to fraud, credit, defaults, or debt collection.
With service providers or agents.
We share personal information with our service providers or agents who provide services on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents are required to implement reasonable privacy and information protection controls to maintain the privacy and security of information provided to them consistent with the privacy practices outlined in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents may include companies that assist us with our advertising, marketing, and sales efforts, help us with our technology offerings (such as a hosting, security or anti-fraud providers) and help us run our business. Service providers or agents also include AI providers, including generative AI providers.
For mergers and acquisitions.
If we are involved with a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation, bankruptcy, or the acquisition of all or part of our business to another company, we may share your personal information with that company and its advisors before and after the transaction date.
With our affiliates and subsidiaries and your right to limit information sharing.
We may share your personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for everyday business purposes as described in this Statement, including for marketing purposes, for improving and developing our offerings, and for personalizing your experience on our Platform. Certain laws may provide you with the right to limit our information sharing activities in certain circumstances. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
For advertising and analytics.
Intuit may use advertising networks and other providers to display advertising on our Intuit Platform or on other sites. Intuit may share personal information with advertising networks and other providers to tailor advertising and offers presented to you based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. Our advertising partners may place cookies on unaffiliated websites in order to serve advertisements that may be relevant to you based on your browsing activities and interests and determine the effectiveness of such advertisements. See also the “Region and state-specific terms” section below for additional information.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) responds to the Global Privacy Control signal for US residents, as described further in the United States section below. However, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals because there is no formal “Do Not Track” standard.
For legal reasons.
We may share your personal information with third parties for legal reasons without your consent, and as permitted by law, including:
When we reasonably believe disclosure is required in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law, regulation or legal process;
To protect the rights, property, or safety of Intuit, TurboTax, the Intuit Platform, our customers or others;
To protect or defend against attacks;
To enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements;
To prevent fraud, cybersecurity attacks or illegal activity;
For debt collection; and
With regulatory agencies, including government tax agencies, as necessary to help detect and combat fraud and/or protect our customers, users and/or the Intuit Platform, or in required institutional risk control programs.
Your personal information rights and choices
Your choices
At Intuit, we believe that you have choices about information that pertains to you or your business.
We provide all customers, including those in the EU, UK (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland, with options to manage the privacy of their personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct certain personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Access your personal information.
You may download a copy of the personal information we have about you by visiting your account, the
Intuit Privacy Center
, or by calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Delete your personal information.
You may ask us to delete your personal information by visiting your account settings or the
Intuit Privacy Center
or calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, please visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
NAI Opt-Out Page
or the
Choices Opt-Out Page
(or the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
, if you are based in Canada) or by visiting the
Intuit Privacy Center
. If you reside in California, Connecticut, Colorado, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, please refer to the relevant sections below under Region and state-specific terms for more information about opting out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes,or opting-out of sales and/or sharing.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or you may use the links below. You may also unsubscribe using the link found at the bottom of all marketing and promotional emails. If you receive marketing text messages from us through Intuit’s SMS shortcode program, you may opt out of receiving further marketing text messages from us by replying STOP to the message.
For more information, please visit:
Intuit
communications preferences
Credit Karma US
and
Credit Karma UK
communications preferences
Mailchimp
communications preferences
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may also have certain state- or country-specific rights with respect to your personal information. Please see the Region and state-specific terms section for your country, below.
Verification
To help protect privacy and the security of your personal information, you may be asked to provide additional information to verify your identity and/or ownership rights before we can fulfill your data rights request. If we cannot verify your identity or your ownership rights to the data, we may not be able to service your request until you provide proper documentation.
Data retention
Unless you specifically ask us to delete your personal information, we retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to comply with our data retention requirements and provide you with services and the benefits of the Intuit Platform and successfully run our business. Even if you submit a deletion request, we may be required to maintain your personal information for as long as necessary to:
comply with our legal or regulatory compliance needs (e.g., maintaining records of transactions you have made with us);
to exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and/or
to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our service.
This means we may keep different information for different periods. If your account is canceled because you haven’t used it for a long time, we may delete this information immediately.
There may be occasions where we are unable to fully delete, anonymize, or de-identify your personal information due to technical, legal, regulatory compliance, or other operational reasons. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to securely isolate your personal information from any further processing until such time as we are able to delete, anonymize, or de-identify it.
International data transfers
Unless you have provided us with consent to transfer your personal information, US Tax Preparation Information shall be processed and stored in the United States in accordance with applicable law.
With the exception noted above, Intuit reserves the right to store and process your personal information in the United States and in any other country where Intuit or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities in accordance with and as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Some of these countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
When we transfer, store or process personal information outside of your jurisdiction (including to or in the United States, as described above), we take appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable law.
Some of these recipients of your personal information are located in countries for which the European Commission, the UK (and Gibraltar) Government, and the Swiss Government (as and where applicable) have issued adequacy decisions, which means that these countries are recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection under applicable UK (and Gibraltar), European, and Swiss data protection laws and the transfer is therefore permitted under Article 45 of the GDPR.
Other recipients of your personal information are located in countries outside the EEA and/or the UK that are not the subject of an adequacy decision. In these cases, we may use the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission or, as may be applicable, the International Data Transfer Agreement approved by the UK Government, to help ensure your personal information is protected. For more information on the transfer safeguards we rely on, please contact us by using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) and Mailchimp comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the United States. Intuit and Mailchimp rely on the EU-U.S. DPF to transfer data and will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF once approved by the appropriate authorities. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. You can find more information about Intuit’s and Mailchimp’s Data Privacy Framework certification
here
.
Security of your personal information
We use reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards that are designed to protect your personal information. However, despite these controls, we cannot completely ensure or warrant the security of your personal information. You can find out more about how we protect your personal information
here
.
Changes to our Privacy Statements
From time to time we may change or update our Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to make changes or updates at any time. If we make material changes to the way we process your personal information, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Intuit Platform or on a community post; by sending you a notification; or by other means consistent with applicable law.
You can see when this Privacy Statement was last updated by checking the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Statement. Please review this Privacy Statement periodically to stay informed about how Intuit protects your privacy.
Children
Our services are not intended for or directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you believe we may have information from a child, please contact us.
How to contact us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Statement or our practices, please contact us.
You can submit Intuit privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Credit Karma privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Mailchimp privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
If you have an unresolved privacy or information use concern or complaint that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Region and state-specific terms
Additional terms may apply to you based upon the country you reside in or the products you use. Please click the region or state that applies to you to learn more about additional terms and rights that may apply to you.
Expand All
Collapse All
United States
If you are a resident of the United States, you may have the following rights and choices:
US Tax Preparation Information
Except as necessary to provide you with tax preparation services or as authorized by law, we will not use or disclose your Tax Preparation Information – including to Intuit’s affiliates and subsidiaries – unless you consent.
If you agree to share your Tax Preparation Information for purposes other than tax preparation services, including by sharing it with the Intuit Platform, your Tax Preparation Information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
Intuit is a financial institution subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
By using, accessing, or interacting with the Intuit Platform, you are consenting to receive notices about your financial privacy electronically.
Please find our GLBA Notice
here
.
California Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in our capacity as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) and your rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, the term “
Personal Information
” has the meaning given in the CCPA, but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the CCPA, such as information subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and other data protection laws. In some cases, we may provide a different privacy notice to certain categories of California residents, such as employees and job applicants, in which case that notice will apply instead of this section.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose.
The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect by reference to the categories of Personal Information specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your California privacy rights. As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access.
You may request that we provide the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
○              the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you,
○              the sources from which that information was collected,
○              the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, and/or sharing your Personal Information,
○              the categories of personal information we shared or sold about you,
○              the categories of third parties to whom we shared or sold personal information about you,
○              the categories of personal information we disclosed for a business purpose, and
○              the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about you for a business purpose.
Request a copy of your Personal Information.
You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of Sales and/or Sharing.
Like many companies, Intuit and Mailchimp use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you as described above. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may classify our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services. You can opt-out of the “sharing” of your personal information by visiting the “Your California Privacy Rights” link in the footer of the Intuit website.
In addition, if you have enabled a recognized opt-out mechanism on your browser, device, or platform, you will automatically be opted out of any “sharings” when you interact with our Services. Please go here to learn more about enabling one such preference signal, the Global Privacy Control:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#download
. Intuit and Mailchimp do not sell personal information under the CCPA. Credit Karma does not sell or share personal information subject to the CCPA, and therefore does not offer a “Your California Privacy Rights” link on its website. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Limit processing of sensitive personal information.
Some of the personal information that we may collect are considered sensitive personal information under the CCPA. We collect sensitive personal information for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We only use sensitive personal information as necessary for our (1) Service delivery and operations, (2) compliance and protection, (3) research and development, or (4) Service improvement and analytics purposes in accordance with CCPA. If we use sensitive personal information outside the permitted purposes of the CCPA, we will provide you with the right to limit processing of sensitive personal information.
California Shine the Light.
Customers who are California residents may request certain information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information, please submit a written request to us using the contact information provided below.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination or retaliation related to your exercise of any of your California privacy rights.
Verification.
In order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Authorized agents.
You may use an authorized agent to submit a rights request. If you do so, the authorized agent must present signed written authorization to act on your behalf, and you will also be required to independently verify your own identity directly with us and confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the rights request. This verification process is not necessary if your authorized agent provides documentation showing that the authorized agent has power of attorney to act on your behalf under Cal. Prob. Code §§ 4121 to 4130.
Learn more about instructions for authorized agents.
We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit adequate proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to the residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Data of state residents described in this subsection in our capacity as a business or controller under the corresponding state privacy laws, including Colorado Privacy Rights Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, “Applicable State Privacy Laws”), and your rights with respect to that Personal Data. For purposes of this section, the term “Personal Data” has the meaning given in the Applicable State Privacy Laws but does not include information or entities exempted from the scope of the Applicable State Privacy Laws, such as those subject to GLBA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the Applicable State Privacy Laws.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose
. The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your privacy rights.
As a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, you may have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access
. You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes
. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Manage Cookies” or “Privacy Settings” link in the footer of the Intuit website. For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
. Intuit, Mailchimp and Credit Karma do not otherwise “sell your Personal Data to third parties for monetary consideration.
Opt-out of profiling
. You can opt-out of the automated processing of your Personal Data to evaluate, analyze, or predict personal aspects related to your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements, to the extent this results in decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Sensitive Personal Data
. Some of the personal information that we may collect may be considered sensitive personal information under certain state privacy laws. We will not process your sensitive personal data without your consent.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination related to your exercise of any of your privacy rights.
Appeal
. If we decline to take action on any request that you submit in connection with the rights described above, you may ask that we reconsider our response by submitting a written request to us using the contact information provided below. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, we will also provide you with an online mechanism, if available, or other method through which you may contact your state attorney general’s office to submit a complaint.
Authentication.
In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
United States contact information:
Intuit Inc.
Attention: Privacy
2800 E Commerce Center Place
Tucson, AZ 85706
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Legal Department
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
Mailchimp
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308
You can contact the Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
.
Australia
If you are a resident of Australia, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. To make a request for access or deletion of your personal information, contact us through the link below.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information, including for marketing purposes, or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information. To object to data processing or request a restriction, contact us through the link below. If you request that we stop processing some or all of your personal information or you withdraw (where applicable) your consent for our use or disclosure of your personal information for purposes set out in this privacy notice, we might not be able to provide you all of the Services and customer support offered to our users and authorized under this Notice.
Australia contact information:
Visit the QuickBooks Australia website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks Australia
Intuit Australia Pty. Limited
Level 34, 1 O'Connell St.
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
Canada
While we take steps to maintain protection of your personal information, your personal information may be disclosed in response to valid demands or requests from governments, regulators, courts and law enforcement authorities in those other jurisdictions or countries.
If you are a resident of Canada, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
,
NAI Opt-Out Page
and the
Choices Opt-Out Page
.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may make a request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information (provided we no longer have a business need to retain your personal information). You may request a copy of the Personal Information or delete the personal information in
your Intuit account
. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. Even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on the Intuit Platform. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in “Data Retention”.
Withdraw consent.
You can withdraw your consent at any time to collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with the applicable Privacy Commissioner about our collection and processing of your personal information.
Canada contact information:
Intuit Canada
Attention: Privacy
8 Spadina Ave.
Suite 1900
Toronto, Ontario
M5V 0S8
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here
.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Privacy Officer
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, you can visit the
Credit Karma Help Centre
.
You can also email the Credit Karma Canada Privacy Officer by writing to
legal@creditkarma.ca
.
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308 USA
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you can visit the
Mailchimp Help Centre
,
or submit a question
here
.
India
Where data of Indian individuals are involved, you hereby agree that the “reasonable security practices and procedures” under section 43A Explanation (ii) of the Information Technology Act, 2000 means this Intuit’s Privacy Statement and such data security procedures that Intuit may implement from time to time and which may, in Intuit’s discretion, be informed to you from time to time.
What you can do to manage your privacy
You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
India contact information
Visit the QuickBooks India website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks India
Intuit Technology Services Private Limited
Campus 4A, PrITech Park (Ecospace)
7th and 8th Floor, Belandur Village
Varthur Hobli, Bangalore East Taluk
Bangalore - 560 103 India
United Kingdom (and Gibraltar)(UK), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Statement are equivalent to “personal data” governed by EU and UK data protection laws. Essentially, “personal data” is information about an individual, where that individual is either directly identified or can be identified. It does not include ‘anonymous data’ (i.e., information where the identity of an individual has been permanently removed).
Legal Basis of Processing
We use your personal information only as permitted by law. Applicable EEA, UK(and Gibraltar) and Swiss data protection law requires us to have a “legal basis” for each purpose for which we collect your personal information. Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the type of personal information and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally process personal information from you when:
We have your consent to do so;
We have a contract with you and it is necessary to process your personal information to perform our contract with you, including to provide you with the benefits of the Intuit Platform and operate our business;
The processing is in our legitimate business interests, such as operating our businesses, improving and developing the Intuit Platform, communicating with you, marketing our offerings and services and personalizing your experience, and to detect illegal activities; and/or
To comply with legal requirements, including applicable laws and regulations.
For residents in the UK searching for financial or other products (including energy, internet, or mobile phone offers) through the Intuit Platform, we may share your personal information, including your contact details, date of birth, as well as the information you give us about your employment, income, and housing and employment expenses with third parties, including HD Decisions, Capital One, Monevo, CarFinance 247, and Decision Tech. You can find more information about their data protection practices in their privacy policies:
HD Decisions
Capital One
Monevo
CarFinance 247
Decision Tech
If you are a resident of the UK(and Gibraltar), the EEA or Switzerland you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information.
You may request a copy of your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU&Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
You may request for us to delete your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or through our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
. Please note that even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our Service. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in the section “Data Retention”.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information.
Portability.
You may request portability of your personal information.
Withdraw Consent.
If we process your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal information. You can find your data protection regulator
here
.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or visit our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland) or
edit your email preferences for Mailchimp using the instructions found here.
. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of such interest-based advertising by visiting
Network Advertising Initiative
or
Your Online Choices
or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
.
UK, EEA and Swiss Representative
In the EEA: Intuit Inc., Intuit Limited and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit France SAS as its Representative in the European Union in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the "GDPR") (contact details can be found in the section below).
In the UK: Intuit Inc., and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit Limited as its Representative in the UK in accordance with UK GDPR (contact details can be found in the section below)
United Kingdom, EEA and Switzerland contact information
Intuit Limited
Attention: Intuit Data Protection Administration,
Cardinal Place, 80 Victoria Street, London,
United Kingdom, SW1E 5JL
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/uk/gdpr/
Credit Karma UK Limited
4th Floor
One New Oxford Street
London WC1A 1NU
Intuit France SAS
Intuit Data Protection Administration
﻿7 Rue Meyerbeer 75009 Paris, France
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/fr/gdpr/
or
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/eu/gdpr/
If you have questions or concerns that have not been addressed by this Privacy Statement, you can contact the Intuit and Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
,
the Credit Karma Data Protection Officer by writing to
dpo@creditkarma.com
.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Intuit digital properties use cookies, pixels, tags and similar technologies to provide you the best possible experience on and off our sites. You may opt-out of the use of cookies and trackers that may share some limited personal information with our third party advertising partners using the option below. For more information on how we use Cookies and Tracking Technologies, please review our
Cookies Policy.
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services and features  available through our site. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the site, you cannot refuse them without impacting how the site functions.
Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 5
https://www.movavi.com/privacy.html:
Movavi Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 24, 2024.
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected, processed, or stored by Movavi online stores, via the Sites (as hereinafter defined) and via Movavi’s desktop, web, and mobile applications and describes the extent of collection and use of personal information by Movavi Software Limited (hereinafter – MOVAVI, we, or us). Except as otherwise stated herein, MOVAVI is a data controller of personal information processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy. MOVAVI has the greatest respect for your privacy and gives special attention to the confidentiality of information submitted to us when you visit our websites (current and future websites, owned or operated by MOVAVI, and/or for which MOVAVI currently or in the future provides services and/or products, hereinafter – the Site or Sites) or otherwise communicate or interact with us.
1. General provisions
1.1. This document, the MOVAVI Privacy Policy (hereinafter – the Policy), contains our policies and provisions concerning the information collected about you by MOVAVI.
1.2. By visiting our Site, using our services, and downloading, installing, and using the MOVAVI software (hereinafter – the Applications), you accept all terms and conditions of this Policy.
1.3. This Policy is a part of a body of documents that sets terms and conditions of use of the Site and of the Applications. Other documents defining the relationship between you and MOVAVI are the
Terms of Use
and the
End User License Agreement
(hereinafter – EULA), along with any additional terms that could be applicable to your use of our products and/or services.
1.4. Unless defined otherwise by this Policy, all terms and definitions used herein shall have the meaning defined in the Terms of Use and EULA.
1.5. This Policy, including its construction, method of adoption, performance, amendments, and termination, is subject to the legislation of the Republic of Cyprus.
2. Information we collect
2.1. We may collect information, including personal information, about you when you provide it to us, when you use our Sites, products, and services, and when other sources provide it to us, as further described below. Personal information means information that can be associated with a specific individual.
2.2. We process the following categories of personal information:
Information provided directly by you
Information received from other sources
Information collected automatically
Information provided directly by you
Account and user information
. We collect information about you when you register an account, create or modify user information, and/or provide any other related information to access or use our Sites, products, or services. For example, you provide your email address when you register an account on our Site. You also have the option of adding a new email address and your country to your account information. If you use our Sites, products, or services, we may also process, without limitation, the following information: name (pseudonym or nickname), telephone number (e.g., in cases when you request individual technical support or assistance), and information about your purchases and activation of the Applications (preference categories and other types of preference-related advertising).
Information you provide by filling out specific forms
. MOVAVI also processes personal information you provide by filling out specific forms. For example, when downloading a trial version of an Application from the Site, subscribing to email newsletters, contacting MOVAVI for technical support or via feedback forms, etc., MOVAVI may set out the requirements for the information that is essential to provide the user with our products or services. For instance, for technical support purposes you may be asked to provide your contact information, a description of the problem you are experiencing, and documentation, screenshots, or information that would be helpful in resolving the issue. If some information is not marked by MOVAVI as essential, you may submit or disclose such information at your own discretion.
Commercial and payment information
. If you purchase our products or services, we may process the following information: your name, email address, your country, state, city, postal code, information about your purchases, payment methods, payment currencies, and other payment data. If you use a credit card to purchase a MOVAVI product, the credit card number is encrypted as it passes over the Internet. Cardholder data is not kept in or recorded by MOVAVI, it is simply transferred to your bank, credit card company, and payment-processing company. In this respect, an online credit card purchase is similar to a credit card purchase at any store. Information about you such as name, email address, your country, state, city, postal code, and purchased product or service is retained by MOVAVI for further delivery and/or registration of the product or service.
Information received from other sources
Information received from distributors or partners
. We may obtain personal information about you from our distributors or partners, for example, if you purchase the products or services through one of these partners. The personal information we may receive include business contact information, including name, surname, job titles, and email addresses. Please note that MOVAVI acts as a processor with respect to the information received from distributors or partners.
Information received from Business administrators
. We may obtain personal information about you from Business administrators, for example, if the Business would like to share its license rights with you, such Business may provide us with your email so that we can grant you the foregoing rights.
Information received from payment processors
. When you save your credit card information, it is saved on the respective payment processor's servers and the payment processor gives Movavi a token that you can reuse for future payments. It is not possible to reconstruct your credit card information from the token. For due performance of our tax obligations and for subscription renewal, we may only obtain the following information from our payment processors: the last 4 digits of the credit card associated with your purchase, the country of the bank that issued the card, the network, and expiration month and year.
Information collected automatically
Device and usage information
. For website personalization, conducting research and for improvement of our Site and Applications, we gather information about the devices you use to access our Sites (desktop and mobile) and other information about you when you visit and interact with any of our Sites or Applications; this may include the IP address and other geolocation data, browser type and version, operating system, and system language, referring website, time of access, traffic source, hardware model and other device-specific information, unique device identifiers, statistical information about your actions on the Site and Application use, information about the data that is being sent and received via the Application, and other device and usage information.
This information may be collected and/or processed using the services of third parties, such as:
Analytics services
Social network plugins
Other systems and services that use and process such data
Cookies and similar technologies.
We and our third-party service providers and partners, such as our advertising and analytics service providers and partners, use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., device identifiers, web beacons, and pixels) to provide functionality and to recognize you across different services and devices. For example, we use:
Google Analytics
. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help analyze how visitors use the Site. The information generated by the cookies is transmitted to and stored by Google. Google Analytics helps us understand the use of our Site by visitors. Because Google Analytics requires cookies to function, users who wish to avoid tracking by Google Analytics while on our Site can disable cookies in their browser. By using this Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For more information about how Google uses data, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Google Optimize
. We use Google Optimize cookies to test and analyze how audiences interact with our Site. We do this to make informed decisions about how to provide a better experience for our visitors.
Google Tag Manager
. We use Google Tag Manager, a tag management system that allows us to quickly and easily update tracking codes and related code fragments collectively known as “tags” on our Site and mobile Applications.
Criteo
. We use Criteo to display interest-based advertising within the Criteo advertising network. To display interest-based advertising, Criteo uses cookies and other usage data that does not identify users directly. The Criteo privacy policy and opt-out possibility information are available at
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
.
Hotjar.
Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand the user experience (e.g., how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what they do and do not like, etc.) and enables us to build, maintain, and improve our service using user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users' behavior and their devices – in particular their device's IP address (captured and stored only in an anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our Site. Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor MOVAVI will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.
Outbrain
. We use Outbrain Inc. to place our advertising campaigns on the web, and we embed Outbrain’s pixel on our Site to collect analytics about internet users who interact with our campaigns. For more information about Outbrain’s privacy policy, please visit
https://www.outbrain.com/privacy/
.
Cookiebot CMP
. We use Cookiebot Consent Management Platform (CMP) to facilitate compliance with EU legislation concerning the use of cookies and similar technologies on our website, to help us obtain from you the relevant consents to the use of cookies and to make it possible for you to withdraw your consent as easy as you gave it.
For more information, including information on how to disable cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
3. Use of information we collect
3.1.
MOVAVI uses personal information for the following purposes:
Execution and performance of the agreements with you
Registration of your account
Personalization of products and special offers
Identification of you in the course of fulfilling MOVAVI’s obligations under our agreements with you
Communication with you for the purposes of informational support and improvement of the Applications, including notification through third parties
Improvement of the Site and Applications
Distribution of advertising materials from MOVAVI and/or third parties among users as the targeted audience
Targeting of advertising and/or informational materials
Conducting marketing, analytical, and other research based on automatically collected information
Verification of accounts and activity, detection, prevention, and responding to potential or actual security incidents and monitoring and protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity
Compliance with legal requirements
3.2. MOVAVI may share personal information with service providers as described below within the limits of the purposes listed above.
3.3. If the information submitted by you contains personal information, by using our Site, services, or products or by providing personal information to us, you freely and voluntarily grant MOVAVI written informed consent to process that data for the purposes defined by this Policy. This includes any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. This consent may be revoked at any time by
submitting a request
to our Support Team.
4. Privacy Policy principles
Our Privacy Policy is based on the following principles:
We process your data exclusively for the purposes and according to the methods provided when the data was collected.
We use the collected data only for purposes specified herein.
We let third parties access the provided data exclusively for the purposes specified herein.
We respond to requests for canceling, changing, or adding to the data provided.
We ensure proper and lawful data management.
We safeguard your privacy and apply appropriate security measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the data provided.
5. Sharing your information
5.1. We share information we collect about you in the ways discussed below.
Service Providers
. We share your personal information with third-party service providers that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support and market our Sites, Applications, and services. Following our instructions, these parties may process your personal information in the course of providing the relevant services to us. Third-party service providers only have access to the personal information they need to perform those services. In particular, we use third-party service providers of payment processing, fraud prevention, crash reporting services, analytics services, marketing services, advertising services, email communication and customer support services, and hosting and other information technology services.
Partners.
We may share your information with our partners that help us to drive traffic to our Sites or otherwise promote our Applications and services.
Business administrators
. If you are using the Application activation key that is provided to you by a Business or if you were invited to use the MOVAVI Site, services, and products by a Business, we may provide your email, Application activation information, Application use status (last use date) and operating system information to the relevant Business administrators for license management purposes.
Affiliates
. We may share your personal information with other companies under common ownership or control with MOVAVI. These companies use your personal information as described in this Policy.
Business transfers
. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of all or a portion of our assets, or transition of a service to another provider, your personal information and other information may be transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction.
Compelled disclosure.
We reserve the right to use or disclose your personal information if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process.
Others
. We may share your personal information in other ways if you have asked us to do so or have given consent. For example, with your consent, we post user testimonials that may identify you.
5.2. These transfers will be typically based on our legitimate interest or agreed upon in the contract.
5.3. If you prefer that we not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, please
contact our Support Team
.
6. Retention of personal information
If we collect your personal information, the length of time we retain it is determined by a number of factors, including the purpose for which we use that information and our obligations under applicable laws, but no longer than it is reasonably necessary in light of the purposes set out above. We may need your personal information to establish, bring, or defend legal claims. For this purpose, we retain your personal information for 7 years after the date it is no longer needed by us for any transactions, fulfilling contract purposes or marketing communications.
7. Your consent to receive information from MOVAVI
7.1. Our Site and Applications offer news and information regarding our products by subscription, including email newsletters. If you decide to subscribe to these services, you may be asked to provide your email address. By doing so, you agree to receive emails from MOVAVI with information about updates and any other information related to the Applications as well as other types of information from MOVAVI, including advertisements. We may use the information you provide to help develop content that is relevant to our users. You are free to cancel your subscription(s) at any time.
7.2. Where required by law we will only send you marketing information if you consent to us doing so at the time you provide us your personal information. You may opt out of receiving such emails by following the instructions in each promotional email we send you.
7.3. To cancel your subscription, follow the instructions at the bottom of the emails or email us at
privacy@movavi.com
and request the deletion of your data from our mailing list. In this case, MOVAVI will keep your personal information in its database but will not contact you unless you change your mind on this issue.
8. Protection of your information
8.1. MOVAVI stores information about users and takes the appropriate organizational and technical security measures to protect that information from unauthorized access and disclosure in compliance with internal rules and procedures (including GDPR).
8.2. We maintain administrative and technical safeguards for the protection of personal information. These safeguards include, without limitation, the following:
Administrative safeguards
: Access to personal information about users is limited to authorized personnel who have a legitimate need to know it based on their job descriptions – for example, employees who provide technical support to end users. All such data is subject to password protection. In the case of third-party contractors who process personal information on our behalf, similar requirements are imposed.
Technical safeguards
: Access to user information in our database via the Internet is not permitted except through an encrypted virtual private network (VPN). Other access is limited to our physical premises; the removal of personal information from our location is forbidden. Third-party contractors who process personal information on our behalf agree to provide reasonable physical safeguards.
8.3. If you create an account, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password for that account.
9. Your rights
Under data protection law as the data subject, you have rights we need to make you aware of. The rights available to you depend on our reason for collecting and processing your information.
Right of access
. You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information. This right always applies. However, there are some exceptions, when you may not always receive all the information we process about you.
Right to rectification
. You have a right to ask us to correct or complete your personal information if you find that it is inaccurate or incomplete. If we share your personal information with others, we will ask them to correct or complete it as soon as it is possible.
Right to erasure
. You may ask us to delete your personal information in certain circumstances, for example, if your personal information is no longer needed for its processing or if you want to withdraw your consent. If we share your personal information with others, we will notify them that they need to erase your information where it is possible.
Right to restriction of processing
. You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your data in cases determined by law.
Right to object to processing
. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information, under certain conditions.
Right to data portability
. You have the right to request that we transfer the information that we have collected to another organization or directly to you, under certain conditions.
Right to withdraw a consent
. If we rely on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, but this will not affect any processing of your data that has already taken place.
Right to make a complaint with a supervisory authority
. We work to high standards when it comes to processing your personal information. If you have queries or concerns, please contact us at
privacy@movavi.com
and we’ll respond. If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we handle your personal information, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns.
Right to non-discrimination
. We will not discriminate against you (e.g., through denying provision of products or services or providing a different level or quality of products or services) for exercising any of the rights available to you.
10. Other important privacy information
Sensitive information
. MOVAVI does not collect sensitive personal information such as sexual preferences, religion, political views, health conditions, or other sensitive personal information. We will not request it from you, and neither do we need it.
Data on children
. Persons under the age of 13, or any higher minimum age in the jurisdiction where that person resides, should not provide us with personal information unless they have the verifiable permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s). Our Site, products, and services are not intended for children under the age of 13 or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children but, if a parent, guardian, or anyone else believes that a child has submitted personal information to us and would like us to delete that information, they may contact us at
privacy@movavi.com
.
International transfers of personal information
. We collect information globally and may transfer, process, and store your information outside of your country of residence, to wherever we or our third-party service providers operate for the purpose of providing you our products and services. Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps to protect it. To facilitate our global operations, we transfer information globally and allow access to that information from countries in which MOVAVI owned or operated companies have operations for the purposes described in this Policy. These countries may have data protection laws less stringent than or otherwise different from the laws in effect in the country in which you are located. Moreover, some of the third parties described in this Policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. Where we transfer your personal data as described above, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data receives adequate security protection where it is processed and your rights continue to be protected pursuant to the applicable data protection law, including through the use of Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission. If you would like to receive more information on the safeguards that we implement as described above, please contact us as indicated below.
Third-party websites
. The Site and Applications may contain links to third-party websites. When the user follows these links, the user leaves the Site/Application, so MOVAVI takes no responsibility for the safety of user data during the use of third-party websites. Such websites may have their own privacy policy setting out the rules of collection and storage of user data. This Policy does not cover the data that is submitted to, stored, or used by third-party websites. We recommend that you carefully review the privacy policy of such third parties when using their websites. MOVAVI is not responsible for the use of your data by any third parties that you interact with in the course of using the Site or Application.
YouTube API
. Some Applications, e.g., Movavi Video Editor and Movavi Slideshow Maker, use the YouTube API to be able to add content to your YouTube channel. Via YouTube API we may collect user YouTube public video IDs for conducting research and improving our Site, Applications, and services. The full text of the terms of use can be found at
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
. The Google LLC Privacy Policy (YouTube service provider) can be found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
. In addition to the normal procedure for deleting stored data, you can revoke access to your data at any time using the Google security settings page at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
.
Google AdSense
. We use Google AdSense to provide advertisements to our users based on previous visits to our Site and other Sites on the Internet. Users can opt out of this by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy and adjusting their preferences.
AppsFlyer
. Our mobile applications are analyzed using technologies from AppsFlyer Inc. Various session and interaction data are collected from you and stored for this purpose. We need this information to improve the content and usability of our Applications and to optimize the user experience for you. The session and interaction data are at no time processed in a personalized form but under a pseudonym.
MailChimp
. We use MailChimp for newsletter and marketing emails. Through MailChimp, we track emails, including who opens the emails and who clicks on which link. For more information, please read Mailchimp’s
Global Privacy Statement
.
Yahoo Gemini
. We use Yahoo Gemini to place digital advertisements on Yahoo in order to provide up-to-date information to past Site visitors.
11.
Amendments
11.1.
This Policy may be amended or canceled by MOVAVI at its own discretion without prior notification of the user. We recommend that you regularly read the latest version of the Policy.
11.2. A new version of the Policy is effective from the moment of its publication unless specified otherwise by such new version of the Policy.
The currently effective version of the Policy is available on MOVAVI’s Site at
https://www.movavi.com/privacy.html
.
11.3. We value your trust and are always prepared to answer your questions about the handling of your personal information. If you have any questions or concerns, contact our Support Team.
12.
Registered office
Movavi Software Limited
Office 201, 3 Krinou Street, Agios Athanasios Municipality, 4103 Limassol, Cyprus.
Join us for discounts, editing tips, and content ideas
1.5M+ users already subscribed to our newsletter
Email
Sign Up
By signing up, I agree to receive marketing emails from Movavi and agree to
Movavi's Privacy Policy
.