Weight Loss Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Sttir Inc takes the privacy of our customers ("Customer", "you" or "your") seriously. This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information that Sttir Inc. ("Sttir", "us" or "we") or its third party service providers collect through the Weight Loss iOS application ("Weight Loss" or "Application"). Data collected through your use of the Application is governed by this Privacy Policy. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using the Application. By accessing or using Weight Loss, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Use of Personal Information
We will collect and use the following personal information ("Personal Information"; "User Information") through this Application:
1) Your health data
When you use the Application, you will be asked to provide the following Personal Information:
(You can personally change and modify this via the Application itself at any time.)
Gender, height, weight, body fat percentage (%), goal weight, goal body fat percentage (%), goal step count, and any other information recorded as part of your health data.
2) Account information
If you register an email for authentication purposes, you will be asked to provide your email address and a new password.
3) Information obtained at the time of inquiry
When you contact us, we will use your email address and device information to investigate and respond to your inquiry in addition to verifying your identity.
4) Information sent to Google Inc. via Google Analytics
Customer operation history and device information held within the Application
Google Analytics uses cookies to collect and analyze access logs and device information without any personally identifiable information. These will be managed in accordance with Google Inc.’s privacy policy. For more information about Google Inc.'s privacy policy, please click
here
or view other relevant URLs provided by Google Inc. that Google Inc. may provide from time to time.
Apple Health App Integration
You may opt to integrate Weight Loss with Apple's Health App Database. If you grant Weight Loss access to Apple's Health App Database, Weight Loss will import your data from the Health App Database into the Application in certain circumstances, such as to import steps entries from another source. In addition, Weight Loss may transfer data that you store locally on your Device, such as your weight history, to the Health App Database. Weight Loss cannot read from or write to the Health App Database unless you grant access. Data accessed from the Health App Database will never be shared with third parties, such as third party service providers and/or advertisers, without your permission. Weight Loss is in no way responsible for the protection of the Health Data and/or other information stored with Apple's Health App Database. You and Apple are solely responsible for the protection of such information in the Health App Database. Please review Apple's applicable policies and procedures before syncing and backing up your Health Data and/or other information with the Health App Database.
Sharing Information
Weight Loss allows you to share certain information, such as your weight history or a visual chart of your weight history, to email or social media services. Weight Loss will never automatically share this information to email or social media services without your consent. Weight Loss is in no way responsible for the protection of any information that you choose to share to email or social media. You and your service providers are solely responsible for the protection of such information. Please review any applicable policies and procedures before sharing your information therein.
Purpose of obtaining Personal Information
The Company will use Personal Information as described in other sections for the purposes listed below. We will not use Personal Information for any other purposes without the prior consent of the Customer.
1) To provide, improve, and develop the Application;
2) To prepare analytical and statistical data to improve the Application in a way that anonymizes Customer data;
3) To display advertising information and content within the Application;
4) To prepare and provide analytical and statistical data for research and marketing activities in a way that anonymizes Customer data;
5) To conduct questionnaire surveys regarding the Company's current or potential services;
6) To respond to Customer inquiries;
7) To prevent spamming, unauthorized access, and other unauthorized use;
8) To confirm the identity of the Customer and contact them in the case of unauthorized use, and
9) To provide other important notices regarding the Application and communicate as necessary.
Use of the information collection module
We may implement the third-party information collection module for the purposes described in items 1) to 9) of "Purpose of obtaining Personal Information" above, which would be independent of the Application’s functions.
Google Inc.
- Google Firebase
- Google Mobile Ads
For more information about Google Inc.'s privacy policy, please click
here
or view other relevant URLs provided by Google Inc. that Google Inc. may provide from time to time.
Obtaining an advertising ID and its purpose
When you use this Application, you will either obtain an Advertising ID (IDFA (Identifier for Advertisers) for the iOS app or an Android Advertising ID (AAID) for the Android app, depending on your device’s operating system.
Advertising IDs are used for the following purposes:
1) To distribute and generate targeted ads;
2) To measure, verify, and report advertising effectiveness, and
3) To research and improve advertising effectiveness.
We may provide advertising IDs to third parties in order to achieve the above purposes.
You can opt out of tracked ads by selecting the opt-out option. For more information specific to your operating system, please refer to your device's settings.
Provision of Personal Information to a third party
We will not provide Customer Personal Information to a third party without consent, except in the following cases:
1) When agreed in advance;
2) When required by law;
3) When it is necessary for the protection of a person's life, physical health, or property and is difficult to obtain the actual consent of the Customer via normal methods;
4) When it is necessary to cooperate with a national agency or local government or a person entrusted by such a body to carry out the operations prescribed by laws and regulations when obtaining consent may interfere with the execution of such operations, and
5) In any event that the Company's business is taken over through a merger, corporate separation, business transfer, or any other reason.
Aggregated Data Collection
Weight Loss may automatically collect anonymous information regarding your interaction with, and use of, Weight Loss. Information we may collect includes, but is not limited to, device type, IP address, OS version, and other information about your interactions with the Application. This data does not include and is never linked to your Personal Information or Health Data, and we do not use it to identify you personally.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect information about you that is in our possession and control, such as your Personal Information and Health Data, from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Unfortunately, no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free. In particular, email sent between you and us may not be secure, due, for instance, to the security practices that you, your email carrier, and/or Internet provider employ. You should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any personal data to us via the Internet. You are solely responsible for the protection of your Device, including any use of Weight Loss or any storage of Personal Information or Health Data incident to the use of Weight Loss on your Device. Please consult your Device's documentation on how to manage local storage and how to apply appropriate security controls to the Device for the protection of information such as passwords. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Device password. Personal Information or Health Data that is stored on your Device is your responsibility. In the event that your Device becomes lost or inoperable, your Health Data may not be recoverable (see relevant sections above).
Privacy Policy Updates
At times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy such as due to changes in the services we offer, Apple's policies and procedures, and/or the applicable laws of the Japan. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. However, in the case of changes to the Application’s content that require legal agreement by the Customer, we shall obtain their consent in a manner deemed appropriate by us.Please review this Privacy Policy periodically, especially before you provide any Personal Information or Health Data to Weight Loss. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated below. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on Weight Loss. As set forth above, your continued use of the Application after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your acceptance and agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
International Users
Sttir Inc is located in the Japan and is subject to the applicable laws of the Japan. If you use Weight Loss, you consent to the use and disclosure of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and subject to such laws.
Contact Us
If you have questions about the policies described in this statement, please contact us directly at
Weight Loss Help Center
Effective Date of Privacy Policy: 04/01/2017; Last Updated: 09/15/2020
Weight Loss Terms of Use
Terms of Use
These Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Agreement”) set out the terms on which Sttir, Inc. ("Sttir", "us" or "we") , doing business as the Weight Loss ("Weight Loss", "us" or "we") will provide Weight Loss software and services on the Weight Loss website, www.weightloss.me, and other Weight Loss controlled or operated websites and through Weight Loss's mobile device applications (collectively, the "Service") to you, a user of the Service (“You” or “User”), as well as the benefit of this Agreement to any Weight Loss officer, director, employee or agent of Weight Loss or corporate entity affiliated with Weight Loss (each, a "Weight Loss Affiliate").

		By providing Your email address and creating an account as a User of the Service, or by otherwise using the Service, You agree to comply with and be bound by this Agreement, which we may change at any time without prior notice. Users bound by this Agreement include both those using Weight Loss for their own weight loss goals (sometimes referred to as “Individual Users”). PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY, AND PLEASE CHECK THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS PERIODICALLY FOR CHANGES. If You do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the Service.
1) Registration.
If You register as a User, You represent and warrant to Weight Loss that: (i) You are of legal age to form a binding contract; (ii) You will provide Weight Loss with accurate, current and complete registration information; and (iii) Your registration and Your use of the Service is not prohibited by law. Weight Loss reserves the right to suspend or terminate Your registration, or Your access to this Service, with or without notice to You, in the event that You breach any term of this Agreement.
2) Ownership of the Service and Related Intellectual Property.
All the text, images (e.g. avatars), marks, logos, compilations (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly of information), data, other content, software and materials displayed on the Service or used by Weight Loss to operate the Service, excluding any User Content (as defined below) is proprietary to us or to third parties. Weight Loss expressly reserves all rights, including all intellectual property rights, in all of the foregoing, and except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, any use, redistribution, sale, decompilation, reverse engineering, disassembly, translation or other exploitation of them is strictly prohibited.
3) Your Registration and User Content.
The information You submit to us as part of Your registration, and any data, photographs, text, graphics, video, and other material that You submit or post to Weight Loss (“User Content”), remain Your intellectual property, and Weight Loss does not claim any ownership of the copyright or other proprietary rights in such information and User Content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, You agree that Weight Loss may retain copies of all registration information and User Content and use such information and User Content as reasonably necessary for or incidental to its operation of the Service and as described in the Agreement and the Weight Loss Privacy Policy, and You grant Weight Loss the non-exclusive, worldwide, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable right to publish, distribute, publicly display and perform the User Content in connection with the Service and as provided for in the Weight Loss Privacy Policy.
4) License to Use the Service.
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Weight Loss authorizes You to use the Service for Your personal, non-commercial purposes. The Service includes certain premium features and services that Weight Loss offers for a fee (“Premium Services”); You are only authorized to use Premium Services if You have paid the applicable fees. You may not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices that have been placed in the Service. Except as expressly permitted above, modification, reproduction, redistribution, republication, uploading, posting, transmitting, distributing or otherwise exploiting in any way the Service, or any portion of the Service, is strictly prohibited without the prior written permission of Weight Loss. The Service is licensed, not sold, and You obtain no rights in any copy of software related to the Service other than the rights described in this paragraph.

		You agree, and represent and warrant, that Your use of the Service, or any portion thereof, will be consistent with the foregoing license, covenants and restrictions and will neither infringe nor violate the rights of any other party or breach any contract or legal duty to any other parties. In addition, You agree that You will comply with all applicable laws, regulations and ordinances relating to the Service or Your use of it, and You will be solely responsible for Your own individual violations of any of any such laws.

		You are solely responsible for obtaining the equipment and telecommunication services necessary to access the Service, and all fees associated therewith (such as computing devices and Internet service provider and airtime charges).

		We retain the right to implement any changes to the Service (whether to unpaid or Premium Services) at any time, with or without notice. You acknowledge that a variety of Weight Loss actions may impair or prevent You from accessing the Service at certain times and/or in the same way, for limited periods or permanently, and agree that Weight Loss has no responsibility or liability as a result of any such actions or results, including, without limitation, for the deletion of, or failure to make available to You, any content or services.
5) Payment
5.1 Fees and Premium Services
If You purchase any Premium Services, either on a one-time or subscription basis, You will pay Weight Loss the applicable fees and any related taxes (other than taxes on Weight Loss's income). Weight Loss may change its fees at any time by publishing written notice on the Service or AppStore. 

		You will pay all fees and taxes as they become due. Your obligation to pay fees continues through the end of the subscription period during which You cancel Your subscription. If Your payment card issuer or bank does not honor charges You have paid using Your card, You will remain directly liable to Weight Loss for all unpaid amounts. If You fail to pay applicable fees, Weight Loss reserves the right to charge interest at the rate of 1.5% per month, or the maximum amount permitted by law (if lower). You may cancel Your Premium Services here. You also acknowledge that Premium Services are subject to this Agreement and any additional terms related to the provision of the Premium Service.

		Nonpayment of any fees or other sums due to Weight Loss or any other party related to Your use of the Service will result in Service termination. We may, at our discretion, also appoint an outside debt collection agency to collect amounts owed to us. You agree to reimburse us for all costs that we incur in enforcing our collection of Your unpaid amounts, including debt collection agency fees, reasonable attorneys' and legal fees and court costs.

		All overcharges or billing disputes must be reported within 30 days of the time that the dispute occurred. If You dispute a charge to Your payment card issuer that, in our reasonable judgment, is a valid charge under the provisions of this Agreement, You agree to pay us an additional charge (“Administration Charge”) to investigate the matter. We will refund any such Administration Charge if our investigation finds that Your action in disputing the charge to Your card issuer was justified because the charge was not valid under the provisions of this Agreement.

		For the purposes of our lifetime Premium subscription, lifetime constitutes 100 years or until the date Sttir, Inc. ceases to commercially offer the Products.
5.2 Automatic Renewal Options
By signing up for certain subscriptions, You agree that Your subscription will be automatically renewed. Unless You cancel Your subscription, You authorize us to charge Your payment method for the renewal term. The period of auto-renewal will be the same as Your initial subscription period unless otherwise disclosed to You at the time of subscription purchase. The renewal rate will be no more than the rate for the immediately prior subscription period, excluding any promotional and discount pricing, unless we notify You of a rate change prior to Your auto-renewal. You must cancel Your subscription in accordance with the cancellation procedures disclosed to You for the particular subscription. We will not refund fees that may have accrued to Your account and will not prorate fees for a cancelled subscription. From time to time, we may offer a free trial subscription for a service. If You register for a free trial subscription, we will begin to bill Your account within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period, unless You cancel Your subscription at least 24 hours before the end of the current period.
5.3 Refund Policy
All fees and charges are nonrefundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods. All Premium Services and Your rights to use them expire at the end of the paid period of Your Premium Services account.
6) Forums, Chat Spaces and Blogs.
A number of Service features, such as the feature allowing You to share weight loss information with friends, and any chat areas and blogs, offer opportunities for sharing information with others (the “Interactive Features”). Weight Loss does not edit or control User Content that You and other Users post to or distribute through the Interactive Features, and will not be in any way responsible or liable for User Content. Weight Loss does not vet or control the Users or other individuals that use the Service or Interactive Features. Weight Loss shall not be liable for any loss or damage that any person may suffer as a result of using Interactive Features. All Users use the Interactive Features at their own risk. Users should exercise caution in interacting with unknown persons that they meet using the Interactive Features in the same way that they would exercise caution in the physical world.
No User of any Interactive Feature shall:
(a) use a Interactive Feature in violation of, or in connection with any violation of, any local, state, national or international laws;
(b) impersonate any person or entity, or forge or manipulate headers to disguise the origin of any User Content;
(c) except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including email addresses, without their consent;
(d) post any material more than once or “spam”; or
(e) engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying any Interactive Feature, User Content, or the Service, or which, in Weight Loss's sole judgment, exposes Weight Loss or any officer, director, employee or agent of Weight Loss (each a “Weight Loss Affiliate”) to any liability or detriment of any type.
7) Service Restrictions.
No User of this Service shall submit, upload to, distribute through or otherwise post to the Weight Loss app (including any Interactive Feature) any material that:
(a) is libelous, defamatory, threatening, abusive, scandalous, obscene, pornographic or unlawful or that encourages a criminal offense;
(b) contains any advertising, promotional, solicitation or other commercial material;
(c) contains material from other copyrighted works without the written consent of the owner of such copyrighted material, other than reasonable excerpts permitted under the copyright doctrine of fair use;
(d) infringes any copyright or violates any property rights, rights of privacy or publicity, or any other rights of any third party;
(e) contains any statement, formula, direction, recipe, prescription or other matter that involves a reasonably foreseeable risk of injury or damage to the material's readers or others; or
(f) contains any software viruses or any other code, file or program that is designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software, hardware or telecommunications equipment.
Neither You nor any other party may, without our prior written permission, deep link to, frame, spider, harvest or scrape the Service or User Content, or otherwise access the Service or Content for any purposes, or use any machine, electronic, web-based or similar device to read or extract the Service or User Content by machine based or automated means.
8) Weight Loss Rights
Weight Loss reserves the right (but is not obligated) to do any or all of the following:
(a) record User Content;
(b) Investigate an allegation that User Content or User registration information does not conform to the terms and conditions of this Agreement;
(c) remove User Content or User registration information that is abusive, illegal or disruptive, or that otherwise fails to conform with the terms and conditions of this Agreement;
(d) monitor, edit or disclose any User Content or User registration information, and otherwise generally monitor Your use of the Service; or
(e) edit or delete any User Content or User registration information, regardless of whether such content violates any terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Weight Loss and Weight Loss Affiliates have no liability or responsibility to Users of the Service or any other person or entity for performance or nonperformance of the aforementioned activities.
9) Ideas Submitted to Weight Loss
Weight Loss is pleased to hear from You and welcomes Your comments about the Service. In the event that You submit ideas or suggestions for the Service (“Service Comments”), the Service Comments will be deemed, and will remain, the sole property of Weight Loss. None of the Service Comments will be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of Weight Loss, and Weight Loss and Weight Loss Affiliates will not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Service Comments. Without limiting the foregoing, Weight Loss will be entitled to unrestricted use and other exploitation of the Service Comments for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, by any means, by any media, without compensation to the provider, author, creator or inventor of the Service Comments.
Warranties. WITHOUT LIMITATION OF THE FOREGOING, WEIGHT LOSS AND WEIGHT LOSS AFFILIATES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND REGARDING THE SERVICE OR USER CONTENT. THE SERVICE AND USER CONTENT ARE PROVIDED IN “AS-IS” CONDITION, AND WEIGHT LOSS AND WEIGHT LOSS AFFILIATES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, INCLUDING: ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, AND ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING AND USAGE OF TRADE; THAT THE SERVICE AND USER CONTENT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, WILL ALWAYS BE AVAILABLE, ACCESSIBLE, UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR OPERATE WITHOUT ERROR, AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE OPERATION, USE OR OTHER EXPLOITATION OF THE SERVICE AND USER CONTENT, AND AS TO THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICE OR THE USER CONTENT. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM WEIGHT LOSS OR ANY Weight Loss AFFILIATE OR THROUGH THE SERVICE OR USER CONTENT WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN.
YOU USE THE SERVICE AND USER CONTENT AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND NEITHER Weight Loss NOR WEIGHT LOSS AFFILIATES WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY OF THEIR OPERATION, USE OR OTHER EXPLOITATION.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL YOU BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER FROM WEIGHT LOSS OR WEIGHT LOSS AFFILIATES ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF USE), WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THE SERVICE OR USER CONTENT, EVEN IF WEIGHT LOSS OR WEIGHT LOSS AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN INFORMED OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF WEIGHT LOSS AND WEIGHT LOSS AFFILIATES FOR ANY AND ALL DAMAGES ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT OF FEES PAID BY YOU TO Weight Loss IN THE THREE (3) MONTHS BEFORE THE LIABILITY IS ALLEGED TO HAVE ARISEN, OR, IF NO AMOUNTS WERE PAID DURING SUCH PERIOD, THE AMOUNT OF $1. THIS LIMITATION WILL APPLY WHETHER THE DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES OR OF LIABILITY, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
You shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Weight Loss and Weight Loss Affiliates against any and all claims, actions, proceedings, suits, liabilities, losses, damages, costs, expenses and attorneys' fees arising in connection with Your use of the Service or Your breach of any provision of this Agreement. Weight Loss reserves the right the assume the sole control of the defense and settlement of any claim, action, suit or proceeding for which You are obliged to provide indemnification hereunder. You will cooperate with Weight Loss with respect to such defense and settlement.
10) Link to the Privacy Statement.
Weight Loss operates the Service under the Privacy Policy published at
Weight Loss Privacy Policy
. We urge You to read this policy now and, because the policy is updated from time to time, later at Your convenience.
11) Applicable Law and Jurisdiction; Compliance.
Sttir Inc is located in the Japan and is subject to the applicable laws of the Japan. If you use Weight Loss, you consent to the use and disclosure of information in accordance with this Terms of Use and subject to such laws.
12) Cloud Services and Third Party Services.
Without limitation of the disclaimers and limitations of liability set forth in Section 9, You acknowledge and agree as follows: (a) we provide the Service using cloud computing services of one or more third party cloud providers (collectively, the “Cloud Providers”); (b) the price at which we could afford to offer the Service would vary if we provided the Service other than using such cloud services; and (c) we shall not be responsible or liable to You for any act, omission or failure of any Cloud Provider.
The Service may depend upon, interact with or enable access to the information, other content, services or websites of third parties (each, a “Third Party Service”), which may in each case be accompanied by separate terms of use. Use of each Third Party Service may require that You accept additional terms of use. You must comply with the applicable terms of use when using the Third Party Service and the Service.
You acknowledge that do not endorse, and we are neither responsible nor liable for, the content, quality, interpretations or recommendations of any other Third Party Services. Weight Loss Does not assume, and hereby disclaims, all liability, obligation or responsibility in connection with any transactions between You and any other provider of Third Party Services. These transactions are entirely at the risk of You and such third party. If You have a dispute with other third party, You release Weight Loss (and our agents and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such dispute.
13) Miscellaneous Provisions.
No delay or omission by Weight Loss in exercising any of its rights occurring upon any noncompliance or default by You with respect to this Agreement will impair any such right or be construed to be a waiver thereof, and a waiver by Weight Loss of any of the covenants, conditions or agreements to be performed by You will not be construed to be a waiver of any succeeding breach thereof or of any other covenant, condition or agreement hereof contained. As used in this Agreement, “including” means “including but not limited to.” If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement will remain in full force and effect and will be reformed to be valid and enforceable while reflecting the intent of the parties to the greatest extent permitted by law. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between You and Weight Loss regarding its subject matter, and supersedes all prior promises, agreements or representations, whether written or oral, regarding such subject matter. You agree that the electronic text of this Agreement constitutes a writing and Your assent to the terms and conditions hereof constitutes a “signing” for all purposes. There shall be no third party beneficiaries to this Agreement other than Weight Loss Affiliates. In no event shall Weight Loss be liable for any failure to comply with this Agreement to the extent that such failure arises from factors outside Weight Loss's reasonable control.
Effective Date of Terms: 04/01/2017; Last Updated: 09/01/2020