HashCube, Playzio & Tectum’s Privacy Policy
Effective Date: October 11, 2010
(Last Updated August 26, 2024)
Privacy policy implies to all the services Offered by Hashcube Software Private Limited. which are:
Hashcube
Playzio
Tectum
Welcome to HashCube/Playzio/Tectum(“HashCube”) a personal online service operated by HashCube Software Private Limited.("HashCube") which consists of, among other things, software that you have downloaded or are about to download, any software that you have embedded on a web site or are about to embed ("HashCube Games"), any applications created by HashCube and available through social networking sites ("SNS Apps"), any software running on HashCube's servers, ("HashCube Software"), content, related documentation, information on the HashCube domain, and information made available by users to each other through the HashCube Software (collectively, the "Service"). Your privacy is important to us and, as described in this Privacy Policy, we have designed the Service to protect information about you from unauthorized disclosure to others. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and, in certain circumstances, share your personally identifying information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, and if you have any questions, feel free to contact us.
What We Collect :
HashCube gives you a number of options regarding what information you will give us: When you register a profile with HashCube, your profile including any information (name, address, gender) will be registered with HashCube. When you identify yourself on a HashCube site, you may identify yourself using a HashCube account. When you identify yourself on a HashCube site, you may identify yourself through a social network account in which HashCube may receive additional information about your profile.
In each case, we will collect and record the information you have provided. Other than names and email addresses provided at your discretion, we don't generally collect any Personally Identifying Information about our users (such as social security number, telephone number, street address, drivers license number, etc.), exception being for billing and payments where we store your billing information such as name, street address, phone number. We may offer you the opportunity to submit other information about yourself (such as gender, age, occupation, hobbies, interests, zip code, etc.), or we may be able to collect that information from social networking systems on which you have used HashCube Games or SNS Apps (in accordance with the terms of use of those systems), which would then also be covered by this Privacy Policy.
In addition to information about yourself, you may choose to share information about yourself in other content ("Content"), such as in games. Any action you perform with other players are considered public, and at your own discretion.
When you use an SNS App on your social network page or use an SNS App on someone else's page, we may record information regarding the use of that SNS App, and we may collect other information that is visible on your social network page in accordance with the relevant terms of use associated with that page.
Note that since most HashCube Software is served through SNS Apps, it is your responsibility to read and accept their Terms of Use, as well as Privacy Policy prior to continuing.
When you invite new members into your network or send messages through the Service, we collect and maintain on secure servers the information associated with those messages, including email addresses and content.
We may use information about you that we collect from other sources, including but not limited to newspapers and Internet sources such as blogs, instant messaging services, HashCube games and other users of HashCube, to supplement your profile.
HashCube may contain links to other websites. We are of course not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by HashCube.
You should also be aware that most content delivered through HashCube games originates with another content provider. Such other content providers may place cookies on your browser, or otherwise gather information about you, including by asking you to provide information through the site itself.
Finally, in order to provide the best possible service and to allow us to make certain internal reports and make recommendations, we collect aggregate information about the use of the Service, including information about users accessing the HashCube site or playing HashCube games or using SNS Apps on other sites, such as internet protocol addresses, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, other browser history, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time ("Activity Information").
By using the Service, you consent to our retaining all the above-described information in anonymous form as long as HashCube sees fit.
Children Under The Age Of 13 :
HashCube does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for HashCube or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on HashCube. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at admin@hashcube.com
Children Between The Ages of 13 and 18 :
We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
How We Use Your Information :
We do not sell or rent your Personally Identifiable Information to any third party. We may, however, use certain information about you that is not personally identifiable.
We use public information collected to determine the kinds of content that you would like to view and to assist any advertisers in targeting their advertising.
We may also use your name, email address and other information on our system to notify you of new product releases, service notifications, and to solicit your feedback and input. Those emails will contain links for preference management and where appropriate, unsubscribe links should you decide you do not want to receive further emails.
You understand and agree that we may access, preserve, and disclose any information we may have about you and the contents of your account if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order, or to protect our rights and property, or that of our affiliates or the public. HashCube is not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that HashCube receives.
HashCube may maintain copies of your Content indefinitely, or delete certain Content in whole or in part if HashCube determines, in its sole discretion, that such Content constitutes an "Infringing Posting" or a "Prohibited Posting" as defined in our Terms of Use or for any or no reason.
We also use non-Personally Identifiable Information and certain technical information about your computer and your access of the Service (including your internet protocol address) in order to operate, maintain and manage the Service.
HashCube may disclose information about you to its partners in order to provide the Service, resolve service problems and correct errors in the Service, to communicate with you about the Service, to provide you with advertising and promotional information in connection with the Service, and to enhance your experience on the Service. However, we do not give our partners an independent right to share this information.
Due to our contractual obligations with these third parties and the need to share information to deliver and support the Service, we cannot provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of sharing information (whether Personally Identifiable Information or other information) with these third parties.
HashCube, certain of its partners, and each of their contractors and employees may view the Content that you transmit to the service to provide the Service and otherwise perform the tasks set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Controlling & Deletion of Your Personal Information :
Be advised that if you send messages or post material containing personal information, that information may be collected and used by others.
You can terminate/delete your account at any time which will remove your profile and other personal information from view. HashCube, however, may (but is not obligated to) keep information about you that is on its system following your termination.
Deletion of Personal Data:
Users can request for deletion of data by contacting us. Please contact Hashcube support (Open the App > Settings on Map screen > click on Help button on settings pop up > Contact us) and request for deletion of data or for any queries on personal data information. Alternatively reach us via email to support@hashcube.com
Transfer of Information :
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event of a transfer of ownership of HashCube or the acquisition of substantially all the assets of HashCube related to the business which collected such information, such as acquisition by or merger with another company. In such an event, HashCube may notify users who have provided email addresses when information about those users is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Others' Information :
You may decide to provide us with another person's email address so that person may be invited to join HashCube or so that we may facilitate your communication with other people through the Service (such as when you upload an address book).
You may also provide us with another person's contact information for purposes of delivering information through SNS Apps. We use this information to contact and, if necessary, remind that person that he or she has been invited to join HashCube or received content through an SNS App. All invitees are provided with the option not to receive further invitations from HashCube. We may disclose such information if required to do so in order to comply with legal process, as described above.
Cookies :
The Service sends "cookies" to your computer when you access the HashCube site, or otherwise view content through a HashCube game, or use an SNS App and the Service uses such cookies as described in here. The Service uses cookies to improve the quality of our service, make recommendations, and make the Service easier to use for our users. A cookie is a small text file recorded on your hard drive that identifies you as a unique user and contains certain information about your particular login session and/or your use of the Service.
Use of Information :
HashCube may contain links to other web sites, and content in HashCube game and SNS Apps may be hosted by other web sites. In addition, as described above, most content offered through HashCube games or SNS Apps is served or hosted by other sites. These other sites maintain their own policies regarding cookies and the collection and use of personal information. It is up to you to review those policies yourself.
Third-Party Advertising Companies :
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our site and on certain HashCube games and SNS Apps. Our system and the third-party advertising technology uses information derived from Activity Information, HashCube's cookies on your hard drive, your visits to our site, the HashCube games that you view and the SNS Apps you use to target advertising within our site or HashCube games or SNS Apps. In addition, our advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on our site and other sites. In the course of advertisements being served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed on your computer. Similarly, third-party advertising companies may provide us with pixel tags (also called clear gifs or beacons) to help manage and optimize our online advertising. Beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits the site on which the beacon is located, and to learn which banner ads bring users to a given site.
HashCube does not provide any Personally Identifiable Information to third-party advertising companies. Note, however, that if an advertiser asks HashCube to show an advertisement to users with certain characteristics (for example, women ages 18-24) or a segment of that group (for example, women ages 18-24 who have viewed certain categories of content) and you respond to that advertisement, the third-party advertising company may conclude that you have the characteristics of the audience that they are trying to reach.
For Apps listed in "Designed for Families category" :
How do we comply with COPPA ?
As per FTC guidelines we have designed a neutral age screen mechanism which allows a user freely to enter month, day and year of birth.
For children under age 13 :
We don't collect any personally identifiable information such as name, address, phone number, email address .... etc.
We don't use any SDKs and third party services that collects personal information from users.
We collect advertising ID and use aggregate data of users internally to provide a better game play experience.
Social networking features:
Facebook:
Facebook is used to sync their data across multiple devices and it is behind neutral age gate screen. Facebook login feature will be disabled for players below 18 years.
Ads are being served exclusively from certified ad networks. COPPA settings will be enabled in Ad networks settings.
List of ad networks :
Google AdMob
- For Apps that are listed in "Designed for families category", Admob automatically restricts ad content. Child directed tag will be enabled in Admob SDK.  Admob collects Geo location information to show country specific Ads.
Ironsource
: Ironsource has designed its service to comply with the ftc COPPA guidelines. Data will be used to serve contextual ads, for frequency capping and for internal operations as permitted by COPPA.
We exclude adult ad categories for each separate ad network. Networks that don’t support filtration of categories will be fully disabled. If any listed ad network violates COPPA regulations, It will be removed/disabled with immediate effect.
Crashlytics:
We use crashlytics to get to know about crash information in our product. We don’t send any specific Personally Identifiable information from our game to crashlytics.
Data Security
All data is stored in AWS server behind firewalls. No personal information is store in our servers for players playing on Android. HashCube also maintains separate test and production environments. Only employees with a valid login and password are given access to our servers.
Security :
HashCube takes appropriate precautions to protect our users' information. Your account information is located on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information with HashCube (such as credit card number or your password), we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
            Because email and instant messaging are not recognized as secure communications, we request that you not send private information to us by email or instant messaging services. If you have any questions about the security of HashCube Web Site, please contact us at admin@hashcube.com
Privacy Policy Changes :
Although most changes are likely to be minor, HashCube may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in HashCube's sole discretion. HashCube encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Additional Questions :
Again, feel free to contact us by sending an email to support, any time, if you have further questions about HashCube or this Privacy Policy, or if you want to receive a previous version of this document.