By clicking
“Accept All Cookies”
, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our
Privacy Policy
for more information.
Preferences
Deny
Accept
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit websites, they may store or retrieve data in your browser. This storage is often necessary for the basic functionality of the website. The storage may be used for marketing, analytics, and personalization of the site, such as storing your preferences. Privacy is important to us, so you have the option of disabling certain types of storage that may not be necessary for the basic functioning of the website. Blocking categories may impact your experience on the website.
Reject all cookies
Allow all cookies
Manage Consent Preferences by Category
Essential
Always Active
These items are required to enable basic website functionality.
Marketing
Essential
These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Advertising networks usually place them with the website operator’s permission.
Personalization
Essential
These items allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For example, a website may provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing data about your current location.
Analytics
Essential
These items help the website operator understand how its website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. This storage type usually doesn’t collect information that identifies a visitor.
Confirm my preferences and close
Try it free
Scan the qr code
→
↓
‍
to download the
GOWOD app
Privacy policy
This policy indicates the type of data collected when using the "GOWOD" Application and the website
www.gowod.app
and its subdomains, how it is used, and how it is shared.
‍
This privacy policy is also reproduced and made available to the User on the "GOWOD" Application.
1. Data Controller
The processing of personal data of Users is carried out under the responsibility of the following data controller:
‍
GOWOD company
1025 avenue Henri Becquerel, Bat 22
34000 MONTPELLIER
represented by Mr. Thibaud SALINE.
‍
2. Collection of personal data
The personal data collected through the Application and the website are as follows:
User's identification data (such as name, first name, photograph, password, electronic contact details, and User ID)
Personal characteristics (such as date of birth, gender, User's sports practice, name of the CrossFit gym to which the User is affiliated)
Sports performance data (such as flexibility level per joint or body part)
Financial data (such as User's payment information)
User's connection data (such as IP address, type of device used, connection city, internet service provider)
3. Use of Personal Data
The processing of User's personal data by GOWOD has the following purposes:
Responding to User's inquiries regarding the services offered on the Application, based on GOWOD's legitimate interest in addressing User's requests
Managing, invoicing, and processing payments for subscriptions to the Application, based on the performance of the contract
Creating or modifying an account on the Application, based on the performance of the contract
Providing user support services, based on the performance of the contract
Generating business statistics, based on GOWOD's legitimate commercial interest
Sending newsletters and personalized offers through electronic communication to Users, based on Users' consent
Providing technical, logistical, or other functions on behalf of GOWOD by third parties, based on the performance of the contract
The sharing of certain data with their gym, to which the User has indicated their membership or affiliation, or with their sports coach in order to enhance coaching services based on the User's consent.
Conducting audience measurement, including the number of page views, visits to the website and the Application, user activity on the website, and their frequency of return, based on Users' consent
Improving the Application and its content by inviting Users to participate in surveys, studies, satisfaction surveys, based on GOWOD's legitimate interest in improving its services
Preventing and detecting fraud, malware, and managing security incidents, based on GOWOD's legitimate interest in ensuring the security of its website and Application
Managing potential disputes with Users, based on GOWOD's legitimate interest in defending its rights
Handling requests for access, rectification, objection, portability, erasure, withdrawal, and defining post-mortem data usage directives, based on GOWOD's legal obligations
Debt collection and exercising any legal rights by GOWOD, based on GOWOD's legitimate interest in defending its rights
If the User's personal data were to be processed for different purposes, GOWOD commits to informing the User and, when required by law, obtaining their prior consent.
4. Cookies and Social Networks
GOWOD uses the following cookies on the website:
Google Analytics Cookies:
‍
The Google Analytics service provided by Google LLC allows for the counting of Users and the identification of how they use the website. The data generated by these cookies pertains to the use of the site and the Users' connection city, collected through their truncated IP addresses. This data is immediately anonymized by the Google Analytics service and is not disclosed to GOWOD. Under no circumstances can the company identify an individual through this data. For more information, Users can consult the Google Privacy Information page.
GOWOD recommends that Users accept these cookies in order to facilitate the browsing process on the website. However, Users are free to choose whether or not to accept cookies. If Users wish to refuse these cookies, GOWOD invites them to adjust the cookie settings on a case-by-case basis or refuse them systematically by configuring their internet browser.
The personal data collected (cookie identifier) is retained by GOWOD for a period of one month.
GOWOD is present on various social networks such as Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, and YouTube. As such, GOWOD may process the public data from users' social network profiles who share, subscribe, follow, or interact with GOWOD on these platforms.
‍
GOWOD cannot be held responsible for the public data of Users accessible on these networks and platforms. It is therefore advisable for Users to familiarize themselves with the privacy policies applicable to each platform in order to configure their privacy settings.
‍
In any case, GOWOD does not create any databases from the personal information that Users may publish on social networks and does not process any data related to Users' privacy through these means.
5. Sharing of Personal Data with Third Parties
GOWOD company shares the collected data with technical service providers responsible for the maintenance and hosting of its Application and website, payment service providers, legal service providers, litigation service providers, accounting service providers, and those responsible for managing the relationship with the User, solely for the aforementioned purposes and to the extent necessary to fulfill the tasks entrusted to them.GOWOD may also, subject to the User's consent, provide access to certain personal data of the User to the CrossFit facility to which they are affiliated or to their sports coach.
‍
GOWOD requires these recipients to use the User's personal data only for managing the services they are entrusted with and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations regarding the protection of personal data.
‍
Where applicable, the User's personal data may be disclosed to third parties authorized by law (particularly within the framework of an express and justified request from judicial authorities).Finally, if GOWOD is involved in a merger, acquisition, asset transfer, or judicial reorganization procedure, it may be required to transfer or share all or part of its assets, including personal data. In such a case, Users would be informed before any transfer of personal data to a third party occurs.
6. Storage of personal data
The data is stored in accordance with the law for a duration justified by the purposes of the processing, namely:
Data used for commercial prospecting purposes are kept for up to 3 years from their collection or the last contact with the User.
Data allowing the identification of the User is kept for up to 5 years after the end of the contractual relationship with the GOWOD company in order to process the User's requests and claims.
Data relating to commercial communications between the GOWOD company and the User, especially in the case of information requests or User complaints, are kept for the duration necessary for the processing of the User's request. Beyond this period, they may be stored in an archive database for an additional period, particularly for evidentiary purposes.
Some of the personal data is stored for the duration necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. The GOWOD company keeps invoices for a period of 10 years, in order to comply with its legal obligations for the retention of accounting documents and supporting documents.
Regarding processing for statistical purposes and exclusively for study purposes, if the analysis requires it, the initial retention period for all this data may be extended up to 3 years.
Personal data of Users located in the European Union is stored within the European Union in the databases of the GOWOD company or those of its service providers, and personal data of Users located outside the European Union is stored in the United States.
7. Security and confidentiality
The GOWOD company implements organizational, technical, software, and physical measures regarding digital security to protect personal data against unauthorized alteration, structuring, and access. To fulfill this commitment, the GOWOD company uses the services of specialized third-party companies for the storage and security of digital data. However, it is important to note that the Internet is not a completely secure environment, and the GOWOD company cannot guarantee the security of transmission or storage of information on the internet.
8. Implementation of Users' Rights
In accordance with the applicable regulations on personal data, Users have the right to access their data, the right to rectify inaccurate or incomplete information, the right to erase data that is no longer necessary for processing, the right to withdraw their consent to processing, the right to object to the processing of their data when there are no legitimate and compelling reasons justifying the processing, the right to object to commercial prospecting, the right to limit processing, the right to data portability, the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, and the right to define directives regarding the fate of their data after their death.
‍
Users can exercise these rights by writing to the email address
contact@gowod.eu
. They can also exercise some of these rights directly in the settings of their account on the Application (including obtaining a copy of personal data, updating or deleting data concerning them, and deleting their account).
The User must provide their first and last names, email address, or postal address to which they wish to receive the response from GOWOD. In order to prevent fraudulent requests, the User must provide proof of identity. After processing the request, this proof will be destroyed. In accordance with the law, this request will receive a response within one month following its receipt. Finally, the User has the right to lodge a complaint with the CNIL or any other competent supervisory authority in their country of residence.
9. Evolution of the Privacy Policy and Protection of Personal Data
GOWOD reserves the right to make any changes to this privacy policy at any time. If a modification is made to these clauses, GOWOD undertakes to publish the new version on its Application. It will also inform the User of the modification by email, at least 15 days before the effective date. If the User does not agree with the terms of the new version of the personal data protection policy, they have the option to delete their account and unsubscribe from the services offered by GOWOD.