Senspark's games Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 01, 2023
Welcome to Senspark and thanks for playing our games! We respect your privacy rights and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected about you. This Privacy Policy is designed to provide clarity about the information we collect, how we use it to provide a better gaming experience as well as how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Policy applies whenever you play our games or otherwise access any of our other products, services, content, websites and/or the other domains provided by us, together referred to as "Services." In this policy, "Senspark" refers to Senspark and its "Affiliates", which shall mean subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures and other corporate entities under common ownership. We may also refer to Senspark as "we" or "us". If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy or Senspark' data protection practices, please contact us as described in the Section 10 ("Contact Us").
By using the Services, you agree to the collection, disclosure, storage and use of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you do not want us to collect, store, use or share your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you should not play our games or use our Services. We may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and we encourage you to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
Table of Contents
Information We Collect and Process
Purposes of Collecting, Processing and/or Disclosing
Sharing of Your Information
How to Exercise Your Rights
Data Deletion
In-app purchases
Age Limit
Privacy Policies of Linked Sites and Advertisers
Security of Your Information
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Contact Us
1. Information We Collect and Process
We only collects and processes your information to the extent necessary to fulfil one or more of its functions and activities, and will do so only by fair and reasonable means. The legal basis for collecting and using the information depends on what the information is and the context in which we collect it. The personal information we may collect and process about you through the Services falls into the following general categories:
1.1. Data that you provide voluntarily
which given consent to the processing of your personal data
In-game user name and password
your email address
Profile information (such as name, social networking sites accounts)
Your messages to the Service (such as your reviews and player support tickets)
Any other information you choose to give our customer service or other team in the game or via email (such as information to identify a lost account)
1.2 Information We Collect automatically
When you access our websites or play our games, we may also collect certain information automatically from you and/or your device in order to efficiently fulfilling our contractual obligations, better understand our users and be able to improve our services and your user experience, such as:
your mobile device's identifiers
details about the games and platforms you use
IP address , which only allows us to determine the geographic area and does not reveal your precise location;
your device information (such as device type, device system language, network and carrier data, operating system)
information regarding your use of and interaction with our Services(such as in-game event, game version)
your country
application performance and de-bugging information
what your current progress is in our Services and the date and time of activity
your payment information in our Services
1.3 Information we obtain from third party sources
When you use any of Senspark Services via your social media account, such as Facebook, Wechat or Google (where our games may also be referred to as "applications"), you allow Senspark to access certain information from your profile on that site to efficiently fulfill our contractual obligations. The information we receive from you will depend on your social media privacy settings. You can control and find out more about these settings at the social network services where you play our games. Senspark may access and store some or all of the following basic information, such as:
your user identification number (like your Facebook ID number), which may be linked to publicly-available information like your name and profile photo
information about your activities on or through the connected third-party platform
any other information that you or the third-party platform share with us
We may collect information about you from third-party sources, such as advertising partners. We may get your personal information, for example, if you clicked on an advertisement directing you to one of our Services, we will be provided with information about which advertising network and advertising campaign the install originated from.
2. Purposes of Collecting, Processing and/or Disclosing:
Detecting/Protecting against security events
Customer service
Operate our business and games
Game mechanics or functionality
Facilitate players social interactions
Product development/improvement
Maintaining and enhancing service
Advertising
Player acquisition
3. Sharing of Your Information
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We may, however, share non-personally identifiable, aggregated, and/or public information with third parties. Additionally, we may share your game play data, customer service and/or unique identifiers specific to your device with third parties for the purpose of personalizing, adjusting and improving our Services. We direct all such third party service providers to maintain the confidentiality of the information disclosed to them and not to use your information for any purpose other than to provide services on Senspark behalf. We may have advertising on our Service. When advertisers or advertise intermediaries place ads in our Service, they may collect, or we may collect and share with them the following types of information from within our Service:
performance data (like the number of clicks on an advertisement);
aggregated and/or de-identified information about players;
certain technical information (for example, IP addresses, non-persistent device identifiers such as IDFAs, and device identifiers);
your social network ID.
The information collected may be used to:
measure how effective ads are;
personalize the player experience by showing advertisements for products and services that may be more likely to appeal to you;
undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other player activity.
Furthermore, we share your Device identifiers to advertising network companies for the purpose of them serving behavioral advertisements to you within the App. We use or may use the following advertising network companies:
Apple EULA
Google Play Services
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
AdMob
Facebook
Unity
AppLovin
Vungle
AdColony
AppsFlyer
Cost Center
The recipients use of the disclosed information will not be covered by this Privacy Policy. If you have questions concerning the processing carried out by such third parties, you should review their privacy policy.
4. How to Exercise Your Rights
You may access, amend and delete information provided by you when using our Services, or contact us. The scope and the way in which you access, amend or delete your personal information depend on the service you use. For iOS users, you can request the deletion of your account from within the app.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails we send you, at any time. If you wish to do so, please e-mail us. You can turn off push notifications by visiting the "options" or "settings" page within the relevant games.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android). For personalized in-game offers opt-out, you can use the options provided in the game settings.
If for any reason you are concerned with the way we are using your personal information, or would like to correct or request that we delete such personal information, please contact Senspark using the information in the "Contact Us" section below. We will respond to your request as promptly as possible.
In some cases, we may not be able to delete your personal information and will retain and use our information as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and/or enforce our agreements.
5. Data Deletion
We will delete or de-identify your personal data as reasonably possible in the following cases:
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information;
When we stop operating our Service;
When you request your data to be deleted;
When a platform, such as Meta requires the deletion of your Open Platform Data at their discretion, either to protect you or as part of their compliance review;
When required by applicable law or regulation.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so, when we operate our Service and when we ensure that your personal data is subject to suitable safeguards. For example, to provide you with a Service you have requested, or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and delete unnecessary data.
6. In-app purchases
6.1. In-game Virtual Currency and Virtual Items
The Service may include an opportunity for you to earn, buy or otherwise obtain in-game currency ("Virtual Currency") to access virtual, in-game digital goods or items ("Virtual Items"). Methods of obtaining Virtual Currency are at Senspark's sole discretion. Virtual Currency and Virtual Items are not real currency, do not have monetary value, and may not be redeemed for legal currency, or items of value outside of the Services.
Virtual Currency and Virtual Items obtained via the Service are provided to you under a limited, personal, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable license to use within the Service. You have no property interest, right or title in or to any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items appearing or originating in the Service, and they may not be transferred or resold in any manner, including, without limitation, by means of any direct sale or auction service.
Senspark has no liability for hacking or loss of your Virtual Currency or Virtual Items or any goods or services obtained via Virtual Currency. Senspark has no obligation to, and will not, reimburse you for any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items obtained via Virtual Currency. Senspark reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without prior notification, to change or limit the price, availability, or order quantity of any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items and to refuse to provide you with any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items.
Virtual Currency may have an expiration date. If your Virtual Currency or Virtual Items expire and you still have an active Account, Senspark may offer conversion of such Virtual Currency into Virtual Items for you in its sole discretion, however Senspark is under no obligation to do so. Virtual Currency and Virtual Items may be forfeited if:
(a) your Account or access to the Services is terminated or suspended for any reason;
(b) you breach these Terms;
(c) Senspark discontinues availability of the Service; or
(d) you disassociate from the Service.
6.2. Subscriptions
In some of our games, you may pay a fee for a subscription membership ("Subscription").
When you buy a Subscription, you agree to the following:
A Subscription fee will be charged to your chosen payment method in the app store of your device's platform ("App Store"). You will be charged the Subscription fee displayed at the time of sale; and
Your Subscription will automatically renew for the applicable length of your Subscription until either you or Senspark cancels your Subscription. By way of example, if you buy a 3-month Subscription, the Subscription will automatically renew for another 3-month period (unless either you or Senspark cancels your Subscription).
Canceling Subscriptions:
To stop automatic renewal of your Subscription and automatic withdrawal of Subscription fees, you must cancel your Subscription within 24 hours before it renews for the length of the next Subscription period. You may cancel your Subscription at any time by managing the subscription settings at your App Store.
For the Google Play store, instructions for canceling your Subscription may be found here:
https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/7018481
For the Apple App store, instructions for canceling your Subscription may be found here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202039
Other Subscription Terms:
To receive any daily rewards as part of your Subscription, you must open the game that you have the Subscription for. You will not receive rewards for the days on which you did not open the game.
6.3. Payments for Subscriptions, Virtual Currencies, and Virtual Items
When you pay for a Subscription, Virtual Currencies, and/or Virtual Items, all payments are charged and processed by the App Store (e.g. the Google Play store or the Apple App store), so please review your app store's payment terms for additional payment terms that may apply.
You agree that all payments for Virtual Currency, Virtual Items, and Subscriptions are final. No refunds will be given, except in Senspark's sole and absolute discretion.
7. Age Limit
When we collect personal information, we do not know the age of our players. If a player has a social media account and has logged into a game, we may obtain the age information from the player through that. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will take reasonable steps to delete such data as promptly as possible. If you are a minor under 16 years old, please note that you are allowed to use our Services upon the prior consent of your parents or legal guardian.
8. Privacy Policies of Linked Sites and Advertisers
Our websites and games may contain advertisements from companies other than Senspark that may link to their own websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.
9. Security of Your Information
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
10. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2023-01-01
11. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact us at
contact@senspark.com
.