HiGrade Privacy Policy
This
 is the privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) that governs how we, MyCrops 
Technologies Ltd. (“MyCrops", “we”, “our” or “us”), use Personal 
Information (defined below) that we collect, receive and store about 
individuals in connection with the use of: (i) the website 
(https://www.gethigrade.com/), and any other website that we operate 
(each, together with its sub-domains, content and services, a “Site”); 
(ii) the HiGrade mobile software application, (and any other mobile 
software application, that we license, each individually, and 
collectively, the “App”); and (iii) the HiGrade servers (under the URL 
mycrops.tech) and all the subdomains under which they operate. The Site 
and the App are individually and collectively referred to herein as the 
“Services”.
1.
 Introduction. We have implemented this Privacy Policy because your 
privacy, and the privacy of other users, is important to us. This 
Privacy Policy explains our online information practices and the choices
 you can make about the way your Personal Information is collected and 
used in connection with the Services. “Personal Information” means any 
information that may be used, either alone or in combination with other 
information, to personally identify an individual, including, but not 
limited to, a first and last name, a personal profile, an email address,
 a home or other physical address, or other contact information.
2.
 EULA. This Privacy Policy forms part of the App’s End User License 
Agreement which can be viewed from within the App and which you accepted
 prior to downloading, installing and/or using the App for the first 
time (“EULA”). Any capitalized but undefined term in this Privacy Policy
 shall have the meaning given to it in the EULA.
3.
 Consent and Modification.  You are not legally obligated to 
provide us Personal Information, and you hereby confirm that providing 
us Personal Information is at your own free will. By using the Services,
 you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and to our collection, 
processing and sharing of Personal Information for the purposes set 
forth herein. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not 
access or otherwise use the Services. We reserve the right, at our 
discretion, to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Such change will 
be effective ten (10) days following posting of the revised Privacy 
Policy on the Site, and your continued use of the Services thereafter 
means that you accept those changes.
4.
 What Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It. We do not 
currently require you to provide Personal Information in order to have 
access to general information available on the Site. But, we do receive 
and/or collect Personal Information from you in the following ways
4.1 Account
.
 If you create an Account you will be required to provide us with 
certain information, such as your email address, as well as a password 
that you will use for your Account (“Account Information”). You may also
 choose to provide additional Personal Information as part of the 
Account registration process and in connection with your ongoing use of 
your Account. We may send you an email to the e-mail address you submit 
to confirm your registration. If you choose not to create an Account, 
you may not be able to access or use certain features of the Service. 
Upon purchasing the device hardware, you will be provided with a 
one-time access code and password pair to obtain the App.
4.2 ‘Contact Us’ Information
.
 If you send us a “Contact Us” request, whether by submitting an online 
form that we make available or by sending an email to an email address 
that we display, you may be required to provide us with certain 
information such as your name and email address.
4.3 Location Data
.
 We may provide certain location-based services (“Location Services”) in
 connection with the App that are dependent on data related to the 
geographic location of your mobile device on which the App is installed 
(“Location Data”). If you choose to participate in these Location 
Services, you agree that we may collect or obtain your Location Data. 
You should be able to use the settings on your mobile device to turn off
 location-sharing features.
4.4 Purchases
.
 The Site and/or App may include the option to purchase certain products
 or services from us. If you choose to make a purchase we, or our 
third-party service providers, will require sufficient information from 
you to complete the transaction. Such information could include a credit
 card number and related account and billing information, invoice 
related information, and other data required to process the order. We 
may also update such data should you grant us permission to bill you or 
your credit card for recurring charges, such as monthly or other types 
of periodic payments. We may use the tools, software or services of 
third-party service providers to process transactions on our behalf, in 
which case you acknowledge and agree to review and be bound by the terms
 of use and privacy policy of said third-party service provider.
4.5 Log Files
.
 We may make use of log files. The information inside the log files 
includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet 
Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, clicked 
pages and any other information your browser may send to us. We may use 
such information to analyze trends, administer the Services, track 
user’s movement around the Services, and gather demographic information.
4.6 Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
.
 Our Services may utilize “cookies”, anonymous identifiers and other 
tracking technologies in order to for us to provide our Services and 
present you with information that is customized for you. A “cookie” is a
 small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information 
about activity on the Services. Certain cookies and other technologies 
may serve to recall Personal Information, such as an IP address, 
previously indicated by a user. Most browsers allow you to control 
cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them.
 You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you
 may choose to block cookies with your browser.
4.7 Mobile Device Data
.
 We may collect limited information from your mobile device in order to 
provide the App. Such information may include your mobile device type, 
mobile device id, and date and time stamps of App use. In addition, we 
may deploy tracking technologies within the App to help us gather 
aggregate statistics, but we will not use Personal Information for such 
purposes.
4.8 Google Analytics
.
  The Site may use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect 
information about use of the Service. Google Analytics collects 
information such as how often users visit the Service, what pages they 
visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to
 the Service. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to 
maintain and improve the Service and our products. We do not combine the
 information collected through the use of Google Analytics with 
personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share 
information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to and use 
of the Service is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Service, 
available at
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
, and the Google Privacy Policy, available at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
. You may learn more about how Google collects and processes data specifically in connection with Google Analytics at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
 You may prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics by 
downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, 
available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
The
 Way We Use Personal Information. If you submit or we collect Personal 
Information through the Services, then we may use such Personal 
Information in the following ways, via any applicable communication 
channel, including e-mail, SMS, etc.:
5.1
 We will use your Personal Information to provide and improve our 
Services, to send you marketing/advertising communications that we 
believe may be of interest to you, to contact you in connection with the
 Services and certain programs or offerings that you may have registered
 for, and to identify and authenticate your access to the parts of the 
Services that you are authorized to access.
5.2
We
 may use your designated email address to: (i) send you updates or news 
regarding the Services and our products; and/or (ii) respond to a 
“Contact Us” or administrative request (for example, to change your 
password).
5.3
 We may transfer your Personal Information to our local or foreign 
subsidiaries or affiliated companies for the purpose of storing or 
processing such information on our behalf. Such information may be 
transferred to other countries. We require that these parties agree to 
process such information in compliance with our Privacy Policy.
5.4
 We may share your Personal Information with our third party service 
providers and partners, but only to assist us with our business 
operations and to provide our Services to you and other users. Such 
information may be transferred to other countries. We use commercially 
reasonable efforts to only engage or interact with third party service 
providers and partners that post a privacy policy governing their 
processing of Personal Information.
5.5
 We may disclose your Personal Information or any information you 
submitted via the Services if we have a good faith belief that 
disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to: 
(i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or 
governmental request; (ii) enforce our EULA, including investigations of
 potential violations thereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise 
address fraud or security issues; or (iv) protect against harm to the 
rights, property or safety of MyCrops, our users, yourself or the 
public.
6.
Use
 of Anonymous Information. We may use Anonymous Information (as defined 
below) or disclose it to third party service providers in order to 
improve our Services and enhance your experience with the Services. We 
may also disclose Anonymous Information (with or without compensation) 
to third parties, including advertisers and partners. “Anonymous 
Information” means information which does not enable identification of 
an individual user, such as aggregated information about the use of our 
Services.
7.
 Opting Out. You may choose not to receive future promotional, 
advertising, or other Services-related emails from us by selecting an 
unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email that we send. Please note 
that even if you opt out of receiving the foregoing emails, we may still
 send you a response to any “Contact Us” request as well as 
administrative emails (for example, in connection with a password reset 
request) that are necessary to facilitate your use of the Services.
8.
 Choice. At all times, you may choose whether or not to provide or 
disclose Personal Information. If you choose not to provide mandatory 
Personal Information, you may still visit parts of the Services but you 
may be unable to access certain options, programs, offers, and services 
that involve our interaction with you.
9.
 Access/Accuracy. To the extent that you do provide us with Personal 
Information, we wish to maintain accurate Personal Information. If you 
would like to delete or correct any of your other Personal Information 
that we may be storing, you may use the tools that we make available on 
the Services or you may submit an access request by sending an email to 
support@gethigrade.com. Your email should include adequate details of 
your request.
10.
 Links to and Interaction with Third Party Products. The Services may 
enable you to interact with or contain links to your Third Party Account
 and other third party websites, mobile software applications and 
services that are not owned or controlled by us (each a “Third Party 
Service”). We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the 
content of such Third Party Services. Please be aware that the Third 
Party Services may collect Personal Information from you. Accordingly, 
we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of 
each Third Party Service that you choose to use or interact with.
11.
 Children’s Privacy. The Services are not structured to attract children
 under the age of 18 years. Accordingly, we do not intend to collect 
Personal Information from anyone we know to be under 18 years. If we 
learn that we have collected Personal Information from an individual 
under 18 years, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. 
If you believe that we might have any such information, please contact 
us at
support@gethigrade.com
.
12.
 Security. The security of Personal Information is important to us. We 
follow generally accepted industry standards, including the use of 
appropriate administrative, physical and technical safeguards, to 
protect the Personal Information submitted to us. However, no method of 
transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100%
 secure. Therefore, while we strive to use reasonable acceptable means 
to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute 
security or confidentiality. If you have any questions about security on
 the Service, you can contact us at
support@gethigrade.com
.
13.
 Merger, Sale or Bankruptcy. In the event that we are acquired by or 
merged with a third party entity, or in the event of bankruptcy or a 
comparable event, we reserve the right to transfer or assign Personal 
Information in connection with the foregoing events.
14.
 California Privacy Rights. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 
permits our customers who are California residents to request certain 
information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third 
parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, 
please send an email to support@gethigrade.com. Please note that we are 
only required to respond to one request per customer each year.
15.
 Our California Do Not Track Notice. We do not currently respond or take
 any action with respect to web browser “do not track” signals or other 
mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice 
regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about an
 individual consumer’s online activities over time and across 
third-party web sites or online services. We may allow third parties, 
such as companies that provide us with analytics tools, to collect 
personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s 
online activities over time and across different websites when a 
consumer uses the Site.
16.
 Deletion of Content from California Residents.  If you are a 
California resident under the age of 18 and a registered user, 
California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to 
remove content or Personal Information you have publicly posted. To 
remove, please follow the instructions on our website or which are made 
available to you upon request. Please be aware that after removal you 
will not be able to restore removed content. In addition, such removal 
does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or 
Personal Information you have posted and that there may be circumstances
 in which the law does not require us to enable removal of content.
17.
 Commitment. We are committed to protecting your privacy. Protecting 
your privacy online is an evolving area, and we are constantly evolving 
our Service to meet these demands. If you have any comments or questions
 regarding our Privacy Policy, or your Personal Information that we may 
be storing and using, please contact us at support@gethigrade.com.
Last updated: December 12, 2018
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/&sa=D&ust=1534163803205000:
