Privacy Policy
1. The importance of privacy
Grill’d respects the importance of protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy explains how Grill’d collects and manages your personal information.
By providing Grill’d with any personal information, you agree to this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection and use of personal information by Grill’d in accordance it.
2. What is your personal information?
When used in this Privacy Policy, the term “personal information” has the meaning given to it in the Act. In general terms, it is any information that can be used to personally identify you. This may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, date of birth, location, profession or occupation, details of previous orders, credit or debit card details, social media handles, and your IP address. If the information Grill’d collects personally identifies you (meaning we know who you are), or you are reasonably identifiable from it (meaning we can work out who you are from other information we have about you), the information will be considered personal information.
3. Why does Grill’d collect, hold, use and disclose personal information?
Grill’d collects, holds, uses and discloses personal information to help us provide you with the tastiest burgers and fluffiest, crispiest chips, and for a number of other purposes, including:
to assist in providing goods and services to you;
to assist in responding to any requests you make to us;
to communicate promotional offers and special events;
to process orders submitted via Grill’d’s online ordering service and process payments for those orders;
to assess the performance and to improve the operation of the Grill’d Website or Grill’d App;
for the internal administrative, marketing (including direct or targeted marketing), planning, product development, quality control and research purposes of Grill’d and its franchisees and associates;
to process and assess applications received by us (for instance in selecting franchisee candidates or employment candidates);
to administer any agreement and provide the services thereunder;
to administer any programs which Grill’d may decide to implement, including the Relish Membership Program;
to administer any promotions or offers;
to process and respond to any complaint made by you;
to comply with any law, rule, regulation, lawful and binding determination, decision or direction of a regulator, or in co-operation with any governmental authority of any country; and
for any other purpose made known to you at the time of collection of your personal information.
Grill’d may disclose the information collected to agents and employees of Grill’d and/or franchisees of Grill’d and/or their agents or employees but only for the purpose for which such information was collected.
At any time, you may opt out of receiving any communications from Grill’d (other than as required for the operation of Grill’d’s business, e.g. regarding payment of your account).
Your personal information will not be shared, sold, rented or disclosed other than as described in this Privacy Policy.
4. What personal information about you does Grill’d collect or hold?
The type of personal information we collect depends on how we engage with you. Grill’d may collect or hold information received as a result of any dealing, transaction or interaction with you, including:
your contact details, such as name, age or date of birth, address, phone numbers, social media identifiers and email address;
your username and password for your online account or Relish membership;
CCTV or other surveillance device images of you when you visit a Grill’d restaurant;
your credit card or other payment/financial information;
information about your Internet Protocol (
IP
) address, your location and websites visited;
information about the products you view or purchase on the Grill’d Website or Grill’d App;
details of any products you have enquired about;
information you provide to Grill’d directly through the Grill’d Website or instore, or indirectly through your use of the Grill’d Website or Grill’d App;
information you provide to Grill’d through competitions or other promotional activities;
other information you may make publicly available online (including but not limited to information on social media platforms); and/or
other information that you may provide to Grill’d from time to time or that Grill’d may collect when providing goods and services to you.
Any data related to the transaction(s) of Grill'd products or services including, last shopped restaurant, purchase history.
If you are a prospective franchisee, Grill’d may collect or hold information relevant to becoming a franchisee, including:
your contact details, including name, address, profession, occupation or job title, phone numbers and email address; and
financial and other related information you submit to us as part of your application to become a franchisee.
If you are an applicant for employment, Grill’d may collect or hold information relevant to such employment, including:
your contact details, including name, age or birth date, address, phone numbers and email address; and
employment history and other information you submit to us as part of your application for employment (which includes any information contained in any resume you provide to us).
Grill’d may also collect some information that is not personal information because it does not identify you or anyone else. For example, Grill’d may collect anonymous answers to surveys or aggregated information about how users use the Grill’d Website and/or the Grill’d App.
You must not provide Grill’d with personal information of another person, other than with Grill’d’s express permission. If at any time you provide the personal information of another person to Grill’d then you must ensure that that person has read and understood this Privacy Policy and separately consents to that personal information being used and disclosed by us for the above purposes.
5. How does Grill’d collect your personal information?
Grill’d collects your personal information directly from you unless it is unreasonable or impracticable to do so. Grill’d collects information directly from you when you:
use the Grill’d Website or Grill’d App or purchase products or services from Grill’d;
join the Grill’d Membership Relish Program or create a Grill’d account;
in-store by providing your business card for Grill’d’s “Getting Down to Business” program and other programs;
provide feedback, enter a competition or through other promotional activities
communicate with Grill’d for any reason;
complete an application (including, in respect of ‘Local Matters’, a position of employment or a franchise opportunity) or submit a purchase order; or
otherwise supply personal information to Grill’d.
Grill’d may also collect personal information about you from third parties who provide services to Grill’d or on behalf of Grill’d.
Grill’d does not accept or knowingly collect or process personal information of customers under the age of 18 without the consent of a parent or guardian.
6. Cookies and other passive information
‘Cookies’ are small text files transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable Grill’d systems to recognise visitors and remember their activity. Like many websites, Grill’d may also collect personal information through the use of cookies. Cookies provide Grill’d with information about customer behaviour such as the date and time of your visit, the pages you view, the products you purchase and promotions you have participated in.
Use of cookies
The types of cookies Grill’d uses includes statistical, session, persistent and advertising cookies. The purpose for which Grill’d uses cookies is to measure traffic patterns, to determine which areas of the Grill’d Website or the Grill’d App have been visited and to measure transaction patterns in the aggregate. Grill’d uses cookies to research Grill’d users’ habits so that Grill’d can improve its online products, services, and to enhance the user experience.
Grill’d may log IP addresses (that is, the electronic addresses of devices connected to the internet) to analyse trends, administer the Grill’d Website and Grill’d App, track users movements and gather broad demographic information.
To the extent that you are using any of Grill’d’s location-based services or functionality on the Grill’d Website and/or Grill’d App, then your location data including the location of your device upon using such location-based services will be handled in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Withdrawing consent to use of cookies
Your web browser may offer settings to disable and/or delete all cookies used on the Grill’d Website and the Grill’d App. If you do disable cookies, the Grill’d Website or Grill’d App may not operate as expected and you may not be able to access certain functions and deleting cookies may result in previous preferences expressed using this browser, such as your account log-in, being forgotten.
Grill’d may use Google analytics to track your use of the Grill’d Website. Google Analytics is a website analytics service provided by Google, Inc that places cookies on your computer’s browser. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the Grill’d Website is transmitted to Google. This information is then used for the purpose of compiling statistical reports enabling Grill’d to analyse the number of visits to the Grill’d Website, the average time spent on the Grill’d Website and the pages viewed. You can configure your browser to disable Google Analytics.
7. Who can Grill’d disclose your personal information to?
On occasion we may disclose your personal information to:
Grill’d employees, company officers, related bodies corporate or Grill’d franchisees.
Third party service providers and/or contractors, including but not limited to:
payment or other service providers;
manufacturers or distributors of Grill’d products;
promotional partners;
advertising agencies and platforms (including but not limited to Google, Meta and TikTok);
website providers;
professional advisers;
law enforcement agencies or regulatory bodies; and
any other person or organisation we tell you about.
Grill’d may also have arrangements with third party organisations for the promotion and marketing of Grill’d products on their websites. When you access the Grill’d Website or through one of these third party websites and purchase products from us, Grill’d may disclose your personal information to these third parties in order to comply with any contractual obligations Grill’d may have.
Grill’d may also share non-personal, de-identified and aggregated information for research or promotional purposes in connection with providing requested information or services to you, or for the purpose of improving Grill’d products and services.
Grill’d will not sell your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes. Unless otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy, Grill’d will not disclose any of your personal information to any other organisation unless the disclosure is required by law, is otherwise permitted by the Privacy Act, or is with your consent.
8. Direct marketing communications
Keeping you in the loop means you get access to the juiciest deals and the best guilt-free offers. To do this, Grill’d may send you direct marketing communications and information about us and our products and services that may be of interest to you. These communications may be sent in various forms, including mail, SMS and email, in accordance with applicable marketing laws, such as the
Spam Act 2003
(Cth). You consent to us sending you those direct marketing communications by any of these methods.
You may opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time by contacting us using the contact information in clause 15 of this Privacy Policy or by using the unsubscribe button found in the emails you receive from us.
Grill’d does not provide your personal information to other organisations for the purposes of their own direct marketing activities.
9. Anonymity
Generally, you can deal with Grill’d anonymously. However, in certain circumstances, if you choose to remain anonymous Grill’d may not be able to provide you with certain products or services, which, we are sure you agree, would be a real shame.
10. How can you access, update or correct your personal information?
You may request access to personal information Grill’d holds about you in writing to the Grill’d Privacy Officer whose details are set out below. Grill’d may require you to provide proof of your identity before providing such information.
There may be instances where Grill’d cannot grant you access to the personal information it holds. For example, Grill’d may need to refuse access if granting access would interfere with the privacy of others or if it would result in a breach of confidentiality. If that happens, Grill’d will give you written reasons for any results.
If you believe that personal information Grill’d holds about you is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, then you may request that Grill’d amends it. Grill’d will consider if the information requires amendment. If Grill’d does not agree that there are grounds for amendment, then Grill’d will add a note to the personal information stating that you disagree with it.
11. Security
Grill’d takes reasonable steps to ensure the personal information Grill’d holds about you is protected from misuse, interference and loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Grill’d may hold your information in either electronic or hard copy form. Grill’d will hold your personal information only for as long as required for Grill’d’s business purposes and otherwise as required by law. Where Grill’d no longer needs to keep your personal information for a permitted purpose, Grill’d will take reasonable steps to destroy your personal information or to ensure that the information is de-identified.
As the Grill’d Website and Grill’d App are linked to the internet, and the internet is inherently insecure, Grill’d cannot provide any assurance regarding the security of transmission of information you communicate to Grill’d online. Grill’d also cannot guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the internet. Accordingly, any personal information or other information which you transmit to Grill’d online is transmitted at your own risk.
12. Third party payment providers
Whether it’s a Simply Grill’d kind of day, or those crispy Zucchini Chips are your go-to fix those hunger cravings, orders submitted through Grill’d’s online ordering service must be paid for by credit card, debit card or other payment methods via the payment facility provided. This secure payment facility is provided by a third party payment gateway provider. Grill’d does not store your full credit card or debit card details. You can save your preferred payment method through your online ordering account, but Grill’d’s third party provider will store these details for future retrieval. You consent to Grill’d sharing your personal information to any third party payment provider Grill’d engages from time to time.
13. Off-shore disclosure
Grill’d may disclose personal information it collects and holds about you to third party service providers outside of Australia. These third parties are located in overseas countries including, but not limited to the United States of America, Singapore, Japan, Korea and India.
Grill’d takes reasonable steps to ensure that any overseas third party suppliers or contractors deal with personal information securely. However, some of these jurisdictions may have less protective privacy and data laws. You acknowledge that, by agreeing to this Privacy Policy and the disclosure of your personal information to entities outside of Australia, overseas recipient’s may not comply with Australian privacy laws and Grill’d will not be liable to you for any breach of Australian privacy laws or this Privacy Policy by such third parties.
14. Contacting Grill’d
We are here to help. If you have a privacy enquiry or concern, please contact us in writing. Grill’d will endeavour to respond to your enquiry or concern within a reasonable timeframe.
The Grill’d Privacy Officer can be contacted using the details below:
Privacy Officer
Grill’d Support Office
Web: grilld.com.au/feedback
Post: Level 1&2 South, Building 8, 658 Church Street, Richmond, Victoria 3121
Phone: (03) 9426 1200
If Grill’d is unable to resolve your concern, you can contact us directly to discuss the matter further or lodge a complaint with the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner who can be contacted at
www.oaic.gov.au
,
enquiries@oaic.gov.au
or by calling 1300 363 992
15. Miscellaneous
When we mention Grill’d in this policy, we mean all the companies in the Grill’d Group including Grill’d Pty Ltd (ACN 106 297 394), Grill’d Franchising Pty Ltd (ACN 116 019 231), Grill’d IP Pty Ltd (ACN 116 019 213), Grill’d Leasing Pty Ltd (ACN 116 019 259), each Grill’d franchisee and all of our other related companies.
Sometimes, things change, and we may need to update this Privacy Policy. Grill’d may do this at any time without direct notice to you and you can find the most recent version on the Grill’d Website.
Policy date:
1 September 2023