undefined
Billing Terms
General
1.  All purchases are subject to our Terms of Use.
2.  We, Burleigh Creative Pty Ltd offer a subscription-based service to the content within the Sleeptot App.
3.  Subscriptions can be purchased either directly from:
3.1. the SLEEPTOT website (
Website Purchase
); or
3.2. externally (
In-App Purchase
).
4.  Different subscription plans may be offered depending on Your location or place of purchase.
5.  The subscription fee will apply regardless of how much or how often You access or use Your subscription.
In-App Purchase
6.  These include a purchase made via an external App Store, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, or another similar App Store.
7.  An In-App Purchase is purchased from and billed by the respective App Store, not by Us.
8.  Subscriptions can be purchased either directly from:
8.1. an In-App Purchase is subject to the terms, conditions and other licensing arrangements
            specified by that App Store provider;
8.2. In-App Purchases are processed securely via the payment gateway used by the
            relevant App Store provider; and
8.3. You must take up with the App Store provider directly any payment-related issues You
            experience with an In-App Purchase or return requests.
Website Purchase
9.  Subscriptions purchased directly from the SLEEPTOT website are managed and billed by Us.
10. All SLEEPTOT Website Purchases are processed securely via our third party payment
        gateway providers, such as Stripe or PayPal. You must refer to their terms and conditions
        for additional information.
11. All transactions are handled over SSL and are PCI-Compliant. We do not store Your credit
        card details.
Payment
12. Subject to any free trial period, payment must be made at the time of purchase and before
        You have access to Your subscription.
13. Subscriptions to the Sleeptot App will be auto-renewed on the first day of Your next
        billing period.
14. You must notify Us of any change to Your
Payment Method.
14.1. We will assume your Payment Method is correct and will continue to bill fees and
            charges relating to Your subscription by Your nominated Payment Method;
14.2. If any subscription fees billed to Your account are not processed for any reason, We
            may suspend Your subscription until payment is made in full.
15. We reserve the right to vary the subscription fees from time to time, but only for the next and
        subsequent billing periods.
15.1. In that event We will give You reasonable notice of the variation before it will come into
            effect; and
15.2. If you do not cancel Your subscription before your next billing cycle, you will be
            deemed to have accepted the variation.
Free Trials
16. Your Sleeptot subscription may start with a free trial for a fixed period as specified at the
        time of sign up.
17. Free trials are only available to new SLEEPTOT users, and are at the sole discretion of
        SLEEPTOT, and if you attempt to sign up for an additional free trial You will be immediately
        charged with the standard subscription price.
18. We reserve the right to revoke Your free trial at any time.
19. Unless You cancel at least 24 hours before the end of the trial period, Your free trial will
        automatically roll over to a paid subscription.
20. Any unused portion of Your free trial period will be forfeited upon purchase of a subscription.
Promotions
21. We may offer special promotions, trials, discounts, offers or coupons from time to time
        directly through SLEEPTOT or through third parties, subject to and on its terms and
        conditions separate to those of SLEEPTOT. It is Your responsibility to read and understand
        those terms and conditions.
22. Any trial offers or subscriptions will automatically rollover to a paid subscription unless
        cancelled at least 24 hours before the end of the promotional period, or unless otherwise
        stated.
Cancellation
23. You may cancel Your subscription at any time.
24. Unless You cancel at least 24 hours before the start of Your next billing period, you will be
        charged for the next billing period.
25. After cancellation, You will continue to have access to the SLEEPTOT App for the remainder
        of Your billing period.
26. To cancel your subscription, you will need to go to the platform your subscription
        was created on.
26.1. If you subscribed via the website, go to Profile in Settings, and follow the prompts to
            cancel the subscription.
26.2. If you subscribed via the iOS app or Android app, you will need to cancel your
            subscription via the relevant App Store, such as the Apple App Store or the Google Play
            Store.
27. If We take action to collect any unpaid subscription fees from You, You will pay all costs (on
        a full indemnity basis) incurred in doing so.
28. We do not offer refunds or credits for unused subscription periods, accidental purchases,
        medical conditions, or any similar reason or event.
29. For support enquiries, please contact us at
support@sleeptot.com
Governing Law
30. The laws in force in Queensland govern these Billing Terms.
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to us. Accordingly, we’re providing this Privacy Policy to
explain our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that we receive
when you use our Services. This Privacy Policy applies only to those websites, services and
applications included within “Services” and doesn’t apply to any third-party websites, services or
applications, even if they are accessible through our Services. Also, please note that, unless we
define a term in this Privacy Policy, all capitalized words used in this Privacy Policy have the
same meanings as in our Terms of Service.
HOW DO WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION?
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Services, to
administer your use of the Services (including your Account, if you are an Account holder), and
to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our Services.
Account Information: If you choose to opt in to receive email notifications and newsletters from
us or if you choose to invite a friend to use the Services, we’ll collect certain information that can
be used to identify you or your friend, such as name and email address (“Personally Identifiable
Information” or “PII”).
Information Collected Using Cookies: We may collect certain information through the use of
“cookies,” which are small text files that are saved by your browser when you access our
Services. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to identify that you’ve
logged in to the Services and to tell us how and when you interact with our Services. We may
also use cookies to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our Services and to
customize and improve our Services. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted
when you log off from the Services and close your browser. Although most browsers
automatically accept cookies, you can change your browser options to stop automatically
accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting cookies. Please note, however, that if you
don’t accept cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Services.
Some third-party services providers that we engage may also place their own cookies on your
browser. Note that this Privacy Policy covers only our use of cookies and does not include use
of cookies by such third parties.
Information Related to Use of the Services: Our servers automatically record certain
information about how a person uses our Services (we refer to this information as “Log Data”),
including both Account holders and non-Account holders (either, a “User”). Log Data may
include information such as a User’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating
system, the web page that a User was visiting before accessing our Services, the pages or
features of our Services to which a User browsed and the time spent on those pages or
features, search terms, the links on our Services that a User clicked on and other statistics. We
use this information to administer the Services and we analyze (and may engage third parties to
analyze) this information to improve and enhance the Services by expanding their features and
functionality and tailoring them to our Users’ needs and preferences. We may use a person’s IP
address to fight spam, malware and identity theft. We also use the IP Address to generate
aggregate, non-identifying information about how our Services are used. We use Google
Analytics and Mixpanel to collect, monitor and analyze Log Data in order to increase our
Services’ functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor our Services to our visitors’
needs. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Services meet the criteria
required to process their requests. Accordingly, Log Data is shared with Google and Mixpanel,
which have their own privacy policies (accessible at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ and
https://mixpanel.com/privacy/ respectively) addressing how these parties use such information.
Location Information: In some cases we can collect and store information about where you are
located, such as by converting your IP address into a rough geolocation. We may use location
information to improve and personalize our Services for you.
Inviting Friends to use the Services: If you choose to invite a friend to use the Services, we will
ask you for your name and email address, and your friend’s name and email address. We will
use this information to automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to join
the Services. We store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and 
tracking the success of our invite-a-friend program. If your friend would like us to delete his or
her information, he or she can contact us support@sleeptot.com with a deletion request.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES?
We will not share any PII that we have collected from you except as described below:
Information Shared with Our Services Providers: We may engage third party service providers
to work with us to administer and provide the Services. These third-party services providers
have access to your PII only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf and are
expressly obligated not to disclose or use your PII for any other purpose.
Information Shared with Third Parties: We may share aggregated information and non-
identifying information with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other

similar purposes.
Information Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions: Information that we collect
from our users, including PII, is considered to be a business asset. As a result, if we go out of
business or enter bankruptcy or if we are acquired as a result of a transaction such as a merger,
acquisition or asset sale, your PII may be disclosed or transferred to the third-party acquirer in
connection with the transaction.
Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others: It is our policy to protect
you from having your privacy violated through abuse of the legal systems, whether by
individuals, entities or government, and to contest claims that we believe to be invalid under
applicable law. However, it is also our policy to cooperate with government and law enforcement
officials and private parties. Accordingly, we reserve the right to disclose any information about
you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion,
believe necessary: (i) to satisfy or comply with any applicable law, regulation or legal process or
to respond to lawful requests, including subpoenas, warrants or court orders; (ii) to protect our
property, rights and safety and the rights, property and safety of third parties or the public in
general; and (iv) to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical.
THE SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take reasonable measures to protect the information that we collect from or about you
(including your PII) from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Please be aware, however,
that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely
secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information. In the event
that we believe that the security of your personal information in our possession or control may
have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If a notification is appropriate, we would
endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have
your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail. You consent to our use of e-mail as a means
of such notification.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services. Any information that you provide
on or to a third-party website or service is provided directly to the owner of the website or
service and is subject to that party's privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such
websites or services and we’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and
policies of those websites or services. To protect your information, we advise you to check their
terms of use and privacy policies to find out how they are treating your personal information.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
Your PII may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state,
province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as
protective as those in your jurisdiction.
POLICY TOWARD CHILDREN
Our Services are not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect PII from
children under 13. If we learn that we have collected PII of a child under 13 we will take steps to
delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
If Burleigh Creative makes any changes to this Policy these changes will be detailed on this
page in order to ensure that you are fully aware of what information is collected, how it is used
and under what circumstances it will be disclosed. If you are concerned about how your
information is collected, used or disclosed, you should periodically check back at this page.
QUESTIONS?
Please contact us at support@sleeptot.com if you have any questions about our Terms of
Use or Privacy Policy
TERMS OF USE
(Effective January 29, 2018)
The web pages available at sleeptot.com and all linked pages (“Site”) and our mobile device
application (“App”), are owned and operated by Burleigh Creative. (“Burleigh Creative”
“Sleeptot”) and is accessed by you under the Terms of Use described below (“Terms”). To make
these Terms easier to read, the Site, our services and App are collectively called the “Services”.
Please read these terms carefully before using the services. By accessing the site, viewing any
content or using any services available on the site you are agreeing to be bound by these terms,
which together with our Privacy policy, governs our relationship with you in relation to the site.
AGREEMENT TO TERMS
By using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you don’t agree to these
Terms, do not use the Services.
CHANGES TO TERMS OR SERVICES
We may modify the Terms at any time, in our sole discretion. If we do so, we’ll let you know
either by posting the modified Terms on the Site or through other communications. It’s important
that you review the Terms whenever we modify them because if you continue to use the
Services after we have posted modified Terms on the Site, you are indicating to us that you
agree to be bound by the modified Terms. If you don’t agree to be bound by the modified
Terms, then you can’t use the Services anymore. Because our Services are evolving over time
we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Services, at any time and without notice, at
our sole discretion.
WHO MAY USE THE SERVICES
Registration may be required for the use of certain Services and portions of the Website. If you
choose to provide information to the Website, you agree to provide only true, current and
complete information. If you create a user account, you agree to accept responsibility for all
activities that occur under your account or password, if any, and agree you will not sell, transfer
or assign your user account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your
password.
Children under the age of 13 are not eligible to use the Website and must not attempt to register
with Sleeptot and/or submit any personal information to us. We don't knowingly collect personal
information from any person who is under the age of 13 or allow them to register. If it comes to
our attention that we have collected personal data from a person under the age of 13, we will
delete this information as quickly as possible. If you have reason to believe that this has
occurred, please contact us at support@sleeptot.com and we will delete all relevant
information.
You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully
available for use, a name or trade mark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity
other than you without appropriate authorization, or a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or
obscene. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and are solely
responsible for all activities resulting from the use of your password and conducted through your
Sleeptot account.
This website is not intended for persons under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit or
collect personal information from or about children, and we do not knowingly market our
products or services to children. You may use the Services only if you are 13 years or older and
are not barred from using the Services under applicable law.
DISCLAIMER
THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET

ENJOYMENT AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF
COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
We make no warranty that the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an
uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. We make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy,
timeliness, truthfulness, completeness or reliability of any Content.
MEDICAL DISCLAIMER
While the information published on this site and application is believed to be accurate, it has
been published solely for the purpose to provide general information and is not intended as a
substitute for professional medical advice. If you have questions or concerns regarding your
child’s health, please seek assistance from a qualified healthcare provider.
You acknowledge and agree that no medical advice, medical service, medical information or
other medical engagement is provided through the Application or otherwise by Burleigh Creative
or by anyone on its behalf, and that you are installing and (if applicable) using the Application at
your own risk, without any reliance, assumption, expectation, or intent whatsoever that the
Application and/or Burleigh Creative shall provide you any medical advice, medical service,
medical information or other medical engagement. The Application is supplied and distributed
by BURLEIGH CREATIVE solely for enjoyable use and shall not and cannot be used for any
other purposes, including without limitation, for any medical purposes whatsoever, or any other
purpose or usage where accuracy or reliability is required. You are hereby urged and expressly
asked to consult your health care provider for any health concerns.
FEEDBACK
We welcome feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Services
(“Feedback”). You can submit Feedback by emailing us support@sleeptot.com .You grant to
us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sub licensable and
transferable license under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use,
copy, modify, create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit the Feedback for any
purpose.
PRIVACY POLICY
Please refer to our Privacy Policy section below for information on how we collect, use and
disclose information from our users.
CONTENT AND CONTENT RIGHTS
For purposes of these Terms, “Content” means text, graphics, images, sounds, software, audio,
video, works of authorship of any kind, and information or other materials that are posted,
generated, provided or otherwise made available through the Services.
CONTENT OWNERSHIP
This Site, including all Materials, is copyrighted and protected by worldwide copyright laws and
treaty provisions. You agree to comply with all copyright laws worldwide in your use of this Site
and to prevent any unauthorized copying of the Materials. You agree not to remove, alter or
obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated
in or accompanying the Services or Content. Subject to your compliance with these Terms,
Burleigh Creative grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable
license to download, view and display the Content solely in connection with your permitted use
of the Services and solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes.
SUBSCRIPTION CHARGES
Subscriptions will continue until terminated. Unless the subscription is cancelled at least 24 hours before the renewal date, the following period’s fees and charges will be charged to your nominated Payment Method.
The subscription fees and charges will be billed on a monthly, quarterly or yearly basis depending on the subscription you have selected, to your Payment Method on the commencement day of your first paid subscription.
Burleigh Creative reserves the right to vary the fees charged for our subscription based Products from time to time. If fees are varied through the exercise of this right, then Burleigh Creative will inform you of any such variation and provide you with one month’s notice of any such change.
If you do not agree to this variation, you may cancel your subscription within 14 days of the changes coming into effect; you agree that this will be your only remedy with regards to a variation of our subscription charges. If you do not chose to cancel your subscription within 14 days of the change coming into effect, you will be deemed to have accepted the variation.
Upon your subscription to the Product, you agree to subscription fees and all other charges relating to the subscription being billed automatically to the nominated Payment Method provided by you during the Order process.
You must notify the App Store of any change to your Payment Method. If you do not notify the App Store of any such change, then Burleigh Creative will assume that the details of your Payment Method remain correct and will continue to bill any fees or charges relating to your subscription to your nominated Payment Method.
If any subscription fees or charges billed to your account, are not processed for any reason, then Burleigh Creative will have the right to suspend your subscription until all fees and charges have been paid in full.
You agree to pay all costs, including legal fees on a full indemnity basis, which are incurred by Burleigh Creative in collecting any unpaid subscription fees or charges from the Customer.
Subscription fees will apply regardless of whether or not you use your subscription.
Subscriptions will rollover to full-priced membership at the end of all promotional trials, discounts, offers or coupons unless the subscription is cancelled at least 24 hours before the end of the promotional period. The following period’s fees and charges will be charged to your nominated payment method. Subscriptions will continue until terminated. Burleigh Creative shall be under no obligation to refund any subscription fee under any circumstances.
PROHIBITIONS
You agree not to do any of the following:
Use, display, mirror or frame the Services, or any individual element within the Services,
Sleeptot’s name, any Sleeptot's trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout
and design of any page or form contained on a page, without Burleigh Creative's express written
consent;
Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services, Sleeptot’s computer systems, or
the technical delivery systems of Sleeptot’s providers;
Attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any Sleeptot’s system or network or breach
any security or authentication measures;
Avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble or otherwise circumvent any
technological measure implemented by Sleeptot or any of Sleeptot’s providers or any other third
party (including another user) to protect the Services;
Attempt to access or search the Services or download Collective Content from the Services
through the use of any engine, software, tool, agent, device or mechanism (including spiders,
robots, crawlers, data mining tools or the like);
Send any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, email, junk mail,
spam, chain letters or other form of solicitation;
Use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing a Sleeptot trademark, logo URL or
product name without Burleigh Creative’s express written consent;
Use the Services for any commercial purpose or the benefit of any third party or in any manner
not permitted by these Terms;
Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or

newsgroup posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive or false source-
identifying information;
Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to
provide the Services;
Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including,
without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the
Services;
Collect or store any personally identifiable information from the Services from other users of
the Services without their express permission;
Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;
Violate any applicable law or regulation; or
Encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the foregoing.
Although we’re not obligated to monitor access to or use of the Services or Content or to review
or edit any Content, we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Services, to
ensure compliance with these Terms, or to comply with applicable law or other legal
requirements. We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove or disable access to any
Content, at any time and without notice, including, but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion,
consider any Content to be objectionable or in violation of these Terms or our Acceptable Use
Policy. We have the right to investigate violations of these Terms or conduct that affects the
Services. We may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute
users who violate the law.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES OR RESOURCES
The Website may contain hyperlinks to other websites ("Other Sites"). If you use the hyperlinks
to access these Other Sites, your browser will be re-directed to the Other Sites which may have
their own terms of use and privacy policy. Burleigh Creative is not responsible for, the content,
information, services, products or advertisements presented by any Other Site which you use at
your own risk. The hyperlinks to Other Sites do not constitute an endorsement by Burleigh
Creative of any Other Site(s) or resources, or their content, information, services or products.
The Website is only providing these links to you as a convenience. Burleigh Creative accepts no
responsibility for the content or conduct of Other Sites.
TERMINATION
We may terminate your access to and use of the Services, at our sole discretion, at any time
and without notice to you. Upon any termination, discontinuation or cancellation of Services, all
provisions of these Terms which by their nature should survive will survive, including, without
limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, limitations of liability, and dispute
resolution provisions.
INDEMNITY
You will indemnify and hold harmless Burleigh Creative and its officers, directors, employees
and agents, from and against any claims, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, and
costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising
out of or in any way connected with (i) your access to or use of the Services or Content or (ii)
your violation of these Terms.
LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES
IN NO EVENT SHALL BURLEIGH CREATIVE OR ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES BE LIABLE TO
ANY ENTITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION OR PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA ON YOUR
INFORMATION HANDLING SYSTEM) THAT ARE RELATED TO THE USE OF, OR THE
INABILITY TO USE, THE CONTENT, MATERIALS, AND FUNCTIONS OF THE SITE OR ANY
LINKED WEBSITE, EVEN IF BURLEIGH CREATIVE IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE

POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES