Privacy Policy
Effective Date: June 10, 2020 – Update 02/15/2023.
We, Ahoiii Entertainment UG, respect the privacy of all individuals who use our mobile applications from the Apple App Store and/or the Google Play Store (hereinafter “App”). Therefore, we would like to inform you about how we use your personal data (which is any data that is personally identifiable to you, e.g. name, address, email address, user behavior).
It is recommended that you read this Privacy Policy so that you understand how we use your personal data. This Privacy Policy governs the use of your personal information by us the Ahoiii Entertainment UG (“Company”, “we”, “us” or “our”) through or in connection with our apps and websites and any sub-sites. Other websites and portals operated by us, if any, may have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy. Please inform yourself accordingly.
Fiete was founded with the goal of improving access to quality education for children worldwide. We are firmly committed to providing an educational, entertaining, and safe service for children and parents that meets the highest standards.
By downloading, accessing, using our App, you expressly consent to our collection, use and disclosure of the information you provide to us as described in this Privacy Policy. In doing so, we will comply with all applicable data security and privacy laws, including applicable EU data protection laws. We will treat your personal information confidentially and in accordance with legal requirements.
Table of contents
1. contact information
2. general information on data processing
3. your rights
4. collection of personal data when using our app
5. recipients of data and data transfer to third countries
6. Access rights of our app
1 - Contact information
a)    Name and contact options of the responsible party Responsible for data collection, processing and use (“data processing”) within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO) is: Ahoiii Entertainment UG, Gilbachstrasse 24, 50762 Cologne, support@ahoiii.com, Tel:+49 221 16910781
b)    Data processing when contacting us 1. When you contact us by e-mail or via a contact form, the data you provide (your e-mail address, name and telephone number, if applicable) will be stored by us in order to answer your questions. We delete the data accruing in this context after the storage is no longer necessary or restrict the processing if there are legal retention obligations.
c)    Contact form, if applicable If you use a contact form in our app to send us an inquiry, we require the following information: Email address, name, phone number and company, if applicable. Before sending your request, we need your consent to process the transmitted data in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO. Your inquiry including all personal data resulting from it (e.g. IP address, name, inquiry) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. The data we collect will only be used to respond to the request. We delete the data accrued in this context after the storage is no longer necessary or restrict the processing if there are legal obligations to retain data.
d)    Data processing when contacting us 2. When using our app, we need your email address so that you can create a user account to use the app. We may use your e-mail address to contact you. Possible here would be a contact for advertising purposes or to perform a satisfaction query. The contact only refers to our own products and your data will not be passed on to third parties for advertising purposes. By checking the box in the app, we receive your consent to process the transmitted data in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO. The resulting personal data (email address, name) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing. Your consent can be withdrawn at any time.
e)    Other: If we use contracted service providers for individual functions of our offer or would like to use your data for advertising purposes, we will inform you in detail about the respective processes below. In doing so, we will also state the specified criteria for the storage period.
2 - General information on data processing
We are responsible for the data processing that takes place in the context of the use of this app. Our employees have been obligated to maintain the confidentiality of personal data and have also been sensitized to the special importance of data protection.
You can access, print or download this data protection declaration permanently and at any time at the address https://www.ahoiii.com/datenschutzerklaerung/.
1.Scope of the processing of personal data
The use of the app requires the processing of various information.
2. Legal basis for the processing of personal data.
This processing of your personal data is based on various legal bases. These are presented in the abstract below.
Fulfillment of contract or implementation of pre-contractual measures (Art. 6 para. 1 b)/ § 26 BDSG-Neu):
Processing takes place only to the extent necessary for the exercise and fulfillment of the rights and obligations arising from the contract. Unless expressly stated otherwise, data processing by us will only take place to this extent.
Legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 f)):
Processing is carried out insofar as there is a legitimate interest on our part and no opposing overriding interests on your part are apparent. The specific interest is explained in this privacy policy in the context of the processing description.
Consent (Art. 6 para. 1 a)):
Processing is carried out insofar as you have expressly consented to this on the basis of transparent information about the type and scope of data processing. You can revoke your consent at any time. However, the processing that has taken place up to this point will not be affected by this.
Legal obligation (Art. 6 para. 1 c)):
Processing takes place insofar as it is necessary for the fulfillment of German or European legal obligations.
3. Data deletion and storage period
We delete your personal data as soon as the legal basis for their processing ceases to apply and no legal retention obligations exist. A retention obligation may be provided for if this is regulated by the European or national legislator in ordinances, laws or other regulations to which we are subject.
4. Possibility of objection and elimination
Wherever data processing is based on your consent or a legitimate interest of ours, you have the right to object to the processing at any time. You can contact support@ahoiii.com to exercise your right of withdrawal. If you object to processing based on our legitimate interest, we may still continue processing if we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that override your interests, their rights and freedoms.
5. Modification of this privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time in compliance with legal requirements.
3 - Your rights
If personal data of yours is processed by us, you are a data subject within the meaning of Art. 4 (1) DS-GVO. Therefore, you are entitled to the following rights regarding the personal data concerning you:
– Right to information according to Art. 15 DS-GVO,
– Right to rectification or erasure according to Art. 16 and Art. 17 DS-GVO,
– Right to restriction of processing according to Art. 18 DS-GVO,
– Right to object to processing Art. 21 DS-GVO,
– Right to data portability according to Art. 20 DS-GVO,
– Right to revoke the declaration of consent under data protection law according to Art. 7 (3) DS-GVO.
As a user of our website and app, you are not subject to automated decision-making within the meaning of Art. 22 DS-GVO. If you do not agree with the way we process your data, please contact us at support@ahoiii.com. Furthermore, pursuant to Art. 77 DS-GVO, you have the right to file a complaint with the supervisory authority responsible for you and your concerns near your place of residence.
4 - Collection of personal data when using our app.
a) Collection of personal data
Bemi downloading the mobile app, the required information is transferred to the App Store (Apple) or Play Store (by Google). We have no influence on this data collection and are not responsible for it. We process the data only to the extent necessary to download the mobile app to your mobile device.
If you want to use the full scope of our app, you must register as a user. For this purpose, you have the option of setting up a user account with us. This serves the purpose of enabling you to access our service, improve our product and develop new products.
If you wish to set up a password-protected user account with us, we require the following information from you:
– a valid e-mail address
– Player name (this does not have to be the real name. It can be changed in the app at any time)
– Year of birth (“Parental Gate” is not stored).
In addition, you may need to provide a password of your own choosing to set up a user account. Together with your e-mail address or your user name, this password enables access to your user account. In your user account, you can view and change your stored data at any time.
When using the mobile app, we collect the personal data described below to enable the use of the functions. If you would like to use our mobile app, we collect the following data, which is technically necessary for us to offer you the functions of our mobile app and to ensure stability and security (legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b DS-GVO):
– User identification (e.g., an account ID).
– IP address
– Date and time of requests
– Content of the request (specific page view or activity)
– Access status/HTTP status code
– amount of data transferred in each case
– Language (so-called locale)
– Device identification and information
– Operating system and version
– Furthermore, we may collect the following data when forwarding to the app in order to enable users to use it comfortably:
– Website from which the user was redirected to the app (referrer)
– Request parameters (e.g. authentication code or campaign IDs)
– Usage data generated during the use of the app (e.g. app sessions, session duration, app interactions, badges won, points collected, exercises performed) are not collected by us and remain solely on the respective device.
The processing of your personal data takes place upon your request and is necessary for the aforementioned purposes for the use of our products and thus for the fulfillment of the contract and pre-contractual measures according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b DSGVO or due to legitimate interests according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO, which are always weighed against your interests.
The personal data collected by this app will be stored until you request us to delete it, revoke your consent to store it, or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies, unless we are obligated to store it for a longer period of time pursuant to Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. c DSGVO due to tax and commercial law retention and documentation obligations (from HGB, StGB or AO) or you have consented to the storage beyond this pursuant to Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. a DSGVO.  This is subject to deviating or more specific information within this data protection declaration.
b) Objection or revocation against the processing of your data.
If you have given your consent to the processing of your data, you may revoke it at any time. Such revocation will affect the permissibility of the processing of your personal data after you have expressed it to us.
Insofar as we base the processing of your personal data on the balance of interests, you may object to the processing. This is the case if the processing is not necessary, in particular, for the performance of a contract with you, which is presented by us in each case in the description of the functions. In the event of your justified objection, we will examine the factual situation and either discontinue or adapt the data processing or show you our compelling reasons worthy of protection on the basis of which we will continue the processing. Of course, you can object to the processing of your personal data for advertising purposes at any time. You can inform us of your advertising objection using the following contact details: support@ahoiii.com
5 - Recipients of data and data transfer to third countries
a) Recipients of data
The personal data that we collect from you in the context of the app will only be transmitted with processors involved in data processing on the basis of a valid agreement on commissioning.
b) Data transfer to third countries
The personal data that we collect from you within the scope of the App is generally not transferred to third countries outside the European Economic Area.
However, when using the following apps, data may be transmitted to third countries:
– Mailchimp (newsletter), if applicable.
– Unity 3D (error diagnosis, anonymized analysis data for apps).
– AppsFlyer
– Revenue Cat
– Google Firebase (analytics data for websites)
– Google Analytics
– Google Cloud Storage
You can find the specific details on data transfer in this data protection declaration at the respective points of the individual functions.
6 - Access rights of our app
In order to provide our service via the app, we require the following access rights, which allow us to access certain functions of your device:
– Internet connection
– Audio playback
– Push notifications, if applicable
Android devices have a default setting that push notifications are automatically enabled. This default setting can be revoked during the registration process and at any time in the app in the profile under “Settings”. Apple devices have the default setting that push messages are automatically disabled, should you wish to receive push messages, please enable this feature here in the profile under “Settings”.
– If applicable, Vibrate (for push notifications).
The data processing of your personal data takes place on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b DSGVO for the fulfillment of the contract for the use of our app. In addition, the processing is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Our interests arise as legitimate in the sense of the aforementioned provision and follow from the purposes for data processing listed above.
Advertising
We exclusively advertise our own products in our products. In our apps, your child is protected by a safeguard (parental gate) of these links.
Cookies
We use cookies on our website and mobile applications. These are small files that are automatically created by your browser and stored on your end device (laptop, tablet, smartphone or similar) when you visit our website or use our mobile applications. Cookies do not cause any damage to your end device, do not contain viruses, Trojans or other malware. Information is stored in the cookie that arises in each case in connection with the specific end device used. This does not mean, however, that we gain direct knowledge of your identity. The use of cookies serves on the one hand to make the use of our offer more pleasant for you. For example, we use so-called session cookies to recognize that you have visited individual pages of our website or have already used our mobile applications. These are automatically deleted after you leave our website. In addition, we also use temporary cookies to optimize user-friendliness, which are stored on your terminal device for a certain specified period of time. If you visit our website or use our mobile applications again to make use of our services, it is automatically recognized that you have already been with us and what entries and settings you have made so that you do not have to enter them again. On the other hand, we use cookies to statistically record the use of our website or our mobile applications and to evaluate them for the purpose of optimizing our offer for you. These cookies enable us to automatically recognize that you have already been with us when you visit our website or mobile applications again. These cookies are automatically deleted after a defined period of time. The data processed by cookies is necessary for the aforementioned purposes to protect our legitimate interests as well as those of third parties pursuant to Article 6 para. 1 sentence 1. f) DSGVO. Most browsers accept cookies automatically. However, you can configure your browser so that no cookies are stored on your computer or a notice always appears before new cookies are created. However, completely disabling cookies may prevent you from using all the features of our website or mobile applications.
Google Cloud Storage
Google Cloud Storage is a cloud-based storage service that we use to store and retrieve files and data securely in the cloud. The service is part of the Google Cloud Platform and provides secure storage for all types of data. We do not store any personal data here, only data that is necessary for the app to function.
Analysis tools/ Tracking tools
The tracking measures listed below and used by us are carried out on the basis of Article 6 (1) sentence 1 f) DSGVO. With the tracking measures used, we want to ensure a needs-based design and the ongoing optimization of our website or our mobile applications.
On the other hand, we use the tracking measures to statistically record the use of our website or our mobile applications and to evaluate them for the purpose of optimizing our offer for you. These interests are considered legitimate in the sense of the aforementioned provision. The respective data processing purposes and data categories can be found in the corresponding tracking tools.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a free web analytics service provided by Google that allows us to collect information about visitors to our website or application. The tool provides insights into website or app performance, user usage, and the effectiveness of marketing activities. Google Analytics collects anonymized data from users by default by truncating users’ IP addresses to prevent users from being identified.
Google Analytics collects the following data we work with:
– Behavioral data: Google Analytics collects information about users’ behavior on the website or app, such as the number of page views, dwell time, bounce rate, devices and operating systems used, as well as what actions were taken on the website or app.
Google Analytics uses cookies and similar technologies to collect data from users. The collected data is anonymized by default by shortening the IP addresses of users to prevent the identification of users.
The collection and use of your IP address by Google Analytics can be objected to at any time with effect for the future. To do this, you have the option of installing a browser plug-in provided by Google. The plug-in and more detailed information can be found on the Google website at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.
The privacy statements for this service can be found here:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de
Revenue Cat
RevenueCat is a platform that allows us to integrate in-app subscriptions and other revenue streams into our mobile apps. The platform provides a set of tools and services that help us with subscription management, pricing, and analytics. The data collected is used to improve the platform and tools and to provide us with insights into user interaction with our apps and subscriptions.
RevenueCat collects various data to analyze and improve the use of the Platform. This includes, for example:
– Usage Data: RevenueCat collects information about usage of the Platform, including the number of integrations, number of users, and revenue generated through the Platform.
– Device Data: RevenueCat also collects data about the devices on which apps are run, including device platform, operating system, and hardware configuration.
– User data: RevenueCat may also collect information about App users, including their email addresses and payment information, as necessary for subscription management.
– Subscription Data: If in-app subscriptions are used in the Apps, RevenueCat may collect data about the subscriptions, including subscription types, prices, terms, and the number of subscribers.
– Analytics Data: RevenueCat can also provide data analytics tools to give developers insights into user interaction with their apps and subscriptions.
In doing so, RevenueCat is careful to comply with applicable data protection laws and has taken appropriate measures to ensure data security.
The privacy policy for this service can be found here:
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy/
Unity
Unity3D is a development platform for creating 2D and 3D games, simulations and other interactive applications. The platform provides us, as developers, with a comprehensive set of tools and resources to create games and applications quickly and effectively.
Unity3D collects various anonymized data to analyze and improve the use of the platform.
This includes, for example:
– Usage data: Unity3D collects information about the use of the Platform, including the types of applications created, the features and tools used, and the number of users.
– Device data: Unity3D also collects data about the devices on which the applications are run, including the device platform, operating system, and hardware configuration.
– Usage behavior: Unity3D may also collect information about how users interact with the applications it creates, including behavior patterns and frequency of use.
– Error messages: When errors occur in the applications, Unity3D can collect data to identify and resolve the cause of the error.
– Analytics data: Unity3D may also provide data analytics tools to provide developers with insights into user interaction with the applications.
The privacy policy for this service can be found here:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
AppsFlyer
AppsFlyer is a mobile attribution and marketing analytics platform that allows us, as app developers and marketers, to track and optimize the performance of our mobile marketing campaigns.
The platform allows us to measure install sources, in-app events, and engagement data for mobile apps on various platforms such as iOS and Android. This helps us measure and optimize the success of our campaigns by providing insights into user interaction of our apps and ads.
AppsFlyer collects anonymized data to enable mobile attribution and marketing analytics capabilities.
These include:
– Installation data: AppsFlyer collects data about users’ installation of the app to determine the origin of the installation and the campaign that contributed to the installation.
– In-App Event Data: The platform also collects data on user activity within the app, including the number of views, purchases and other in-app actions of interest to developers and marketers.
– User Data: AppsFlyer collects data about users, including device information, IP addresses, and other demographic data.
– Campaign data: The platform also collects data about marketing campaigns, including the ad platform, target audience, and campaign time period.
– Analytics data: AppsFlyer also provides data analytics tools to give developers and marketers insights into the performance of their mobile marketing campaigns and app performance.
The privacy policy for this service can be found here:
https://www.appsflyer.com/de/trust/privacy/
Google Firebase
Google Firebase is a mobile and web development platform that provides us, as developers, with a set of tools and services to build and run custom apps.
Firebase includes a variety of tools that help us build, run and improve mobile apps and web applications. Some of the key features include: Authentication, Cloud Storage, Remote Configuration, Performance Monitoring and Analytics.
Firebase collects data from users to provide these features. The type of data collected depends on the type of features used. Some of the data that is collected by Firebase is:
– User Data: Firebase collects basic user data such as device information, operating system versions, and geographic location information.
– Usage Information: Firebase collects application usage information such as session duration, screen views, in-app purchases, and other interactions users have with the application.
Firebase may collect both anonymized and personalized data. It depends on the type of data that is collected by the application. Firebase allows us as developers to create custom events and parameters to collect more detailed information, such as custom events and custom user attributes.
The privacy policy for this service can be found here:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy?hl=de
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy/:
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy for the website hosted at https://www.revenuecat.com/ (
“our site”
), our products and services, and for other RevenueCat activities at which you may provide your personal data, such as sponsored events or trade shows. The site is operated by or on behalf of RevenueCat, Inc. (
“we”
,
”us”
,
“our”
). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of service and any other documents referred to in it) sets out:
Information we collect
Cookies and other tracking technologies
How we use your information
Our promotional updates and communications
Lawful Bases
Who we share your information with
Where we store your information
How we respond to DNT signals
How we protect your information
How long we keep your information
EU Citizen Rights
Note to Users Outside the United States
Changes to this policy
Contact us
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By engaging in our site and services, you acknowledge you have read and understood this privacy policy. To the extent  applicable privacy law includes the European Economic Area General Data Protection Regulation, (the “GDPR”) with respect to personal data collected by us, the data controller for purposes of GDPR is: RevenueCat, Inc., 1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511
UNITED STATES
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Information we collect
We will collect and process the following personal data from you:
Information you give us, which may consist of:
Information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, in discussion boards or other social media functions on or via our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, submit a query, providing information at trade shows or sponsored events and when you report a problem with our site;
Your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph, login and password details; and
Employment details if you send us a CV, resumé or other details of your employment history in connection with an advertised job vacancy or a general inquiry regarding employment opportunities with us.
Technical information, which may include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, which may include the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number or social media handle used to connect with our customer service team.
IP Location data, where IP addresses are collected and location is inferred based on IP location.
Information collected from other platform activities.
If you are using our products or services as a developer, the following information regarding your end users may be received and processed by us:
“End User Technical Information”: This refers to technical information related to an end user’s mobile device or computer, such as: device type, operating system,
“End User Transaction Information”: This refers to transaction information related to an end user’s activities with respect to your app or other digital product, and may include:
Last seen time that the end user used your app or digital product;
Apple receipt file; and
Google purchase token,
“Optional End User Information”: This refers to information that we may receive if you select or enable this option in our products, which may include:
User ID of the end user in your app or digital product; and
Additional attribution or metadata associated with an end user.
End User Technical Information, End User Transaction Information, and Optional End User Information are collectively referred to as “End User Information”.
Information we receive from other sources
We may receive other personal data about you:
If you use any of the other websites or apps we operate or the other services we or our affiliates provide.
From third parties we work with:, which may include Zapier Lead Scoring.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Our site uses cookies and/or other similar technologies such as device-IDs, in-app codes, pixel tags or web beacons to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code that a website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalized content. Our site uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and use our service and also allows us to improve our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and similar technologies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our website if you do so. A number of cookies and similar technologies we use last only for the duration of your web or app session and expire when you close your browser. Others are used to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer. We use these cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights), and, in some cases, where required by law, where you have consented to their use.
How we use your information
Information we collect:
We will use this information in our legitimate interests, where we have considered these are not overridden by your rights:
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To keep our site safe and secure.
For measuring or understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our site and service, when you choose to do so.
To deliver and improve our products and services and your overall user experience.
Information we receive from other sources:
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights). We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
‍
End User Information:
We will only use End User Information to provide our services and products to you, in accordance with the agreement agreed to and signed by us.
Our promotional updates and communications
Where permitted in our legitimate interest or with your prior consent where required by law, we will use your personal information for marketing analysis and to provide you with promotional update communications by email about our products and services. You can object to further marketing at any time by checking and updating your contact details within your account, or selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the end of all our marketing and promotional update communications to you, or by submitting your email address here.
Lawful Bases
We will only collect and process personal data where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to operate the site or deliver any products or services you have requested) and “legitimate interests”. We rely on our legitimate interests as our lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law). If you have questions about the lawful bases of how we process your personal information, contact us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
.
Who we share your information with
We may share your information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, who support our processing of personal data under this policy. If any of these parties are using your information for direct marketing purposes, we will only transfer the information to them for that purpose with your prior consent.
Selected third parties which may include:
Organizations who process your personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions and applicable law. This includes organizations supporting the services we offer through the site, in particular organizations providing website and data hosting services, providing fulfillment services, distributing any communications we send, supporting or updating marketing lists, and facilitating feedback on our services. These organizations (which may include third party suppliers, agents, sub-contractors and/or other companies in the RevenueCat group of companies) will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their support functions.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our site and subject to the cookie section of this policy (this will not identify you as an individual).
Payment processing providers, such as Stripe, who provide secure payment processing services. (Your payment card details are not shared with us by the provider.)
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If RevenueCat or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of service, terms of use, and other agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of RevenueCat, our customers, or others.
Where we store your information
The data that we collect from you will be stored securely on Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) in the USA.
How We Respond to DNT Signals
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a Do Not Track signal to websites and other online services you visit. We do not alter our practices when we receive a Do Not Track signal from a visitor’s browser because we do not track our visitors to provide targeted advertising. To find out more about Do Not Track, please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Public forums
The site may, from time to time, make chat rooms, message boards, news groups and/or other public forums available to its users. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when using these and avoid posting any personal information.
Child safety
The site is intended for use only by persons who are at least 16 years of age. By using the site, you confirm to us that you meet this requirement. If you are under the age of 16, you confirm you have received permission from your parent or guardian before using this site or sending us personal information.
Payment processing
Payment details you provide will be encrypted using secure sockets layer (SSL) technology before they are submitted to us over the internet. Payments made on the site are made through our payment gateway provider. You will be providing credit or debit card information directly to the operator which operates a secure server to process payment details, encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorizing payment. Information which you supply is not within our control and is subject to the operator’s own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
How we protect your information
Security is one of our biggest priorities at RevenueCat. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
All application data is secured in transit using TLS.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL.
RevenueCat audits changes to the application throughout the development lifecycle: architecture reviews are performed as well as stringent automated and manual code review processes.
RevenueCat monitors application servers, infrastructure, and the RevenueCat network environment to detect potential abuse.
RevenueCat uses Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) to persistently store Customer data and does not host Customer data on its premises. AWS is a leading cloud provider, and holds industry best security certifications, such as SOC2 and ISO 27001. Customer data sent to RevenueCat from around the world is sent to AWS data centers located in the United States.
How long we keep your information
We retain personal data during any period in which you have expressed an interest in our products and services, for as long as you have an account with us in order to meet our contractual obligations to you, and for six years after that to identify any issues and resolve any legal proceedings. We may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services. You cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes.
EU Citizen Rights Under GDPR
You have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us.
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us.
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example).
to object to the further processing of your personal data, including the right to object to marketing.
to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party.
You may opt out at any time from allowing further access by us to your location data by emailing compliance@revenuecat.com.
Your right to withdraw consent:
Where the processing of your personal information by us is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent without detriment at any time by going here.
You can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law.
We would appreciate the opportunity to directly address any GDPR issues you may have. Please contact us at compliance@revenuecat.com. You do, however, have the right to approach your local data protection authority, (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html for data protection authorities in the EU).
Data processed on behalf of our Customers
RevenueCat may process End User Information on behalf of its customers. We are not the controllers of this data and act as data processors, and have no direct relationship with the individuals or end users whose personal information it processes. The processing of personal data sent from our Customers is governed by our
Terms of Use
,
Data Processing Addendum
or any other agreement agreed to and signed by us with our Customers. These agreements cover data transfers to third parties that may occur as part of RevenueCat’s provision of its services to the customer. We will process such data on behalf of the customer as prescribed in the respective agreements between RevenueCat and the customer. The customer’s privacy policy or other agreement between the customer and you (or your organization) will apply to such processing, and not this policy.
If your personal data is processed by RevenueCat on behalf of one of our customers and you wish to discontinue such processing, or if you seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, please contact the RevenueCat customer (the data controller) directly. The RevenueCat customer should then provide instructions to us, if necessary. If requested to remove data by the data controller we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. We will retain personal information pursuant to our retention policy and will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Note to users outside the United States
RevenueCat is based in the United States. The Site and our products and services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your personal data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal data.
Changes to this policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in future will be posted on this page and, in relation to substantive changes, will be notified to you by email.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Compliance Officer
RevenueCat, Inc.
1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511 UNITED STATES
compliance@revenuecat.com
‍
Sub-policy 1
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 2
https://www.appsflyer.com/de/trust/privacy/:
Plattform
Measurement
Measurement suite
Messen Sie zuverlässig jede Aktion
ROI measurement
Ermitteln Sie Ihren wahren ROI
Creative Optimization
Entdecken Sie Ihre Creative-Performance  mit der Power von KI
Analyse
Marketing analytics
Setzen Sie Erkenntnisse über die Kampagnen-Performance in Maßnahmen um
Inkrementalität
Entdecken Sie den wahren Wert Ihrer Marketing-Kampagnen
Engagement
CX & Deep-Linking
Steigern Sie Ihren Umsatz mit außergewöhnlichen Kundenerlebnissen
Zielgruppen-Segmentierung
Bauen Sie wertvolle Beziehungen zu Ihren Kund:innen auf
Schutz
Betrugsschutz
Schützen Sie Ihr Budget vor Mobile Ad-Fraud
Vernetzung
Privacy Cloud
Kollaborieren in einer sicheren und geschützten Data Clean Room-Umgebung
Data Clean Room
Voller Einblick in Ihre Kampagnen unter Wahrung der Privatsphäre
Partner-Marktplatz
Verbinden Sie sich mit über 9.000 Technologie- und Mediapartner:innen
Tarife anzeigen
iOS 14+ Lösungen
Datenfeeds und APIs
Lösungen
Team
Marketing
Produkt
Data & Analytics
R&D
Ziele
iOS-Erkenntnisse zurückgewinnen
App-Wachstum ankurbeln
Nutzerakquise skalieren
Engagement und LTV erhöhen
ROAS maximieren
Branche
Gaming
Shopping
Finanzen
F&B
Entertainment und Musik
Gesundheit und Fitness
Reisen
Plattform
iOS
Android
PC & Konsole
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerschaft
Partner
Agenturen
Customer Success Stories
Was AppsFlyer auszeichnet
Ressourcen
Ressourcen
Bleiben Sie stets auf dem Laufenden mit Branchen-Insights, den neuesten Trends, Original-Content und allem, was AppsFlyer ausmacht
Blog
Reports und Guides
Glossar
Branchen-Benchmarks
Die neuen EU-Verordnungen
Unternehmen
Wer wir sind
Erfahren Sie mehr über unsere Geschichte, unser Team, wofür wir stehen und warum wir tun, was wir tun
Über uns
Support
Trust hub
Karriere
Social impact
Kontakt
Neu: Appsflyer for Games Marketing-Hub
Hub erkunden
Deutsch
English
Français
日本語
Русский
Español
简体中文
한국어
Portuguese
Tiếng Việt
Login
Kostenlos registrieren
Zum Sales Team
Datenschutz bei AppsFlyer
Der höchste Datenschutzstandard der Branche
Wir verpflichten uns, Ihnen volle Transparenz und Kontrolle über die personenbezogenen Daten Ihrer Nutzer:innen zu bieten. Von spezifischen Branchenvorschriften bis hin zu internationalen Datenschutzstandards sind wir nicht nur führend in der Branche, wir helfen auch bei deren Definition.
Erfahren Sie mehr darüber, wie Daten von AppsFlyer verwaltet werden
Whitepaper herunterladen
Wir wollen eine Welt, in der die Privatsphäre geschützt ist. Wir haben erhebliche Ressourcen in die sorgfältige Einhaltung von Vorschriften in allen unseren Lösungen und Teams investiert. Unsere Mission und Verantwortung besteht nicht nur darin, unseren Kunden und Kundinnen ein vollständig rechtskonformes Produkt bereitzustellen, sondern ihnen auch dabei zu helfen, ihre eigene Compliance sicherzustellen.
Wir haben technische und organisatorische Maßnahmen getroffen, um sicherzustellen, dass standardmäßig nur die personenbezogenen Daten, die für den jeweiligen Zweck des Dienstes erforderlich sind, verarbeitet werden und streng nach den Anweisungen und Konfigurationen unserer Kunden und Kundinnen.
Wir haben eine umfassende Auswahl von APIs und Tools entwickelt, die unseren Kunden und Kundinnen helfen, einen vollständig rechtskonformen Stack aufzubauen. Durch die Einführung unserer Tools können Marken nahezu in Echtzeit auf Anfragen in ihren Partner-Ökosystemen eingehen. Unter Einhaltung der DSGVO und des CCPA-Löschrechts helfen unsere APIs Unternehmen weltweit, einen weiteren Schritt in Richtung Compliance zu gehen.
– Das Recht auf Löschung
– Das Recht auf Zugang
– Das Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit
– Das Recht auf Richtigstellung
Bei Apps, die häufig sensible personenbezogene Daten verarbeiten oder Gesundheitsdaten (PHI) schützen, ist es wichtig, mit einem Unternehmen zusammenzuarbeiten, das einen Privacy-by-Design-Ansatz verfolgt, um Ihre Daten zu schützen. Wir lassen Sie entscheiden, welche Daten Sie mit wem teilen, während wir die strengsten Compliance-Standards auf allen globalen Märkten, einschließlich HIPAA, einhalten.
Lesen Sie unsere vollständige
Datenschutzerklärung
Wir verpflichten uns, Kunden und Kundinnen und Endnutzer:innen vollständige Transparenz in Bezug auf unsere Datenschutzpraktiken zu bieten und Kundendaten zu schützen. Wir verwenden die erhaltenen Daten, um unseren Kunden und Kundinnen Dienstleistungen zu erbringen, wie in unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie für Dienstleistungen ausführlicher beschrieben. Darüber hinaus ergreifen wir zum Schutz Ihrer Daten strenge Sicherheits- und Organisationsmaßnahmen, einschließlich der hier beschriebenen.
Um unsere Kunden und Kundinnen bei der Einhaltung des CCPA zu unterstützen, verpflichten wir uns zu folgenden Maßnahme. Nur als Dienstleister für unsere Kunden und Kundinnen zu agieren und die Daten nur für die angegebenen Geschäftszwecke zu verarbeiten. Niemals personenbezogene Daten unserer Kunden und Kundinnen zu verkaufen oder weiterzugeben. Vollständige Transparenz gegenüber unseren Kunden und Kundinnen. Unterstützung der Opt-in- und Opt-out-Anforderungen unserer Kunden und Kundinnen. Das Sicherstellen entsprechender Vereinbarungen mit unseren Kunden und Kundinnen. Das Sicherstellen geeigneter technischer und organisatorischer Maßnahmen zum Schutz unserer Kundendaten.
Für personenbezogene Daten von Verbraucher:innen (d. h. Einwohner:innen Kaliforniens), wobei der Begriff „personenbezogene Daten“ weit gefasst ist. Es werden einige Beispiele für personenbezogene Daten angegeben, darunter IP-Adressen, E-Mail-Adressen, Geolokalisierungsdaten, Browser- und Suchverlauf, um nur einige zu nennen. Daher können Daten, die Sie durch Ihre Nutzung von AppsFlyer sammeln, als personenbezogene Daten im Sinne des CCPA gelten.
Ja, Sie können unsere
DPA
herunterladen.
Die DSGVO gilt für personenbezogene Daten. Diese sind jedoch weit gefasst und umfassen Kennungen wie IP-Adresse, Cookies und Geräte-IDs. Daher können Daten, die von Ihnen durch Ihre Nutzung von AppsFlyer gesammelt werden, gemäß dieser Definition als personenbezogene Daten im Sinne der DSGVO gelten.
Sub-policy 3
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy?hl=de:
Zum Hauptinhalt springen
Auf firebase.google.com werden Google eigene Cookies verwendet, um Google-Dienste bereitzustellen, deren Qualität zu verbessern und Datenverkehr zu analysieren.
Weitere Informationen
.
Ok
Build
Mehr
Ausführen
Mehr
Lösungen
Preise
Docs
Mehr
Community
Mehr
Support
Go to console
Entwicklersupport
Support kontaktieren
Umfang des kostenlosen Supports
Supportanleitungen
Übersicht
FAQ
Sicherheits-Checkliste
Start-Checkliste
Firebase-bezogene Dienstkonten
Fehlerbehebung bei Initialisierungsoptionen
AdSupport-Framework aktivieren
Einstellung von Dynamic Links
Häufig gestellte Fragen zur Einstellung
Dynamic Links-Metadaten exportieren
Zu App-Links und universellen Links migrieren
Von Parse migrieren
Android
iOS+
Cloud-Audit-Logs
Firebase-Verwaltung
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase-Sicherheitsregeln
Firebase Realtime Database
Streaming über Android-Geräte
Letzte Änderungen und Updates
Versionshinweise
iOS-Versionshinweise
Android-Versionshinweise
JavaScript-Versionshinweise
Flutter-Versionshinweise
C++-Versionshinweise
Versionshinweise zu Unity
Admin Node.js-Versionshinweise
Java-Versionshinweise für Administratoren
Admin Python-Versionshinweise
Admin Go-Versionshinweise
Admin .
NET-Versionshinweise
Versionshinweise zu Sicherheitsregeln
Versionshinweise zur Firebase CLI
Richtlinien für Änderungen und Versionierung
Übersicht
Änderungen einführen und kommunizieren
Versionsverwaltung und Wartung
Rechtliche Informationen
Nutzungsbedingungen
Nutzungsbedingungen für kostenpflichtige Dienste
Nutzungsbedingungen zur Datenverarbeitung und Sicherheitsbestimmungen
Firebase: Standardvertragsklauseln
Service Level Agreement für Hosting und Realtime Database
Service Level Agreement für Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase-App,
die Benutzerdatenrichtlinie indiziert
Nutzungsbedingungen für Crashlytics und App Distribution
Firebase-Subprozessoren
Informationen zu Datenschutz und Sicherheit
Datenschutz und Sicherheit in Firebase
Datenschutzbeauftragte und EU-Vertreter benennen
Firebase-Datenschutzanfragen
Instanz-ID-Daten verwalten
Nutzerdaten löschen und exportieren
Datenschutzeinstellungen mit Firebase speichern
Build
Zum Build
Build-Produkte
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative KI
Ausführen
Zu „Run“
Produkte ausführen
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Übersicht
Grundlagen
Build
Ausführen
Referenzen
Beispiele
Weitere Informationen
Ereignisse
Stories
Diese Seite wurde von der
Cloud Translation API
übersetzt.
Firebase
Support
Feedback geben
Datenschutz und Sicherheit in Firebase
bookmark_border
bookmark
Mit Sammlungen den Überblick behalten
Sie können Inhalte basierend auf Ihren Einstellungen speichern und kategorisieren.
Auf dieser Seite
Datenschutz
Firebase-Unterstützung für DSGVO und CCPA
Firebase-Datenverarbeitungs- und Sicherheitsbedingungen
Firebase ist nach wichtigen Datenschutz- und Sicherheitsstandards zertifiziert
Informationen zur Datenverarbeitung
Beispiele für von Firebase verarbeitete Endnutzerdaten
Anleitungen zum Aktivieren der Opt-in-Option für die Datenverarbeitung von Endbenutzern
Speicher- und Verarbeitungsorte der Daten
Sicherheitsinformationen
Datenverschlüsselung
Sicherheitspraktiken
Firebase-Dienstdaten
Beispiele dafür, wie Firebase-Dienstdaten von Firebase verarbeitet werden
Verwendung von Firebase-Dienstdaten durch Nicht-Firebase-Google-Dienste
Auf dieser Seite werden die wichtigsten Sicherheits- und Datenschutzinformationen von Firebase aufgeführt. Ganz gleich, ob Sie ein neues Projekt mit Firebase starten möchten oder neugierig sind, wie Firebase mit Ihrem bestehenden Projekt funktioniert: Lesen Sie weiter, um zu erfahren, wie Firebase Sie und Ihre Benutzer schützen kann.
Letzte Änderung: 25. Juli 2023
Datenschutz
Firebase-Unterstützung für DSGVO und CCPA
Am 25. Mai 2018 ersetzte die EU-Datenschutzgrundverordnung (DSGVO) die EU-Datenschutzrichtlinie von 1995. Am 1. Januar 2020 trat der California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in Kraft. Am 1. Januar 2023 trat der California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) in Kraft, ein Datenschutzgesetz, das den CCPA ändert und erweitert. Google ist bestrebt, seinen Kunden dabei zu helfen, diese Datenschutzbestimmungen erfolgreich einzuhalten, unabhängig davon, ob es sich um große Softwareunternehmen oder unabhängige Entwickler handelt.
Die DSGVO erlegt Datenverantwortlichen und Datenverarbeitern Verpflichtungen auf, und die CCPA/CPRA erlegt Unternehmen und ihren Dienstleistern Verpflichtungen auf. Firebase-Kunden fungieren in der Regel als „Datenverantwortlicher“ (DSGVO) oder „Unternehmen“ (CCPA/CPRA) für alle personenbezogenen Daten oder Informationen über ihre Endnutzer, die sie Google im Zusammenhang mit der Nutzung von Firebase zur Verfügung stellen, und Google fungiert im Allgemeinen als dieser ein „Datenverarbeiter“ (DSGVO) oder „Dienstleister“ (CCPA/CPRA).
Das bedeutet, dass die Daten unter der Kontrolle des Kunden stehen. Kunden sind für Verpflichtungen wie die Erfüllung der Rechte einer Person in Bezug auf ihre persönlichen Daten oder Informationen verantwortlich.
Firebase-Datenverarbeitungs- und Sicherheitsbedingungen
Wenn Kunden Firebase nutzen, ist Google in der Regel Datenverarbeiter im Sinne der DSGVO und verarbeitet personenbezogene Daten in ihrem Namen. Wenn Kunden Firebase nutzen, agiert Google im Allgemeinen als Dienstleister im Rahmen des CCPA/CPRA und verarbeitet personenbezogene Daten in ihrem Namen. Die Firebase-Bedingungen umfassen
Datenverarbeitungs- und Sicherheitsbedingungen,
in denen diese Verantwortlichkeiten detailliert beschrieben werden.
Bestimmte Firebase-Dienste
, die den Nutzungsbedingungen der Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
unterliegen, unterliegen bereits den zugehörigen Datenverarbeitungsbedingungen, dem
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
. Eine vollständige Liste der Firebase-Dienste, die derzeit den GCP-Nutzungsbedingungen unterliegen, finden Sie in den
Nutzungsbedingungen für Firebase-Dienste
.
Google Analytics ist ein separater Dienst, der zusammen mit Firebase verwendet werden kann und separaten
Bedingungen
unterliegt.
Firebase ist nach wichtigen Datenschutz- und Sicherheitsstandards zertifiziert
ISO- und SOC-Konformität
Alle Firebase-Dienste (außer App Indexing) haben den
ISO 27001-
und
SOC 1-
,
SOC 2-
und
SOC 3
-Bewertungsprozess erfolgreich abgeschlossen, und einige haben auch den
ISO 27017-
und
ISO 27018-
Zertifizierungsprozess abgeschlossen. Compliance-Berichte und Zertifikate für Firebase-Dienste, die den GCP-Nutzungsbedingungen unterliegen, können über den
Compliance Reports Manager
angefordert werden
Dienstname
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud-Funktionen für Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud-Speicher für Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Dynamische Firebase-Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B-Tests
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud-Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App-Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase-App-Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase-App-Verteilung
check
check
check
check
Firebase-Authentifizierung
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase-Echtzeitdatenbank
check
check
check
check
Firebase-Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase-Leistungsüberwachung
check
check
check
check
Firebase-Plattform
check
check
check
check
Firebase-Remote-Konfiguration
check
check
check
check
Firebase-Testlabor
check
check
check
check
check
check
Internationale Datenübertragungen
Die Privacy Shield-Rahmenwerke stellten einen Mechanismus zur Einhaltung der Datenschutzanforderungen bei der Übermittlung personenbezogener Daten aus dem EWR, dem Vereinigten Königreich oder der Schweiz in die Vereinigten Staaten und darüber hinaus bereit. Angesichts des Urteils des Gerichtshofs der Europäischen Union zu Datenübermittlungen, mit dem das EU-US-Datenschutzschild für ungültig erklärt wurde, ist Firebase dazu übergegangen, sich für relevante Datenübermittlungen auf Standardvertragsklauseln zu stützen, die laut Urteil weiterhin gelten können gültiger rechtlicher Mechanismus zur Datenübermittlung gemäß der DSGVO. Die Europäische Kommission hat am 4. Juni 2021 neue Versionen der Standardvertragsklauseln genehmigt, die wir in unsere Verträge mit Firebase-Kunden für relevante Datenübertragungen integrieren.
Wir verpflichten uns zu einer rechtmäßigen Grundlage für Datenübertragungen unter Einhaltung der geltenden Datenschutzgesetze.
Informationen zur Datenverarbeitung
Beispiele für von Firebase verarbeitete Endnutzerdaten
Einige Firebase-Dienste verarbeiten die Daten Ihrer Endbenutzer, um ihren Dienst bereitzustellen. Die folgende Tabelle enthält Beispiele dafür, wie verschiedene Firebase-Dienste potenziell identifizierende Endbenutzerdaten verwenden und verarbeiten. Darüber hinaus bieten viele Firebase-Dienste die Möglichkeit, die Löschung bestimmter Daten anzufordern oder den Umgang mit Daten zu steuern.
Firebase-Dienst
Endbenutzerdaten
Wie Daten zur Bereitstellung des Dienstes beitragen
Cloud-Funktionen für Firebase
IP-Adressen
So hilft es:
Cloud Functions verwendet IP-Adressen, um Ereignisverarbeitungsfunktionen und HTTP-Funktionen basierend auf Endbenutzeraktionen auszuführen.
Aufbewahrung:
Cloud-Funktionen speichern IP-Adressen nur vorübergehend, um den Dienst bereitzustellen.
Dynamische Firebase-Links
Gerätespezifikationen (iOS)
IP-Adressen (iOS)
So hilft es:
Dynamic Links verwendet Gerätespezifikationen und IP-Adressen unter iOS, um neu installierte Apps für eine bestimmte Seite oder einen bestimmten Kontext zu öffnen.
Aufbewahrung:
Dynamic Links speichert Gerätespezifikationen und IP-Adressen nur vorübergehend, um den Dienst bereitzustellen.
Firebase Cloud-Messaging
Firebase-Installations-IDs
So hilft es:
Firebase Cloud Messaging verwendet Firebase-Installations-IDs, um zu bestimmen, an welche Geräte Nachrichten gesendet werden sollen.
Aufbewahrung:
Firebase behält die Firebase-Installations-IDs bei, bis der Firebase-Kunde einen API-Aufruf zum Löschen der ID durchführt. Nach dem Anruf werden die Daten innerhalb von 180 Tagen aus Live- und Backup-Systemen entfernt.
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics-Installations-UUIDs
Firebase-Installations-ID
Absturzspuren
Breakpad-Minidump-formatierte Daten
(Nur NDK stürzt ab)
Wie es hilft:
Firebase Crashlytics verwendet Absturz-Stack-Traces, um Abstürze einem Projekt zuzuordnen, E-Mail-Benachrichtigungen an Projektmitglieder zu senden und diese in der Firebase-Konsole anzuzeigen und Firebase-Kunden beim Debuggen von Abstürzen zu helfen. Es verwendet Crashlytics-Installations-UUIDs, um die Anzahl der von einem Absturz betroffenen Benutzer zu messen, und Minidump-Daten, um NDK-Abstürze zu verarbeiten. Die Minidump-Daten werden während der Verarbeitung der Absturzsitzung gespeichert und anschließend verworfen. Die Firebase-Installations-ID ermöglicht kommende Funktionen, die die Absturzberichte und Absturzverwaltungsdienste verbessern. Weitere Einzelheiten zu den Arten der gesammelten
Benutzerinformationen finden Sie unter Beispiele für gespeicherte Geräteinformationen
.
Aufbewahrung:
Firebase Crashlytics speichert Crash-Stack-Traces, extrahierte Minidump-Daten und zugehörige Kennungen (einschließlich Crashlytics-Installations-UUIDs und Firebase-Installations-IDs) 90 Tage lang, bevor mit dem Prozess der Entfernung aus Live- und Backup-Systemen begonnen wird.
Hinweis:
Firebase Crashlytics speichert Minidump-Daten nur vorübergehend, um NDK-Abstürze zu verarbeiten.
Firebase In-App-Messaging
Firebase-Installations-IDs
So hilft es:
Firebase In-App Messaging verwendet Firebase-Installations-IDs, um zu bestimmen, an welche Geräte Nachrichten gesendet werden sollen.
Aufbewahrung:
Firebase behält die Firebase-Installations-IDs bei, bis der Firebase-Kunde einen API-Aufruf zum Löschen der ID durchführt. Nach dem Anruf werden die Daten innerhalb von 180 Tagen aus Live- und Backup-Systemen entfernt.
Firebase ML
Hochgeladene Bilder
Installations-Authentifizierungstoken
So hilft es:
Die Cloud-basierten APIs speichern hochgeladene Bilder vorübergehend, um sie zu verarbeiten und die Analyse an Sie zurückzusenden. Gespeicherte Bilder werden normalerweise innerhalb weniger Stunden gelöscht. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in den
FAQ zur Cloud Vision-Datennutzung
.
Installationsauthentifizierungstoken
werden von Firebase ML zur Geräteauthentifizierung bei der Interaktion mit App-Instanzen verwendet, beispielsweise um Entwicklermodelle an App-Instanzen zu verteilen.
Aufbewahrung:
Installationsauthentifizierungstoken bleiben bis zu ihrem Ablaufdatum gültig. Die Standard-Token-Lebensdauer beträgt eine Woche.
Firebase-App-Check
Bescheinigungsmaterial von unterstützten Bescheinigungsanbietern
App-Check-Tokens aus erfolgreichen Attestierungen
So hilft es:
Firebase App Check verwendet Attestierungsmaterial, das vom entsprechenden Attestierungsanbieter benötigt und von den Geräten des Endbenutzers empfangen wird, um die Integrität des Geräts und/oder der App festzustellen. Bescheinigungsmaterialien werden zur Validierung basierend auf der Konfiguration des Entwicklers an den entsprechenden Bescheinigungsanbieter gesendet. Aus erfolgreichen Attestierungen erhaltene App Check-Tokens werden mit jeder Anfrage an unterstützte Firebase-Dienste gesendet, um auf durch App Check geschützte Ressourcen zuzugreifen.
Aufbewahrung:
Bescheinigungsmaterial wird von App Check nicht aufbewahrt, aber wenn es an Bescheinigungsanbieter gesendet wird, unterliegt es den Bedingungen dieser Bescheinigungsanbieter. Von erfolgreichen Attestierungen zurückgegebene App-Check-Tokens sind während ihrer gesamten TTL-Dauer gültig, die nicht länger als 7 Tage sein darf. Für Entwickler, die Wiedergabeschutzfunktionen verwenden, speichert App Check die mit diesen Funktionen verwendeten App Check-Tokens höchstens 30 Tage lang. Andere App-Check-Tokens, die nicht mit Wiedergabeschutzfunktionen verwendet werden, werden von Firebase-Diensten nicht aufbewahrt.
Firebase-App-Verteilung
Namen der Benutzer
E-mailadressen
iOS-UDIDs
Sichere Android-IDs
Firebase-Installations-IDs
Tester-Feedback (Screenshots und Text)
So hilft es:
Firebase App Distribution verwendet die Daten, um App-Builds an Tester zu verteilen, Testeraktivitäten zu überwachen, Testerfunktionen wie In-App-Feedback zu aktivieren und Daten mit Testergeräten zu verknüpfen.
Aufbewahrung:
Firebase App Distribution speichert Benutzerinformationen, bis der Firebase-Kunde deren Löschung anfordert. Anschließend werden die Daten innerhalb von 180 Tagen aus Live- und Backup-Systemen entfernt.
Firebase-Authentifizierung
Passwörter
E-mailadressen
Telefonnummern
Benutzeragenten
IP-Adressen
So hilft es:
Firebase Authentication nutzt die Daten, um die Authentifizierung von Endbenutzern zu ermöglichen und die Verwaltung von Endbenutzerkonten zu erleichtern. Außerdem werden User-Agent-Strings und IP-Adressen verwendet, um zusätzliche Sicherheit zu bieten und Missbrauch bei der Anmeldung und Authentifizierung zu verhindern.
Aufbewahrung:
Firebase Authentication speichert protokollierte IP-Adressen einige Wochen lang. Es behält andere Authentifizierungsinformationen bei, bis der Firebase-Kunde die Löschung des zugehörigen Benutzers veranlasst. Anschließend werden die Daten innerhalb von 180 Tagen aus Live- und Backup-Systemen entfernt.
Firebase-Echtzeitdatenbank
IP-Adressen
Benutzeragenten
So hilft es:
Realtime Database nutzt IP-Adressen und Benutzeragenten, um das
Profiler-Tool
zu aktivieren, das Firebase-Kunden hilft, Nutzungstrends und Plattformausfälle zu verstehen.
Aufbewahrung:
Realtime Database speichert IP-Adressen und User-Agent-Informationen einige Tage lang, es sei denn, ein Kunde entscheidet sich für eine längere Speicherung.
Firebase-Hosting
IP-Adressen
So hilft es:
Hosting nutzt IP-Adressen eingehender Anfragen, um Missbrauch zu erkennen und Kunden eine detaillierte Analyse der Nutzungsdaten zu ermöglichen.
Aufbewahrung:
Das Hosting speichert IP-Daten einige Monate lang.
Firebase-Leistungsüberwachung
Firebase-Installations-IDs
IP-Adressen
So hilft es:
Performance Monitoring verwendet Firebase-Installations-IDs, um die Anzahl eindeutiger Firebase-Installationen zu berechnen, die auf Netzwerkressourcen zugreifen, um sicherzustellen, dass die Zugriffsmuster ausreichend anonym sind. Außerdem werden Firebase-Installations-IDs mit Firebase Remote Config verwendet, um die Rate der Leistungsereignisberichte zu verwalten. Darüber hinaus werden IP-Adressen verwendet, um Leistungsereignisse den Ländern zuzuordnen, aus denen sie stammen. Weitere Informationen finden Sie unter
Datenerfassung
.
Aufbewahrung:
Performance Monitoring speichert IP-bezogene Ereignisse 30 Tage lang und mit der Installation verbundene und nicht identifizierte Leistungsdaten 90 Tage lang, bevor mit dem Prozess der Entfernung dieser Daten aus Live- und Backup-Systemen begonnen wird.
Firebase-Remote-Konfiguration
Firebase-Installations-IDs
So hilft es:
Remote Config verwendet Firebase-Installations-IDs, um Konfigurationswerte auszuwählen, die an Endbenutzergeräte zurückgegeben werden sollen.
Aufbewahrung:
Firebase behält die Firebase-Installations-IDs bei, bis der Firebase-Kunde einen API-Aufruf zum Löschen der ID durchführt. Nach dem Anruf werden die Daten innerhalb von 180 Tagen aus Live- und Backup-Systemen entfernt.
Beispiele für von Crashlytics gesammelte Informationen
Eine RFC-4122-UUID, die es uns ermöglicht, Abstürze zu deduplizieren
Die Crashlytics-Installations-UUID
Die Firebase-Installations-ID (FID)
Die Firebase-Sitzungs-ID, eine zufällig generierte UUID, um Ereignisse mit einer Sitzung zu kennzeichnen
Der Zeitstempel des Absturzes
Die Bundle-ID und die vollständige Versionsnummer der App
Der Betriebssystemname und die Versionsnummer des Geräts
Ein boolescher Wert, der angibt, ob das Gerät einen Jailbreak/Rooting hatte
Der Modellname des Geräts, die CPU-Architektur, die Menge an RAM und der Speicherplatz
Der uint64-Anweisungszeiger jedes Frames jedes aktuell ausgeführten Threads
Sofern in der Laufzeit verfügbar, der Klartext-Methoden- oder Funktionsname, der jeden Anweisungszeiger enthält.
Wenn eine Ausnahme ausgelöst wurde, der Klartext-Klassenname und der Nachrichtenwert der Ausnahme
Wenn ein schwerwiegendes Signal ausgelöst wurde, dessen Name und Ganzzahlcode
Für jedes in die Anwendung geladene Binärbild: Name, UUID, Bytegröße und die uint64-Basisadresse, an der es in den RAM geladen wurde
Ein boolescher Wert, der angibt, ob sich die App zum Zeitpunkt des Absturzes im Hintergrund befand oder nicht
Ein ganzzahliger Wert, der die Drehung des Bildschirms zum Zeitpunkt des Absturzes angibt
Ein boolescher Wert, der angibt, ob der Näherungssensor des Geräts ausgelöst wurde
Der Inhalt von
version-control-info.textproto
(nur für Android-Apps
, die für die Verwendung der Versionskontrollsystem-Integration (VCS) konfiguriert sind
)
Beispiele für von der Leistungsüberwachung erfasste Informationen
Die Firebase-Installations-ID (FID)
Die Firebase-Sitzungs-ID, eine zufällig generierte UUID, um Ereignisse mit einer Sitzung zu kennzeichnen
Allgemeine Geräteinformationen wie Modell, Betriebssystem und Ausrichtung
RAM- und Festplattengröße
CPU auslastung
Mobilfunkanbieter (basierend auf Mobilfunkland und Netzwerkcode)
Funk-/Netzwerkinformationen (z. B. WLAN, LTE, 3G)
Land (basierend auf IP-Adresse)
Gebietsschema/Sprache
App Version
App-Vordergrund- oder Hintergrundstatus
Name des App-Pakets
Firebase-Installations-IDs
Dauer für automatisierte Ablaufverfolgungen
Netzwerk-URLs (ohne URL-Parameter oder Payload-Inhalte) und die folgenden entsprechenden Informationen:
Antwortcodes (z. B. 403, 200)
Nutzlastgröße in Bytes
Reaktionszeit
Sehen Sie sich eine
vollständige Liste
der von Performance Monitoring erfassten automatischen Traces an.
Hinweis:
Weitere Informationen zum Löschen von mit Installationen verknüpften Daten finden Sie unter
Löschen einer Firebase-Installation
.
Anleitungen zum Aktivieren der Opt-in-Option für die Datenverarbeitung von Endbenutzern
Die Dienste in der obigen Tabelle benötigen eine gewisse Menge an Endbenutzerdaten, um zu funktionieren. Daher ist es nicht möglich, die Datenerfassung während der Nutzung dieser Dienste vollständig zu deaktivieren.
Wenn Sie ein Kunde sind, der Benutzern die Möglichkeit bieten möchte, sich für einen Dienst und die damit verbundene Datenerfassung anzumelden, reicht es in den meisten Fällen aus, vor der Nutzung des Dienstes lediglich einen Dialog hinzuzufügen oder die Einstellungen umzuschalten.
Einige Dienste starten jedoch automatisch, wenn sie in eine App integriert werden. Um Benutzern die Möglichkeit zu geben, sich vor der Nutzung dieser Dienste anzumelden, können Sie die automatische Initialisierung für jeden Dienst deaktivieren und sie stattdessen zur Laufzeit manuell initialisieren. Um herauszufinden, wie das geht, lesen Sie die folgenden Anleitungen:
Cloud Messaging:
Automatische Initialisierung verhindern (Android)
oder
Automatische Initialisierung verhindern (iOS+)
Crashlytics:
Opt-in-Reporting aktivieren (iOS+)
oder
Opt-in-Reporting aktivieren (Android)
Leistungsüberwachung:
Aktivieren Sie die Opt-in-Überwachung
Wenn Sie Firebase mit Google Analytics integrieren, erfahren Sie, wie Sie
die Analytics-Datenerfassung konfigurieren
.
Speicher- und Verarbeitungsorte der Daten
Sofern ein Dienst oder eine Funktion keine Auswahl des Datenstandorts bietet, kann Firebase Ihre Daten überall dort verarbeiten und speichern, wo Google oder seine Vertreter Einrichtungen unterhalten. Mögliche Standorte der Einrichtungen variieren je nach Dienst.
Nur in den USA verfügbare Dienste
Der Firebase-Authentifizierungsdienst wird nur von US-Rechenzentren aus ausgeführt. Daher verarbeitet Firebase Authentication Daten ausschließlich in den Vereinigten Staaten.
Globale Dienstleistungen
Die meisten Firebase-Dienste laufen auf der globalen Google-Infrastruktur. Sie könnten Daten an jedem der
Google Cloud Platform-Standorte
oder
Google-Rechenzentrumsstandorte
verarbeiten. Für einige Dienste können Sie eine bestimmte
Datenstandortauswahl
treffen, die die Verarbeitung auf diesen Standort beschränkt.
Cloud-Speicher für Firebase
Cloud Firestore
Cloud-Funktionen für Firebase
Firebase-Hosting
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase-Leistungsüberwachung
Dynamische Firebase-Links
Firebase-Remote-Konfiguration
Firebase Cloud-Messaging
Firebase ML
Firebase-Testlabor
Firebase-App-Check
Sicherheitsinformationen
Datenverschlüsselung
Firebase-Dienste verschlüsseln Daten während der Übertragung mithilfe von HTTPS und isolieren Kundendaten logisch.
Darüber hinaus verschlüsseln mehrere Firebase-Dienste ihre Daten auch im Ruhezustand:
Cloud Firestore
Cloud-Funktionen für Firebase
Cloud-Speicher für Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase-Authentifizierung
Firebase Cloud-Messaging
Firebase-Echtzeitdatenbank
Firebase-Testlabor
Firebase-App-Check
Firebase-Leistungsüberwachung
Sicherheitspraktiken
Um den Schutz personenbezogener Daten zu gewährleisten, setzt Firebase umfangreiche Sicherheitsmaßnahmen ein, um den Zugriff zu minimieren:
Firebase beschränkt den Zugriff auf ausgewählte Mitarbeiter, die aus geschäftlichen Gründen auf personenbezogene Daten zugreifen.
Firebase protokolliert den Mitarbeiterzugriff auf Systeme, die personenbezogene Daten enthalten.
Firebase erlaubt den Zugriff auf personenbezogene Daten nur durch Mitarbeiter, die sich mit Google Sign-In und
2-Faktor-Authentifizierung
anmelden.
Firebase-Dienstdaten
Firebase-Dienstdaten sind personenbezogene Daten, die Google während der Bereitstellung und Verwaltung der Firebase-Dienste
*
erhebt und generiert, mit Ausnahme von Kundendaten
**
, wie in unseren Kundenvereinbarungen für Firebase-Dienste und
Google Cloud-Dienstdaten
definiert. Beispiele für Firebase-Dienstdaten sind Informationen zur Dienstnutzung, Ressourcenkennungen wie Anwendungs-IDs und Paketnamen/Bundle-IDs, technische und betriebliche Details der Nutzung wie IP-Adressen sowie direkte Kommunikation mit Entwicklern aus Feedback- und Supportgesprächen.
*Zu den abgedeckten Diensten gehören Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Check, Firebase App Distribution, Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links, Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML, Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database, Firebase Remote Config und Firebase User Segmentation Storage.
**Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir Kundendaten verarbeiten, finden Sie in unseren
Firebase-Datenverarbeitungs- und Sicherheitsbestimmungen
.
Beispiele dafür, wie Firebase-Dienstdaten von Firebase verarbeitet werden
Google verwendet Firebase-Dienstdaten gemäß unserer
Datenschutzrichtlinie
und den geltenden Bedingungen. Firebase-Dienstdaten werden beispielsweise verwendet, um:
Stellen Sie die von Ihnen angeforderten Firebase-Dienste bereit
Geben Sie Empfehlungen zur Optimierung der Nutzung der Firebase-Dienste
Pflegen und verbessern Sie Firebase-Dienste
Bereitstellung und Verbesserung anderer von Ihnen angeforderter Dienste
Verstehen Sie Ihre Nutzung von Firebase und anderen Google-Diensten
Bieten Sie eine bessere Unterstützung und Kommunikation mit Ihnen
Schützen Sie Sie, unsere Nutzer, die Öffentlichkeit und Google
Halten Sie gesetzliche Verpflichtungen ein
Verwendung von Firebase-Dienstdaten durch Nicht-Firebase-Google-Dienste
Sie können steuern, ob Ihre Firebase-Dienstdaten von Google verwendet werden dürfen, um detailliertere Analysen, Einblicke und Empfehlungen zu
Nicht-Firebase
-Google-Diensten bereitzustellen und
Nicht-Firebase-
Google-Dienste zu verbessern. Sie können dies auf der Seite mit Ihren Firebase-Datenschutzeinstellungen konfigurieren.
Wenn diese Kontrolle deaktiviert ist, werden die Firebase-Dienstdaten gemäß unserer
Datenschutzrichtlinie
und den geltenden Bedingungen weiterhin für andere Zwecke wie die oben genannten verwendet, einschließlich der Abgabe von Empfehlungen zu
Firebase-
Diensten und deren Verbesserung sowie der Bereitstellung und Verbesserung anderer Von Ihnen angeforderte Dienste, beispielsweise Google-Produkte, die Sie mit Ihrem Firebase-Projekt verknüpfen.
Sie haben noch Fragen? Kontaktiere uns
Wenn Sie Fragen zum Datenschutz haben, die hier nicht behandelt werden,
wenden Sie sich an den Firebase-Support
. Wenn Sie ein Firebase-Entwickler sind, geben Sie Ihre Firebase-App-ID an. Finden Sie Ihre Firebase-App-ID auf der Karte
„Ihre Apps“
Ihrer Projekteinstellungen
settings
Feedback geben
Sofern nicht anders angegeben, sind die Inhalte dieser Seite unter der
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
und Codebeispiele unter der
Apache 2.0 License
lizenziert. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in den
Websiterichtlinien von Google Developers
. Java ist eine eingetragene Marke von Oracle und/oder seinen Partnern.
Zuletzt aktualisiert: 2024-03-20 (UTC).
Info
Chat