The website is located at parcelsapp.com ("site"), along with mobile applications, provide online tracking services for parcels and shipments. We respect your privacy and take your security seriously online. To provide you with the best service and timely updates, we record a variety of information when you visit our site.
To better protect your privacy, we provide the Privacy Policy below, explaining our online practices for collecting information and how you can change how we collect and use your information. We use your Personal Information only to ensure the work and improvement of the Site. By using the site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
By using the site and/or associated "Parcels" mobile app for iOS and Android, the Customer (User) confirms that he has read the conditions of this Privacy Policy with due diligence and accepts them, without any additional comments.
The administration reserves the right to change, add or delete the clauses of this Agreement at any time without notifying the Clients.
Objectives of collecting and processing personal information of clients
The site collects and stores only those personal data that are necessary to provide services and/or sell goods and/or provide other valuable services to site visitors.
Personal information of the Client can be used for the following purposes:
Identification of the party in the framework of agreements and contracts with the site
Providing the Customer with personalized services and services, goods and other valuables
Communication with the Client, including the sending of notices, requests and information regarding the use of the site, the provision of services, as well as the processing of requests and applications from the Client
When processing personal data of users, the site is guided by the Federal Law of the Russian Federation "On Personal Data".
Terms of processing of the user's personal information and its transfer to third parties
With regard to the user's personal information, its confidentiality remains, except for cases of voluntary provision by the user of information about himself for general access to an unlimited number of persons.
The site has the right to transfer the user's personal information to third parties in the following cases:
The user expressed his consent to such actions, by consent expressed in the provision of such data;
Transmission is required as part of the user's use of a particular site, or to provide goods and / or services to the user;
The transfer is provided by Russian or other applicable law within the framework of the procedure established by law;
In order to ensure the possibility of protecting the rights and legitimate interests of the site or third parties in cases where the user violates the Site's User Agreement.
Cookie Policy
We use cookies to analyze traffic, select the right content and advertising for you, and give you the opportunity to share information in social networks. We share information about your activities on the site of Google's partners: social networks and advertising and web analytics companies. Our partners can combine this information with the information you provided, as well as with the data they received when you used their services. To protect your privacy, we restrict the use of these tools.
When you visit our site, use our services, applications, tools, go through our advertising links and exchange messages with us (for example, by e-mail), we or our authorized service providers can use cookies and other similar technologies to store information to allow you to perform the desired actions more efficiently, faster and more safely. This page will give you a more complete understanding of these technologies and how we apply them on our websites, services, applications and tools. Below are the main points of our policy of using cookies and similar technologies, which you should familiarize yourself with.
Use of cookies by third-party service providers
We can cooperate with other companies, usually called "service providers", who can place - with our permission - cookies and similar elements used to store information on our websites, and also integrate them into our services, applications and tools . These service providers help us in the exploitation of our websites, applications, services and tools, and help you to perform the desired actions more efficiently, faster and more safely.
Third-party vendors, including Google and Yandex, use cookies to show you ads based on previous visits to our site. Cookies advertising preferences allow the company Yandex, Google and its partners to show ads in view of your visits to our and / or other sites. Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting
Ads Settings
. Alternatively, you canopt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting
www.aboutads.info
.
Our websites, services, applications and tools can use the services of third parties, such as ad networks and exchanges, for promotional purposes. These ad networks and exchanges, in turn, can use "other" cookies, and similar technology elements to collect the information they need to provide you with relevant services. They can also collect other data about you, such as the device ID, IP address and advertising ID (IDFA), which can be used to customize the advertisements displayed on our and other websites to your best interests.
We do not control the use of the above technologies by third parties, even if they use our technologies to collect or store data. Information about the collection, storage and sharing of data with them can be found in terms of the provision of services by these companies, their privacy policy, and also in the relevant documents of these companies concerning permits, notifications and the right to choose. We do not make any assurance about the policies and practices of third-party advertisers, ad networks and exchanges, and third parties associated with them.
Measures used to protect user personal information
The site takes necessary and sufficient organizational and technical measures to protect the user's personal information from unauthorized or accidental access, destruction, modification, blocking, copying, distribution, as well as from other improper actions of third parties with it.
Additional conditions
The Service has the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy without the Client's consent and notification. Such changes come into force from the date of their publication on the site.
The Client must get acquainted with the changes introduced in time and confirms his responsibility for the consequences of untimely acquaintance with them.
by tisunov