Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 24, 2022
This Privacy Policy explains how personal information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Rush Street Productions LLC (“RSP”). This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our mobile applications, websites, and other online or mobile products and services (collectively, the “Services”).
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the “Last Updated” date at the top of the policy, and, in some cases, we may provide you with more prominent notice (such as by adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access our Services to stay informed about our information practices and about ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we may collect information when you complete a Contact Us form, subscribe to text message updates, participate in contests, promotions or surveys, or otherwise communicate with us.
The types of information we may collect include contact information (such as name, postal address, email address and phone number), demographic information (such as age, date of birth and gender), and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide.
Information We Automatically Collect
When you access or use our Services, we may also automatically collect information about you, including.
Log Information: We log information about your use of the Services, including the type of Internet browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We may use various technologies to collect information via our Services, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us to improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “gifs,” “pixel tags” and “tracking pixels”). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may receive information about you from other sources and combine or link that with information we have about you. For example, if you authorize RSP to connect to certain third-party social networking sites, we will access information about you from those sites, such as your name, account information, friend lists, and any other information you make publicly available in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site.
Use of Information
We use information collected through our Services for purposes described in this Privacy Policy or otherwise disclosed to you in connection with our Services. For example, we may use your information to:
Communicate with you about our or other companies’ products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events and provide other news and information about RSP and other companies with which we partner;
Provide, maintain and improve our Services;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions, and to send you related information, including confirmations and invoices;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalize and improve your experience on the Services and provide ads, content, or features that match user profiles or interests;
Process and deliver contest entries, rewards and surveys; and
Link or combine with other information we get from other companies to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.
RSP is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S.
How long personal data is stored for
Depending on the type, your personal data is stored either until you delete the App or after six months of inactivity. Some data (such as IP addresses or blacklisted email addresses used for fraud) may be held for longer in our legitimate interests to protect our business from losses and also to respect your choice of opt-outs from marketing emails.
We are required by law to delete any information that is no longer necessary to provide Service to you. We assume that if you have not used our App for over six months (“Period of Inactivity”), you have left us indefinitely. We will delete any Personal Data that we have in our possession following the Period of Inactivity. But do not worry, you are always welcome to use our App again if you decide to come back by setting up a new account.
Your rights
You are entitled to the full spectrum of the rights under the General Data Protection Regulation and we will go out of our way to accommodate any valid request. You can either exercise your rights by deleting certain features through your device or by emailing us at
support@pokernight.com
to exercise all the other rights.
You have a wide array of rights that we respect. Among those the right to:
Require access to your personal data;
Require rectification of your personal data;
Require erasure of your personal data;
Withdraw consent to processing of your personal data, where applicable;
Lodge a complaint with your national supervisory authority (in the EEA) if you believe that your privacy rights have been breached
You may be required to prove through a certain procedure that the request emanates from the data subject (i.e. contact us from within the app itself and confirm a code that we would send to the registered email address). This is so that we do not disclose personal data to those that are not entitled to it.
If your personal data is erased at your request or in accordance with our data retention policy, We only retain such information that is necessary to protect our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation.
Please note, all requests should be emailed to Us at
support@pokernight.com
or sent to us by post. Due to the sheer volume of messages, in-App customer support messages cannot be regarded as an effective method of notice to Us.
Sharing of Information
We may share personal information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With other companies with which we partner for their direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident, please see “Your Choices” below for more information about this sharing.
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
In connection with, or during the negotiation of, any merger, sale of company stock or assets, financing, acquisition, divestiture, or dissolution of all or a portion of our business;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is required by, or is in accordance with, any applicable law, regulation or legal process;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of RSP or others; and
With your consent or at your directionincluding if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Social Sharing Features
The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Twitter “Tweet” button), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
If you use the message boards, chat rooms, comment tools, or other public forums of the Services, you will be publicly identified by the user name, nickname, or other User Content (as defined in our
Terms of Service
) you submit. Additionally, we may also identify you by your user name, nickname, or other User Content you submit on leader boards, “hot player” boards, and other public-facing features of those Services. All information you provide on these public forums will be viewable by the general public. We cannot be responsible for any personal or sensitive information you choose to post on public forums and we recommend careful consideration before you post such information. You agree that you will not disclose personal or sensitive information relating to any other person in a public forum of the Services without that person’s prior, express consent.
By participating in any promotion or contest that we offer, and by accepting any prize or other reward, except where prohibited by law, you grant us and our designees permission to use your name, screen name/username, photograph, likeness, voice, biographical information, statements, and location (city and state only) for advertising and/or publicity purposes worldwide and in all forms of media now known or hereafter developed, in perpetuity, without further compensation.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by RSP and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and better understand your online activity. For more information about Internet-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit:
www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
and
www.aboutads.info/choices
.
Security
RSP takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Your Choices
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails or text messages from RSP by following the instructions in those emails or text messages. If you opt out, we may still send you transactional or relationship messages, such as emails or text messages about our ongoing business relations.
Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us at support@pokernight.com. However, please note that under the law, Services such as ours that permit California residents to opt in to, or opt out of, this type of sharing are not required to provide such information upon receiving a request, but rather may respond by notifying the user of his or her right to prevent the disclosure. To opt out of having information about you shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes, please send your opt-out request to support@pokernight.com
Push Notifications
With your consent, we may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game-related information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages. You can deactivate these notifications by changing your notification settings on your device.
Cookies; Web Beacons
Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature that signals to websites that you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. Please note that we do not interpret or respond to “Do Not Track” signals. However, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject cookies and web beacons. Please note that our Services may not function properly if you do so.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@pokernight.com.