Privacy Policy
we make sure your 🔒privacy is our priority, then we do anything else after.
Oct. 1st 2018
Hello, welcome to PINX. PINX (“we”, “us” and “our”) is committed to protecting your privacy. We take privacy seriously and this policy is designed to share what information we collect and how we use it. We may change or update the Privacy Policy at any time as we add new or updated features, or as the law changes. Unless another date is given, the changes are effective upon posting. Thus, you should review the Privacy Policy frequently on our website. If you don’t agree with this Privacy Policy, you should not use the app and services. If you have any questions please contact us at
support@pinx.studio
WE DO NOT COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH ALL OF OUR APPLICATIONS THEMSELVES. WE NEVER ASK FOR PERSONAL OR PRIVATE INFORMATION LIKE EMAIL ADDRESSES, OR CREDIT CARD NUMBERS. WE DO NOT USE COOKIES FOR TRACKING PURPOSES.
TrueDepth Front-facing Camera Usage
Inner Garden uses TrueDepth front-facing camera on supported iOS devices to track the position of user's face and expressions, eg. eye movement, mouth openness. Inner Garden then uses these information to determine user’s focus of attention and calculate user’s focus level. The camera data is used and disposed in real-time anonymously for app to function only. It will NOT be stored on device or distributed to any third parties.
Non-TrueDepth Front-facing Camera Usage
Inner Garden uses front-facing camera on iOS devices to recognize and track the position of user's face. Inner Garden then uses these information to calculate user’s attention level. The camera data is used and disposed in real-time anonymously for app to function only. It will NOT be stored on device or distributed to any third parties.
Microphone Usage
Inner Garden uses built-in microphone on iOS devices to detect ambient sound volume. Inner Garden then uses these information to calculate user’s attention level. The microphone data will NOT be recorded, stored, or distributed to any third parties.
Freeland uses built-in microphone on iOS devices to detect ambient sound volume. Freeland then uses these information to simulate the action of blowing away objects like flowers and foliages. The microphone data will NOT be recorded, stored, or distributed to any third parties.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
support@pinx.studio