Moneyback Program Privacy Policy Statement
Our Privacy Principles
We are members of the AS Watson group of companies (“
ASW Group
”), which is part of the multinational conglomerate CK Hutchison Holdings Limited group of companies (“
CK Hutchison Group
”).  We take your privacy seriously.  Here are our five privacy promises to you:
1. We will ALWAYS ensure that your personal data is used in line with applicable data protection laws.
2. We will ALWAYS be transparent with you about how we use your personal data.  This includes informing you about what information we collect, what we do with it, with whom we share it and who you should contact if you have any concerns.
3. We will ALWAYS provide you with simple options to say “STOP” when you no longer wish to receive our marketing communications.
4. We will ALWAYS take all reasonable steps to protect your personal data and make sure no unauthorised person accesses it.
5.We will ALWAYS respond to any questions on the processing of your personal data without undue delay.
Privacy Policy Statement
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy and ensuring that your Personal Data is protected.  This Privacy Policy Statement explains the types of Personal Data we collect and how we process and protect that data.
We shall keep your Personal Data confidential and shall ensure that our policies and practices with respect to the collection, use, retention, disclosure, transfer, security and access of your Personal Data comply with the laws of Hong Kong.  If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please contact us using the details set out in Section 11.
Personal Information Collection Statement (“PICS”)
This PICS is issued pursuant to the PDPO in relation to the operation of the MoneyBack Program and related retail business by AS Watson MoneyBack (HK) Limited (“
MBHK
”) on behalf of itself and the MoneyBack Companies (together referred to as “
we
” or “
us
”).
1. About MoneyBack
The MoneyBack Program (“
Program
”) is a customer loyalty program operated by AS Watson Group since Jan 2007.
Each MoneyBack Company has the right to collect, hold, process and/or use, the Personal Data in the Database in each case for the purposes as set out in, and in accordance with, this PICS.  If you are unable or unwilling to provide us with complete and correct Personal Data, we may not be able to provide or continue to provide the services or benefits under the Program to you.
2. Are you over 18?
Our Program’s membership is limited to individuals over 18 and above.  If you are under 18, we will not knowingly collect your Personal Data unless parental or guardian consent is given to us. To provide parental or guardian consent, please contact us using the details set out in Section 11.
3. Definitions
Under this PICS, unless the context otherwise requires, the following words and expressions shall have the following meanings:
3.1. “Database” means the database of Member’s Personal Data.
3.2. “Effective Date” means 07 October 2024.
3.3. “Member” means a member of the Program.
3.4. “MoneyBack App” means the mobile application of the Program.
3.5. “MoneyBack Member” means the virtual membership card under the MoneyBack App issued to you to enjoy your benefits under the Program upon your successful registration.
3.6. “MoneyBack Customer Hotline” the hotline number(s) is available on the Program’s Website or MoneyBack App.
3.7. “Our Affiliates” means companies within CK Hutchison Group, which operate Retail Goods or Services business.
3.8. “Our Partners” means other merchants of Retail Goods or Services, who join the Program offering rewards, discounts and targeted offers to our Members.
3.9. “Our Stores” include PARKnSHOP, FUSION, TASTE, INTERNATIONAL, Food Le Parc, Gourmet, GREAT, TASTE x Fresh, EXPRESS, PARKnSHOP Frozen Food Store, Watsons Wine, Watsons and Fortress and other store formats AS Watson Group may operate from time to time (whether online or offline).
3.10. “Our Sites” means the MoneyBack App, Program Website and the websites and / or app’s of Our Stores.
3.11. “Our Subsidiaries” means all the retail and manufacturing divisions of AS Watson Group offering Retail Goods or Services to consumers.
3.12. “MoneyBack Company” means each of the following:
·       AS Watson MoneyBack (HK) Limited
·       AS Watson Group (HK) Limited
·       AS Watson Retail (HK) Limited
·       PARKnSHOP (HK) Limited
·       Watson’s (HK) Limited
·       Fortress Retail (HK) Limited
·       Watson’s Wine (HK) Limited
·       Watson’s Water (HK) Limited
·       Watsons Medical Service Limited (collectively “MoneyBack Companies”)
3.13. “PDPO” means the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap.486).
3.14. “Personal Data” has the meaning ascribed to it under the PDPO.
3.15. “Program Website” means
www.moneyback.com.hk
.
3.16. “Retail Goods or Services” means sales of goods or provision of services in relation to any of the following (whether through physical or online channels): food, water & beverages, restaurants, catering, groceries, household products, general merchandise, health & beauty, lifestyle, pharmaceuticals, fragrance & cosmetics, baby products, wine and liquor, cigarettes and cigars, stationery, books and paper products, confectionary, toys, clothing, shoes, textiles, fashion accessories, bags & luggage, jewellery, watches, furniture, plants and accessories, office supplies, sports & leisure equipment, phones & mobile devices, electronics & electrical appliances, computer software and games, music, pet products, fuel, motor vehicle services and educational products and services.
4. What Personal Data we collect
It may be necessary for you to provide us with certain personal data in order for you to become a Member and to receive the benefits of the Program.  We will let you know at the time of collection when such data is essential for this purpose.  All other personal data is up to you to provide or not, as you prefer.  We may collect the following categories of personal data from you:
(a)    Information about you
Some of the personal data that we may collect about you includes: your name, profile picture, email address, home address, gender, month and year of birth and your telephone number.
(
b)    Payment methods
Payment methods that you use when you make your purchase at Our Stores or Our Sites.
(c)     Your interests, preferences and opinions
Your shopping preferences, hobbies and opinions, including types of products and / or services you have purchased, and any feedback provided.
Your transaction history when you purchase anything from us and Our Partners and your use of your membership to earn or redeem benefits or points (including product or services purchased and the date of purchase).
(d)    Your MoneyBack membership and use of the program
Information provided in your application to join the Program, your username, membership number, password, the earning, and usage of MoneyBack points, the points balance, account balance information about benefit you redeem and activities relating to your account.
(e)    Your participation in lucky draws and / or surveys
Information provided when participating in lucky draws or surveys.
(f)     Our interactions with you
Interactions with our customer service and / or store staff through in-person interactions, phone calls, SMS correspondence and email correspondence.
(g)    Your website and app usage
Details of your use of Our Sites, as collected through Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies (see Section 12 for further details on Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies).
5. How do we use your Personal Data
The personal data we collect about you may be used for the following purposes:
(a)  To administer your account
To process your application for membership to the Program, and to help administer and maintain your account, including:
·       creating and updating your account;
·       verifying your identity;
·       creating a single profile about you, including combining your information with any other personal data already held by us, Our Affiliates, Our Subsidiaries and/or Our Partners
·       processing MoneyBack points issue and redemption;
·       completing transactions, including facilitating payments;
·       sending you updates about new features and benefits relating to the Program; and
·       enabling features that allow you to personalize your account on Our Sites, such as bookmarking your favourite Partners.
(b)  To provide you with services under the Program
To provide you with Retail Goods or Services which you have requested, including processing your order for purchases at Our Stores or on Our Sites, as well as the award and redemption of MoneyBack points.
(c)   For marketing purposes
To provide you with tailored marketing and promotional products and services offered by the Program.  For further details see Section 7 on marketing.
(d)  To administer lucky draws and surveys
To carry out lucky draws, games or competitions which you have entered in, to determine the winner and award the prize, including disclosing the winners of such lucky draws, games or competitions.
(e)  To improve and to optimise our products and services
To design new products and services and / or understand and to improve existing products and services provided by us, Our Affiliates, Our Subsidiaries and / or Our Partners to enhance service and products, develop new features and benefits and to facilitate a better customer experience by understanding your buying behaviour through aggregated behaviourial analysis, analytic tools, research, surveys and feedback terms.
(f)   Personalisation
To create personalised marketing communications and promotional materials communications tailored to your interests and preferences, and to provide you with the best possible customer experience in relation to Our Sites and your membership.  We may also use data analytics tools to determine whether our or any of Our Affiliates and / or Our Subsidiaries members’ offers, advertisements and promotions are effective and to determine whether you may be interested in new Retail Goods or Services, or to customize the content and types of offers, products, services and rewards that we present to you.
(g)  To provide customer service
For customer service purposes, such as facilitating any enquiries, on topics such as delivery status and stock availability, as well as assisting you with any queries, complaints and / or refund requests.
(h)  To comply with our legal obligations
For legal and compliance purposes and for the exercise our legal rights and the legal rights of others.  We may need to conduct age verification checks, monitor for suspicious transactions, prevent fraud and verify payment details.
(i)  To allow you to personalise your own account on our Sites
To allow you to personalise your own account on our Sites by voluntarily providing a profile photo to your own account.
6. Who do we share your Personal Data with?
(a)  Our Partners
Provided that we have obtained your prior consent or indication of no objection, your Personal Data may be shared by us with Our Partners including (a) Friends of MoneyBack as listed on our Program Website with whom we partner to provide additional benefits, rewards and discounts; and (b) other third party merchants with whom we may cooperate, to offer you Retail Goods or Services and to facilitate the earning and redemption of loyalty points and related transactions for the purposes as set out in Section 5 above. Provided that we have obtained your prior consent or indication or no objection, your Personal Data may also be shared by us with Our Partners when we engage in matching with our Members and Our Partners’ customers to undertake data analytics of common customers who may have shown an interest in receiving any tailored offers for products or services offered by us and Our Partners.
(b)  Other companies in the CKHH Group
Your Personal Data may be disclosed to other members of CK Hutchison Group which offer Retail Goods or Services for any of the purposes set out in Section 5 (including for any such Group Company to engage in direct marketing-related activities in the manner as set out in Section 7 above for or on our behalf, provided that you have provided prior consent or indication of no objection).
(c)  Service Providers
We may disclose your Personal Data to our service providers under a duty of confidentiality to us who provide administrative, data processing, payment services, research and marketing, distribution, telecommunications, professional or other similar services to us.  More specifically, we disclose personal data to:
·       to data analytical firms, such as Google Analytics Inc. (only to the extent that such Personal Data is not already aggregated or anonymised) where your Personal Data was collected by cookies or similar tracking technologies across Our Sites and third party’s sites for such third party’s benefit;
·       to social media platforms such as Facebook or Google, when we engage in audience building or customer matching activities of our Members with social media platforms including Facebook members or Google customer segmentation to undertake data mapping of common customers in accordance with the requirements of the PDPO, provided that we have obtained your prior consent or indication of no objection.
(d)  Professional Advisers and Assignees
We may share your Personal Data with our professional advisors, including lawyers, accounts, financial advisors, and insurers. We may also disclose your Personal Data to any of our actual or proposed assignees, transferees or successors in title of our rights in connection with a re-structuring of the Program, and/or merger (to our Affiliate, Subsidiary or third party), sale, or transfer of assets or shares, in whole or in part, to use, hold, process or retain such Personal Data for the purposes mentioned in Section 5.  Each MoneyBack Company shall continue to have the right to use your Personal Data for its own purposes as set out in Section 5 (whether as part of the Program or not).
(e)  Regulatory Bodies and Law Enforcement
We may disclose your Personal Data to courts, law enforcement, regulatory or other governmental agencies if we are required to do so by law, or by a warrant, subpoena or court order.
7. Use of your Personal Data for Marketing
With your consent or indication of no objection, we will use your Personal Data for direct marketing to you (whether by post, email, phone, SMS, or other media whether now known or available in the future) in relation to offers and promotions from:
(a) us, Our Affiliates, Our Subsidiaries and/or Our Partners;
(b) other companies within the CK Hutchison Group in relation to telecommunications goods and/or services, e-commerce services (including trading platforms and online auctions), payment services, financial, investment and insurance products and services, hotel and tourism services and real property and related services;
(c) third party merchants that we cooperate with to provide benefits to Members in relation to the following types of products or services:
·       Retail Goods or Services;
·       financial, investment, insurance, banking and credit cards;
·       transportation, travel and accommodation;
·       sports, leisure, recreation and entertainment;
·       telecommunications products and services;
·       e-commerce (including trading and payment platforms and online auctions).
8.  To which countries or regions do we transfer your personal data?
As a global organization, many of our trusted third parties, Partners, Affiliates, Subsidiaries are based across several countries or regions, such as the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), Singapore and Hong Kong.  Where we need to transfer your Personal Data abroad, we ensure that there are adequate data protection safeguards in place to safeguard your personal data and protect your rights.
9.  Protecting your Personal Data
We maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the Personal Data you provide to us against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, authorized disclosure of, or access to your Personal Data. Our Sites may contain hyperlinks to other websites provided by third parties. We do not control these third party websites or any of the content contained on those websites. Once you have left our Sites, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide.  You should exercise caution and familiarize yourself the privacy statement for the website(s) you visit.
10. How long do we process your Personal Data for?
We will only store your Personal Data until the purposes for which we have collected or received your Personal Data are fulfilled.  We will delete your Personal Data once the purposes for collection have been fulfilled and/or in accordance with our statutory obligations.
11. Your rights in relation to your Personal Data
You have the right to:
(a) check whether we hold any of your Personal Data;
(b) access your Personal Data held by us;
(c) require us to correct any Personal Data which is inaccurate;
(d) ascertain our policies and practices (from time to time) in relation to Personal Data and the type of Personal Data held by us;
(e) opt out from receiving direct marketing materials from us at any time. Any request in relation to the above shall be in writing (sent by web form, post or email) and addressed to:
Web Form Portal
MoneyBack Customer Service Department
9/F., Watson House, 1-5 Wo Liu Hang Road,
Fo Tan, Shatin, New Territories, Hong Kong
Email address:
moneyback@aswatson.com
For enquiries, please contact the MoneyBack Customer Hotline, which can be found on the the Program’s Website or MoneyBack’s App.
In accordance with the PDPO, we have the right to charge you a reasonable fee for the processing of any Personal Data access request.
12. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies to collect data about you when you visit the Our Website(s), mobile application(s) and our other related websites.  Cookies are files that store information on your computer hard drive or browser that mean that we can recognise that you have visited Our Sites before.  We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on Our Sites, by evaluating the use of our Sites and reviewing your browsing and shopping habits, personalizing your website experience, evaluating website activity on Our Sites and generally making Our Sites easier to use.
The types of data we may collect from you when you visit the Sites include:
·       information about the type of browser you use;
·       details of the web pages you have viewed;
·       your IP address;
·       the hyperlinks you have clicked; and
·       the websites you visited before arriving at Our Site.
You may refuse to accept Cookies (by modifying the relevant Internet options or browsing preferences of your computer system), but to do so you may not be able to utilize or activate all of the functions and services of Our Sites.
13. About using Our Sites
When you choose to use access or download Our Sites or allow connectivity via Wi-Fi connections to your device, we receive information about your location and mobile device, including a unique identifier for your personalized device, your GPS data or wireless networks data (WLAN).  Location data is neither stored nor transmitted to third parties.  If you agree with the personalized function and/or enable the notifications function on your device mobile, we can provide you with location-based services including advertising, search results, push notifications and personalized content.  When you are near one of Our Stores, then we can use push email communications or notifications (such as recommended promotion and recommended products) to you based on your geo-location data services and/or immediately previous on-line activities if you have provided your consent to receive such communications and advertising.
Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services and push notifications on your device. Should you wish to do so, please access your own device and change the settings for notification on your device to reflect your own preference to be notified (or not).
14. Miscellaneous
Nothing in this Privacy Policy Statement shall limit your rights under the PDPO.
If there is any inconsistency or conflict between the English and Chinese versions of this Privacy Policy Statement, the English version shall prevail.
This Privacy Policy Statement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
We may change this Privacy Policy Statement from time to time by posting an updated version on the Program’s Website and the MoneyBack App.
This PICS was last updated on the Effective Date.