Privacy and Cookie Policy
Introduction:
Parts Town UK and its affiliated companies are committed to data security and the fair and transparent processing of personal data. This privacy policy sets out how we will treat the personal data which you provide to us in compliance with applicable data protection law, in particular the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), UK Data Protection Act (2018), Data Protection Act 1998 & Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations (PECR).
Please read this policy carefully as it sets out how we:
Use cookies and similar technologies
Use any personal data which you provide to us or which we collect from you.
If you have any questions about this policy, don't agree with it or other, please contact our Privacy Officer
gdpr@partstown.co.uk
Use of cookies:
Cookie Consent management And Traffic Data
Parts Town UK uses a consent management solution to control first and third-party data processing services on our website, and their ability to set cookies and deploy similar technologies such as tags, pixels or beacons.
Most websites you visit will use cookies to help customise your experience. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit which collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. They are also widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently. Additionally, they are used to provide information to Parts Town UK and its subsidiary companies to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
Below are the types of cookies which may be set by data processing services in each of our defined consent groupings:
Essential Cookies
The cookies set in this consent group are used to provide the core functionalities of our services and provide the best user experience possible when browsing our website, using accounts, and purchasing products. You will not be able to consent to the cookies in this group, as these are always set in order to make the website work. Any personal data processed by essential cookies is based upon our legitimate interest to provide you with a fully functional website.
Functional Cookies
The cookies which are set by this consent group are used to add additional functionalities to enhance experience, such as adding live chat, cosmetic changes like changing fonts and allowing us to collect feedback on your experience. But are not required to provide the core services.
We also sometimes embed video content and photos from websites such as YouTube. Pages with this embedded content may present cookies from these websites. Similarly, when you use one of the share buttons on our website, a cookie may be set by the service you have chosen to share content through. You should check the relevant third-party website for more information about these cookies. If you do not consent to the functional cookies, the third-party content you are trying to access will not work.
Analytical Cookies
The cookies set in this consent group are used by us to add analytical tracking solutions to recognise and count user visits and their interactions when on our website. This includes tagging solutions used to communicate with advertising and promotional platforms. This helps us to provide the best and most optimised experience to improve how our website works along with identifying and fixing issues affecting the user’s ability to find spare parts easily.
Marketing & Advertising cookies
The cookies set by this consent group are used by us to communicate relevant information to advertisers to serve ads or provide personalised marketing communications based on your interests. Including social medias, search engine solutions and email providers.
How To Manage Cookies
Parts Town UK uses a consent management system if you wish to restrict or block cookies or similar technologies from any of the above groups. Please set your preferences on entry or use the fingerprint icon displayed in the bottom left of your screen to adjust your preferences whenever needed.
We may add additional services to enhance our website performance from time to time. Please be aware you will always be prompted to reconfirm your preferences whenever needed to reflect the update.
Please bear in mind that if you do so, certain personalised features of this website cannot be provided to you.
Other processing of personal data:
Irrespective of your capacity under this privacy notice, we will always process your personal data for the following purposes:
To be able to prepare and undertake corporate transactions such as mergers, acquisitions or demergers, for which we rely on our legitimate interest to engage in such transactions;
To comply with legal obligations,;
To comply with any reasonable request from relevant law enforcement officials or representatives, judicial authorities, government agencies or governmental bodies, including relevant data protection authorities, for which we rely on our legal obligations;
To transfer your personal data at REPA's initiative to the police or judicial authorities as evidence or in the event of reasonable suspicion of an illegal act or offence on your part when you register or use the Website, our social media pages or any other means of communication with us, for which we rely on our legitimate interest to be able to defend our interests.
For each of these purposes, we will process your personal data as long as required to fulfil that purpose.
1) We Will Collect Information From You If You:
Register to use our website; this will include your name, address, email address and telephone number. Such personal data processing is necessary for our legitimate interests to offer a website which allows users to be identified. We may ask you to provide additional information about your business and preferences on a voluntary basis, which we will process on the basis of our legitimate interest to engage in normal relationship management. These personal data will be retained for as long as you are registered on our website;
Place an order for products or services, this will include your name (including business name), address, contact details (including telephone number and email address) and your payment details. Such personal data processing is necessary to perform our contract with you. If you represent a company, we rely on our legitimate interest to perform our agreement with your employer or client. We will also process your personal data for normal customer relationship management and for internal reporting activities on the basis of our legitimate interest to engage in such activities. Such personal data will be retained for the duration of our agreement with you and until 6 years thereafter;
Create an account with us or provide your contact details when registering to use or accessing any product or service we provide. Such personal data processing is necessary to perform our contract with you. If you represent a company, we rely on our legitimate interest to perform our agreement with your employer or client. We will also use these personal data to ensure the security and safety of our services for which we rely on our legitimate interest to keep our services safe. Such personal data will be retained for as long as you have an account with us;
Corresponding with us by phone, e-mail, or in writing. (Calls may be monitored or recorded for training, quality assurance and other business purposes) for which we base ourselves on our legitimate interests to process your personal data to be able to engage in normal business communications and communicate about our products, services and activities, to understand how our communication channels are used and to evolve as a business. These personal data will be retained for as long as we have a commercial relationship with you and with a minimum of six months;
Completing a survey or online forms, write posts on our message board, send us a review, post any blogs, enter any competition or prize draw for which we rely on our legitimate interest to allow users to voluntarily join in such initiatives. Such personal data will be retained for five years after they have been collected;
Use our LiveChat service via our website, this will include your name, email address, telephone number and internet protocol (IP) address for which we rely on our legitimate interest to offer such a LiveChat service. Such personal data will be retained for 2 years;
Visit to our site via CCTV and entry sign systems for health & safety and security purposes for which we rely on our legitimate interest to keep our staff, visitors, premises and other assets safe and secure. Such personal data will be retained for 6 months;
Sign up to receive our communications for which we rely on your freely given consent which you can withdraw at any time. Such personal data will be retained until such time where you withdraw your consent; and
Offer or sell to us products or services, this will include your name (including business name), address, contact details (including telephone number and email address) and your payment details. Such personal data processing is necessary to perform our contract with you. If you represent a company, we rely on our legitimate interest to perform our agreement with your employer or client. Such personal data will be retained for as long as we have a commercial relationship with you and until six years thereafter.
If You Visit Our Website, We May Automatically Collect The Following Additional Information:
Technical information, including the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform. This information is collected to offer you the website as well as for reporting and security purposes, for which we rely on our legitimate interest to provide a safe website. Such personal data will be retained for 12 months;
Information about your visit to our website such as the products and/or services you searched for and view, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain
pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. We collect this information to obtain insights in how our website is used for which we rely on our legitimate interest to provide a website which provides the best user experience for our visitors. Such personal data will be retained for 365 days.
2) Other reasons for which we will use your information:
We may use your personal data for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve our services, website and customer communications for which we rely on our legitimate interests to improve our products, services and business as a whole. Any retention periods for this purpose are subject to those which are listed for the purposes above.
3) Marketing
From time to time, we may use your information to contact you with details about our products and services which we feel may be of interest to you. This will include exclusive trade offers, service updates and industry-related news. We will not “spam” you or share your details with any third-parties which are not mentioned herein or which have not been mentioned explicitly when asking for your consent. For existing customers we rely on our legitimate interests to send you our digital marketing materials. Such personal data will be retained for as long as you are a customer or until you opt out from our marketing communications. In all other circumstances we will ask for your consent which you can withdraw at all times and your personal data will be retained for as long as you do not withdraw your consent.
4) Your Information and rights
If we hold any information about you which is incorrect or if there are any changes to your details please let us know so that we can keep our records accurate and up to date. If you would like to update your records, please contact us at
gdpr@partstown.co.uk
You have a
right of access, a right to rectification, a right to erasure, a right to restriction of the processing, a right to data portability, a right to object, a right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing and your right to withdraw your previously given consent with regard to the personal data we process about you. For more information about these rights or to exercise them, please contact us at
gdpr@partstown.co.uk
.
6) Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We may change our privacy policy from time to time. We will always update the privacy policy on our website, so please try to read it when you visit the website.
7) Transfers Outside UK & Europe
Personal data in the UK & European Union is protected by data protection laws but other countries do not necessarily protect your personal data in the same way. We confirm that our customer’s personal data held on systems at Parts Town UK is hosted within the UK. Where we have used third party sites for our marketing activities, we will seek assurance that the data is protected by privacy notices in compliance with UK data protection requirements for example: The Extension of EU-U.S. Privacy Shield 2.0 Framework. We will also share your personal data with other entities of the Parts Town family, some of which are outside the UK and Europe. In such event we will rely on the Standard Contractual Clauses as prepared by the European Commission or the UK government, as applicable.
8) Security And Storage Of Data
Parts Town UK handles sensitive customer data including cardholder information daily. Sensitive Information must have adequate safeguards in place to protect them, to protect cardholder privacy, to ensure compliance with various regulations and to safeguard Parts Town UK. We commit to respecting the privacy of all its customers and to protecting any data about customers from outside parties. Data Controllers have been assigned in each department to oversee how data is processed, handled and stored and all employees will ensure they:
Handle customer information in a manner that fits with the sensitivity of the data;
Do not disclose personal data unless security questions & account verification is completed;
Action immediately any requests for data to be removed from our systems unless systems are unavailable in which case as soon system functionality is restored;
Keep Information no longer than required, including emails which will be evaluated on a 6-month basis and removed as applicable;
Protect the sensitivity of cardholder information by never physically writing down or electronically storing any cardholder information;
Report any data breach to the Data Controller so that the severity of the breach can be determined.
Follow guidelines of Parts Town UK – Information Security Policy and User Password Policy to protect and secure the Parts Town UK network.
9) Firewalls / Network Security
Firewalls will be implemented at each internet connection and no direct connections from internet to the data environment will be permitted. All traffic must traverse through the Parts Town UK firewall. Firewall rules will be reviewed on a six months basis to ensure validity;
All machines will be configured to run the latest anti-virus software as approved by the Company and automatic updates will be set up and periodic scans;
Staff will take responsibility to be vigilant for new threats which automated scanning tools may not detect and staff will have periodic awareness training to detect malicious and what action to take if their computer is infected;
Additional cyber security measures are in place, through multi-factor authentication where possible;
Staff will also follow the Parts Town UK User Password Policy to ensure they have front line protection to secure the Parts Town UK network.
10) Other Sites
If you follow a link from our website, product or service to another site or service, this policy will no longer apply. We are not responsible for the information handling practices of third-party sites or services and we encourage you to read the privacy policies appearing on those sites or services.
11) Complaints
Where you take the view that your personal data is processed in a way that does not comply with the GDPR, you have a specific right to lodge a complaint. Please contact the Parts Town UK  privacy office: gdpr@partstown.co.uk
If we are unable to resolve your concern, you may lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority. The supervisory authority will then inform you of the progress and outcome of your complaint. The supervisory authority within the UK is the: Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
-