A brighter workplace is yours to create
Experience UKG Bryte AI
Reference Image
Discover AI powered by decades of people, work, and workplace culture data that’s designed to help every organization become a great place to work.A brighter workplace is yours to create
Experience UKG Bryte AI
Reference Image
Discover AI powered by decades of people, work, and workplace culture data that’s designed to help every organization become a great place to work.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.ukg.com/about-us/esg/privacy-and-data-protection:
We and our partners store and access non-sensitive information from your device, like cookies or a unique device identifier, and process personal data like IP addresses, for data processing like, measuring preferences of our visitors.
You can review our
privacy notice
and change your preferences at any time.
You can object to those data processing by clicking on “Learn More”.
With your agreement, we and
our 35 partners
use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website, IP addresses and cookie identifiers. Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data and rely on their legitimate business interest. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on “Learn More” or in our Privacy Policy on this website.
We and our partners process data for the following purposes
Cookie consent
, Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
, Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning
, Store and/or access information on a device
, UKG Cookies
Learn More →
Disagree and close
Agree and close
Skip to main content
OUR ESG PROGRAM
Privacy and Data Protection
We care deeply about our customers’ long-term success and building meaningful partnerships that evolve with their needs and priorities.
View Governance Section
Read Full Global Impact Report
Privacy and Data Protection
Transparency
Third Parties
Information We Collect
Our Commitments
Data Subject Rights
Cybersecurity
At UKG,
trust starts with transparency, and as
a
partner for life
to our customers, earning and maintaining trust is critically important.
Transparency as a Top Priority
Privacy and data security are top priorities for UKG and our customers. We are committed to providing direct, timely, and relevant information about our privacy, security, and compliance practices.
This includes information about:
The personal information that customers provide us, and that is required for us to execute our agreements, executed with our customers
The data we collect, both as a controller and as a processor
Special categories of data, such as
biometric data
The use of
artificial intelligence (AI)
Our use and retention of the personal information entrusted to us
Any
government requests for access to customers’ data
that we receive
Our geographic footprint as a
global company
with offices in multiple countries, serving customers across the world
Our cross-border transfers of personal information
Our robust security practices and ISO 27001,  ISO 27017,  and  ISO 27018
certifications
Our customers’ ability to make data-subject access requests
In accordance with our values, the UKG Privacy Program is designed to:
Comply with privacy laws and regulations applicable to our business
Share information about the data collected by our products
Maintain transparency and build trust with our customers
Align with first-class international standards security controls (SOC2/SOC 3, ISO 27001, 27017, 27018)
Educate UKG employees (U Krewers) to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations
Third Parties (Suppliers/Service Providers/Subprocessors)
We engage with third parties (suppliers and/or service providers) in order to deliver products or services, perform certain functions such as enhancing and/or delivering our product and service offerings, or complete a task that customers request.
We have contracts with
third party providers
(suppliers and/or service providers) to perform certain functions on our behalf, and only at our direction. Our third parties are bound by confidentiality agreements, have access to our customers' personal information only to the extent necessary to provide these contracted services and are permitted to process our customers' personal information only in accordance with our instructions (and for the purposes we disclose).
Subprocessors
UKG operates globally and, as such, may process personal data worldwide to provide customer support; in connection with UKG cloud operations activities (however, UKG database administrators generally do not have reason to access customer data); in connection with UKG subprocessors, a list of which is available below and their own subprocessors where applicable; and in connection with UKG professional services and/or implementation operations.
See the current
list of subprocessors.
Affiliates and Subsidiaries
Affiliates and Subsidiaries
We share our customers’ personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries in order to deliver a product or service or to complete a task that a customer requests in accordance with our list of
subprocessors
.
Third Party Commitment to Privacy Laws and Regulations
Third Party Commitment to Privacy Laws and Regulations
All UKG third parties are required to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. Those processing personal data must agree to the terms in
UKG Supplier Data Processing Addendum
and the
Supplier Standard Contractual Clauses
to the extent applicable.
Information We Collect
We market and sell our
products
* and
services
exclusively to businesses, not consumers. Our commitments regarding the personal information we collect, use, and disclose about the end-users of those products and services are largely driven by our contracts with our business customers. The information provided below is intended to help our business customers understand our privacy practices. End-users of our products or services are encouraged to contact their employer with questions about how their personal information is being collected, used, and disclosed.
*Except for UKG Employee Vault
Information We Collect as a Controller
Information We Collect As A Controller
UKG acts a data controller when people visit our website and in other instances as set forth in our Privacy Notice. To learn more about the personal information UKG collects as a Controller, view the
UKG Privacy Notice
.
UKG also acts as a data controller in connection with UKG Employee Vault. To learn more about the personal information UKG collects as a Controller with UKG Employee Vault, view the
UKG Employee Vault Privacy Notice
.
Information We Collect as a Processor
Information We Collect As A Processor
UKG customers are the controllers of the personal information that they collect, create, communicate, and store in our products*. UKG does not give anyone access to the personal information maintained in those products unless:
We are permitted to do so in our contract with the customer
The customer instructs UKG to do so
The customer consents (e.g., subprocessors used by UKG)
UKG is legally obligated to do so
UKG has a legitimate interest (as defined under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable laws) to do so
For more information about our data-processing practices, including where we store data for our products, how we secure that data, and our data-retention practices, request a copy of our Product Privacy Statements from
privacy@ukg.com
. To learn more about our obligations as a processor, see the
UKG Customers Data Processing Agreement
.
*Except for UKG Employee Vault
Responsible Use of Information We Collect
UKG’s Responsible Use as a Controller
When we act as a controller, we use personal information for several purposes, including communicating with individuals regarding our products and services, improving our website or those products and services, and for managing job applications for people interested in working at UKG. For more information, visit our
Privacy Notice
.
UKG’s Responsible Use as a Processor
When we act as a processor, the personal information we collect is used to deliver our products and services to customers. In many cases, the personal information we process about our customers’ employees and job applicants (i.e., end-users) is determined by our customers, who control what information they need in order to use our products and services efficiently and effectively. Any personal information we use is done in accordance with our
Customers’ Data Processing Agreement
and Product Privacy Statements.
Product Privacy Statements
Product Privacy Statements explain how we collect, use, disclose, or otherwise process the information of our customers’ employees and job applicants (each an end-user) on behalf of our business clients in connection with our products and services. Our Product Privacy Statements are not a substitute for any privacy notice that UKG customers are required to provide to end-users.
Product Privacy Statements are available upon request, please email
Privacy@ukg.com
.
Customer Responsible Use as a Controller
 Customer Responsible Use as a Controller As data controllers, our customers must undertake efforts to ensure that information is collected and processed in accordance with data-protection laws. Therefore, if our customers’ employees and job applicants have questions or concerns about the processing of their information as an end-user, they should contact the employer (our customer) directly or refer to its separate privacy policies.
Data Retention
Data Retention
UKG has a data retention policy and a decommissioning procedure that are designed to ensure customer data is disposed of appropriately and in accordance with our commitments to our customers. Our procedures are designed to ensure that the original, archive, backup, and ad hoc copies are properly deleted.
UKG will retain personal information only for the length of time necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which the information was collected or as required or permitted by applicable laws, including the resolution of disputes and in accordance with our customer contracts.
Third-Party Disclosure of Personal Information
Third-Party Disclosure of Personal Information
We do not sell personal information to third parties. Please review the
Third Parties (Suppliers/Service Providers/Subprocessors)
section above to learn more about how we might disclose personal information to third parties.
Additional Disclosures
Additional Disclosures
UKG might disclose your personal information if we in good faith believe that it is necessary:
To comply with the law or with a legal process.
For law enforcement purposes. UKG is committed to publishing data regarding requests or demands for customer data received from law enforcement and national security agencies. We publish this data twice per year (covering a reporting period of either January to June or July to December). These reports are published six months after the end of a given reporting period in compliance with restrictions on the timing of publishing those reports.
View the current UKG Transparency Report
.
To protect and defend our rights and property.
To protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website.
To protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that, if someone provides false information or attempts to pose as someone else, information about this person may be disclosed as part of any investigation into these actions).
In connection with, or during negotiations for, an acquisition, merger, asset sale, or other similar business transfer that involves all or substantially all of our assets or functions where personal information is transferred or shared as part of the business assets (provided that such party agrees to use or disclose personal information consistent with our Privacy Notice or gains consent for other uses or disclosures).
We will not cross-reference personal information with that of any other customer or entity. UKG does not support “back door” access to any of its products, services, or operations (including our data stores) by any government or third party. UKG does not share its encryption keys or provide the ability to break our encryption keys with any government or third party.
Our Commitments to Global Laws, Regulations, and Ethics
We commit to comply with all applicable laws and regulations including, but not limited to, the following outlined below.
UKG Commitments to General Data Protection Regulation
UKG Commitments to General Data Protection Regulation
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a comprehensive data-protection law that regulates the processing of personal data of European Union (EU) residents and provides individuals rights to empower individuals by giving them more control over their personal data. The GDPR enshrines major principles such as privacy by design, privacy by default, and implementation of strong technical and organizational measures designed to protect personal data.
The GDPR is not limited to the EU. It applies to all organizations that target, collect, or use the personal data of any EU resident and mandates organizations to:
Know what data they hold and have appropriate rights to use the data
Be accountable and able to answer questions about what type of data they hold, and, in some cases, delete data they no longer need
Notify supervisory authorities of data breaches
Use vendors that
comply
with the principles of the GDPR
Offer European Essential Guarantees by challenging
governments’ requests
to access personal data
UKG is committed to compliance with the GDPR and all applicable laws. We have enhanced processes to prepare to address the rights of people in the EU, we have generated written guidance to help our customers understand how our products collect and use personal data, and we are prepared to answer questions from our customers as well as our employees.
UKG Commitments to the Data Privacy Framework
The Data Privacy Framework (DPF) comes after years of collaboration and negotiation to reestablish a mechanism for transfers of EU personal data to the United States after the European Commission’s adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework was invalidated by the Court of Justice of the EU (CJEU) in 2020 due to concerns regarding U.S. signals intelligence. Visit the
Working Smarter Cafe
to learn about how UKG welcomes the Data Privacy Framework. To learn more about how UKG complies with the Data Privacy Framework, visit our
Data Privacy Framework Statement
and the
UKG Privacy Notice
.
UKG Commitments to the California Consumer Privacy Act
UKG Commitments to the California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides certain privacy-related rights to California residents.
Learn more about UKG privacy practices and compliance with the CCPA
.
UKG Commitments to Asian-Pacific Economic Cooperation
UKG Commitments to Asian-Pacific Economic Cooperation
UKG privacy practices comply with the Asian-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Cross-Border Privacy Rules System (CBPR). The APEC CBPR system provides a framework for organizations to ensure the protection of personal information transferred among participating APEC economies.
Learn more information about the APEC framework
.
International Transfers of Personal Information
Transfer Impact Assessment
Transfer Impact Assessment
In line with the European Court of Justice Decision ECLI:EU:C:2020:559 of 16 July 2020 (commonly known as Schrems II), UKG has conducted a comprehensive assessment of all transfers to countries lacking Essential European Guarantees. This Transfer Impact Assessment (TIA) ensures compliance with regulations and current case law. For detailed insights into UKG's adherence to the requirements of Article 46 of the GDPR, please refer to the
UKG Transfer Risk and Impact Statement
.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
Strict data protection laws govern the transfer of personal data from the EEA, United Kingdom, and Switzerland to countries deemed by the European Commission as not offering an equivalent standard of protection, including the United States.
To address this requirement for our customers with operations in the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, UKG has incorporated Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) and the UK international data transfer agreement (“UK IDTA“)” into our
Customer Data Protection Addendum (DPA)
and in our
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
, and has incorporated the SCCs adopted on June 4, 2021, and the UK IDTA adopted March 21st, 2022 into our current templates.
View full copies of our SCCs and UK IDTA for Suppliers and for Customers
.
Beginning September 27, 2021, UKG started using the
new SCCs
,  which were adopted on June 4, 2021, for all new agreements, order forms, and other customer and supplier transaction documents.
If your company entered into an agreement with UKG on or after September 27, 2021, or has already updated your existing agreements with the new SCCs, no action is required. The new SCCs have been incorporated into our
Customer DPA
and
Supplier DPA
and will apply to all UKG products and services agreements and to the provision of any products or services to UKG requiring the processing of EU data subjects.
If your company entered into an agreement with UKG prior to September 27, 2021, the new SCCs are incorporated by default into our Customer and Supplier DPAs and will apply to the provision of any products or services to UKG requiring the processing of EU data subjects and to all UKG products and services agreements. This is a regulatory requirement for all businesses that transfer personal data outside the European Economic Area.
If your company requires an amendment to include the new SCCs, please reach out to
privacy@ukg.com
.
Note that these changes to our
Customer
and
Supplier
Data Processing Addendums are only necessary if your company shares the personal data of EU data subjects with UKG, if UKG processes it on your company’s behalf, or if your company processes such data on UKG’s behalf. The SCCs creates a contractual mechanism to meet the adequacy requirement to allow for the transfer of personal data from the EEA to a third country.
Learn more about the SCCs
.
Data Subject Rights
If you have a question or requesting concerning your personal information held by UKG, including your personal information collected through your use of our products, please email
privacy@ukg.com
. More information on how we respond to data-subject requests is available in the
UKG Privacy Notice
.
Cybersecurity
We are our customers’ partner for life: we prioritize safety, accuracy, and reliability.
UKG has many dedicated policies, practices, and protocols to protect our IT infrastructure, networks, devices, and data from unauthorized access, collection, retention, and use of sensitive, confidential, and/or proprietary customer or user data, including personally identifiable information (PII). We are committed to continually improving our incident response, staff training, and additional mechanisms to ensure the security of customer and user data
Learn more
.
Certifications and Memberships
For information about SOC and ISO certifications, please refer to our
Cybersecurity
page.
TRUSTe
iapp Gold Member
TRUSTe APAC
Learn more about our ESG program
Have general questions about our ESG program at UKG? Feel free to reach out.
Contact us
Get the latest Global Impact Report from UKG
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps