Privacy Policy
Contents
A. Name, address, and contact information of the entity in charge
B. Contact information of the data protection officer
C. Processing of personal data
I. Use of the app and contact
II. Storage of the user profile
III. LootCoins and Diamonds
IV. Push notifications and newsletters
V. Purchase transactions in the online shop
VII. Data transmission to third party services
D. Rights of the data subject
E. Data security
Privacy policy
We are providing the following information to give you an overview of how we process your personal data in connection with the LootBoy app and your rights according to the Data Protection Act. We only process your data if you have given us your consent for data processing.
Item V lists the specific circumstances of the transmissions into third countries. We also provide information about the identity of the entity in charge, the purpose of the transmission, the type or categories of data, the right to revoke consent, the identity or categories of the recipients and the deletion deadlines.
This statement applies equally to the Android versions and the iOS version of the LootBoy app.
A. Name, address, and contact information of the entity in charge
The entity in charge within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations for the processing of personal data within the framework of this app is:
LootBoy GmbH
Kirchherrngasse 2
48143 Münster
Germany
Email:
dsb@lootboy.com
Website:
www.lootboy.com
B. Contact information of the data protection officer
We have assigned a data protection officer for our company:
Daubert IT-Consulting GmbH
Boris Daubert
Tel.: 02921 9439 505
dsb@lootboy.de
C. Processing of personal data
In the context of the following presentation, we use the following terms, among others:
Visitors
: Persons who access the app without registering (using the features and services of the portal is not possible).
Users
: Persons who have registered to use the app and use the portal within the framework of a user relationship based on the terms of use of the entity in charge.
I. Use of the app and contact
1. Visiting our app
1.1 Description of the data processing
When you access the app, your consent and acknowledgement of our data privacy notice are stored in a file in your local data on your device. No personal data is sent yet at that time.
During the registration and each time you log into the app, information is automatically sent to our servers via the API. The following information is collected in this process:
The visitor’s IP address
Date and time of access
Information about the used app version
The visitor’s operating system
Websites from which the visitor’s system reaches our Internet site
Amount of data transferred
Name of the accessed file or contents
Anonymized LootBoy user ID
Data about the user’s first and last login
This data is also stored in our system’s log files.
In strict compliance with the relevant data protection regulations, our carefully selected service providers involved in the hosting and maintenance of our systems will be the recipients of this data.
This is carried out on the basis of order processing agreements by which the service providers are contractually bound and by which we continue to be responsible for the data processing.
We give you an overview of all providers and services of 3. under V.
1.2. Purpose of the data processing
We process your personal data that are collected from you through the LootBoy app in order to offer you the following services: Purchase of new items/codes for the currently most popular games, images and comics, trade with gaming-related goods, and sales of merchandising articles.
1.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data if you have given us your consent to the data processing. This makes the processing lawful in accordance with Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
Additionally, we process your data to fulfill pre- and post-contractual obligations.
This makes the processing of personal data lawful in accordance with Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
1.4. Duration of the processing/data deletion
We process and store your personal data as long as this is necessary for the fulfilment of our contractual and legal obligations.
If the data is no longer required for the fulfilment of contractual or legal obligations or for the purpose for which it was processed, it will be regularly blocked or deleted, unless its - temporary - further processing is necessary to comply with legal obligations or legitimate interests. This includes in particular documentation and storage obligations, e.g. from:
German Commercial Code (HGB),
Fiscal Code (AO),
German Banking Act (KWG),
Money Laundering Act (GWG),
Basic Data Protection Regulation (GDPR),
Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG),
general civil law and civil procedure law,
substantive criminal law and criminal procedural law
1.5. Right to object
In accordance with Art. 21 GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your data in accordance with section 1.1 at any time for reasons resulting from your particular situation. We will then no longer process this data, unless there are verifiably compelling legitimate reasons for the processing that override your interests, rights, and freedoms, or if the processing is for the purpose of enforcing, pursuing, or defending legal claims.
To exercise a corresponding objection, the visitor can contact us in particular by e-mail at the email address
support@lootboy.com
.
In the event of a justified objection, the data will be deleted.
2. Concluding a season ticket contract
2.1. Description and scope of the data processing
By using the Android app, you can conclude the contract for a season ticket subscription.
With the season ticket, you will receive monthly bonuses, such as LootTickets and Diamonds, depending on the selected subscription. In the scope of the season ticket subscription process, the following data categories are processed:
LootBoy and the LootBoy app process the following data categories in connection with the Google Play Services:
Order number
Google Ad ID
Subscription period
2.2. Purpose of the data processing
The data is processed solely to process the conclusion of the contract for season tickets.
2.3. Legal basis for the data processing
We only process your data if you have given us your consent to do so.
This makes the processing of personal data lawful in accordance with Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
2.4. Storage period
We process and store your personal data as long as this is required to fulfill our contractual and legal obligations. In this case, the legally stipulated period for the storage or documentation is ten years. Data beyond the fulfillment of the contract is deleted as soon as the purpose ceases to apply.
2.5. Right to object and right of cancellation
In accordance with Art. 21 GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your data in accordance with section 2.1 at any time for reasons resulting from your particular situation.
We will then no longer process this data, unless there are verifiably compelling legitimate reasons for the processing that override your interests, rights, and freedoms, or if the processing is for the purpose of enforcing, pursuing, or defending legal claims.
To exercise a corresponding objection, the visitor can contact us in particular by e-mail at the email address
support@lootboy.com
.
In the event of a justified objection, the data will be deleted.
II. Storage of the user profile
1. Registering for LootBoy
1.1. Description and scope of the processing
Registration – as a user – is required in order to use the services offered through the portal, particularly to acquire products in our shop.
To register, the user uses his account on one of the social media platforms named in the registration form (Facebook, Twitter, Google, Steam, Twitch.TV, Apple, Huawei) or a valid email address (processed by the service provider Sendgrid). The scope of the personal data processed by the respective methods can be found in point V. of the privacy policy.
We also collect confirmation that a user has accepted the terms of use and the data protection information. The user’s age must be determined during the profiling process.
In this context, we also refer to the data protection information of the third-party platform used by the user for the registration.
In strict compliance with the relevant data protection regulations, our carefully selected service providers involved in the hosting and maintenance of our systems will potentially be the recipients of this data. This is carried out on the basis of order processing agreements by which the service providers are contractually bound and by which we continue to be responsible for the data processing.
1.2. Purpose of the processing
The user’s age must be determined during the registration process, in order to comply with legal provisions.
The processing of the data collected during the registration serves for the conclusion and execution of the user agreement for the use of the portal or its services and functionalities.
1.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data if you have given us your consent to the data processing. This makes the processing lawful in accordance with Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
1.4. Duration of the processing
After the contract for using the services of the portal has been completely fulfilled, or the user’s profile has been deleted, the data will be deleted or the processing will be restricted to the extent necessary to comply with lawful tax and commercial storage obligations. The data will be deleted at the latest after the relevant statutory retention periods expire, unless the user has expressly consented to further use of the data.
2. User’s profile information
2.1. Description and scope of the processing
The above-mentioned data will be processed for the purpose of executing the contract or to execute the functions offered in the scope of the app. In particular, this data is also processed for the users’ own representation.
The following data are stored in your profile:
The visitor’s IP address
Date and time
The visitor’s operating system
Websites which the visitor’s system accesses through our website in the scope of the exploration quests
Amount of data transferred
Name of the accessed file or contents
Notification of successful access
Anonymized LootBoy user ID
Data about the user’s first and last login
Ad IDs from Google, iOS, or Huawei
In strict compliance with the relevant data protection regulations, our carefully selected service providers involved in the hosting and maintenance of our systems will potentially be the recipients of this data. This is carried out on the basis of order processing agreements by which the service providers are contractually bound and by which we continue to be responsible for the data processing.
After registering, users have the option of adding voluntary information from the information form to their user profiles. Aside from the username, which is visible to other users in the scope of individual functions, none of these data are publicly visible.
2.2. Purpose of the processing
The processing of the data collected in the scope of the user profile serves for the execution of the user agreement regarding the use of the app or its services and functionalities.
Additionally, the log file data serve to prevent misuse and ensure the security of our information technology systems.
2.3. Legal basis of the processing
The legal basis for the data processing is Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
2.4. Duration of the processing
After the contract for using the services of the app has been completely fulfilled, or the user’s profile has been deleted, the data will be deleted or the processing will be restricted to the extent necessary to comply with lawful tax and commercial storage obligations.
The data will be deleted at the latest after the relevant statutory retention periods expire, unless the user has expressly consented to further use of the data.
III. LootCoins and Diamonds
1. Description and scope of the processing
LootCoins
In the scope of the app, users have the possibility to receive and collect bonus points – the so-called LootCoins – for various actions. Users can then only redeem these LootCoins within the platform for coupon codes or other services.
The acquisition of LootCoins and the current account balance of a user’s LootCoins are stored and displayed to the user in the app (but not visible to anyone else).
In strict compliance with the relevant data protection regulations, our carefully selected service providers involved in the hosting and maintenance of our systems will potentially be the recipients of this data. This is carried out on the basis of order processing agreements by which the service providers are contractually bound and by which we continue to be responsible for the data processing.
Diamonds
Users have the possibility to acquire so-called Diamonds, which can be redeemed for rewards in the Diamond area of our platform.
The acquisition of Diamonds and the current account balance of a user’s Diamonds are stored and displayed to the user in the app (but not visible to anyone else).
Users can receive Diamonds through various means. This includes our own offers, such as the code redemption function of the platform and the exploration quests, for which users receive Diamonds as a reward for visiting external websites. At irregular intervals, we also offer so-called Diamond LootPacks. These contain LootCards with quests. For this purpose, users must complete tasks, such as reaching certain achievements in games or offers from our partners. For verification, users upload an image via our website, which we will review. The information displayed in this process is only stored for the internal review and not forwarded to third parties.
Additionally, offers from other service providers are integrated into the Diamonds area of our platform. We don’t store any of the data collected there. LootBoy only receives a confirmation of the successful completion of the tasks from the operators and then credits the reward to the user. Here we refer to the privacy policy of the respective providers.
In strict compliance with the relevant data protection regulations, our carefully selected service providers involved in the hosting and maintenance of our systems will potentially be the recipients of this data. This is carried out on the basis of order processing agreements by which the service providers are contractually bound and by which we continue to be responsible for the data processing.
2. Purpose of the processing
The purpose of the processing is to administer and document the account balance of each user’s LootCoins and Diamonds. The processing also serves to display the account balance to the individual user. This processing therefore serves to perform the functionalities provided on the portal within the scope of the user relationship and as utilized by the user.
3. Legal basis of the processing
The legal basis for processing the data is Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
4. Duration of the processing
After the contract for using the services of the app has been completely fulfilled, or the user’s profile has been deleted, the data will be deleted or the processing will be restricted to the extent necessary to comply with lawful tax and commercial storage obligations.
The data will be deleted at the latest after the relevant statutory retention periods expire, unless the user has expressly consented to further use of the data.
IV. Newsletters and push notifications
1. Description and scope of the processing
Newsletter
We also use the user's email address to inform him or her about our own similar goods or services or to send him or her corresponding offers.
The user has the option to object to this use of his or her email address at any time in accordance with Art. 21 (2).
Push-Notification
If the user has registered to use the LootBoy app, we will send him information and offers for our own similar goods and services as a push notification via the app. For users of the iOS operating system, consent is also obtained before push notifications are sent.
Here too, the user has the option to object to this advertising at any time in accordance with Art. 21 (2).
After a corresponding objection by the user, we will no longer use their email address or the push notification for these advertising purposes.
2. Purpose of the processing
The purpose of this processing is to contact users regarding our own similar products or services for advertising purposes. This also constitutes a legitimate interest of the entity in charge for the above-mentioned data processing.
3. Legal basis of the processing
We only process your data if you have given us your consent to do so.
If you use the Lotboy app with the iOS operating system, you can opt for push notification.
This means that the processing is lawful in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 a) GDPR.
If you use the Lotboy app with the Android operating system, you can only opt out of push notification.
This means that we process your data in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 f) GDPR.
4 Duration of processing
LootBoy and the LootBoy app do not store notifications. The storage of push notifications, which are processed with OneSignal (see section V.), is deleted after 30 days.
V. Purchase transactions in the online shop
1. Description and scope of the processing
Purchase of coupon codes and season ticket (subscription)
Users have the option to purchase coupon codes in the form of electronic coupons and a so-called season ticket (subscription) in the portal’s online shop. The coupon codes can then be redeemed for digital content from third-party providers, such as computer games and the like. The season ticket entitles users to acquire various services within the scope of the portal during the season ticket’s term.
If users want to purchase the corresponding coupon codes or the season ticket, they only have to select the product or season ticket, start the payment process, and choose their desired payment method. Users do not have to enter any other information in the scope of the portal of the entity in charge. After selecting the payment method, users are directly forwarded to the respective payment service provider. The users must enter the data relevant for the payment process there.
The entity in charge does not obtain any knowledge of this data. In this respect, the privacy policy of the respective payment service provider applies.
Only after completion of the payment process with the third-party service provider does the entity in charge receive contract data by email from the payment service provider in order to execute the contract (in particular the confirmation of payment). This includes, at most, the following data:
User’s name and address
Purchased product and price
Date and time of the transaction
Order number
Payment confirmation
The entity in charge stores this data for the purpose of the contract execution and documentation.
In strict compliance with the relevant data protection regulations, our carefully selected service providers involved in the hosting and maintenance of our systems will potentially be the recipients of this data. This is carried out on the basis of order processing agreements by which the service providers are contractually bound and by which we continue to be responsible for the data processing.
2. Purpose of the processing
The processing of the data described above is carried out for the purpose of executing the contract and for the purpose of implementing the contract.
3. Legal basis of the processing
The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
4. Duration of the processing
After the complete execution of the contract, your data will be restricted for further processing and deleted after expiration of the retention periods under tax and commercial law, unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data or we have reserved the right to use your data for other purposes that are permitted by law and about which we are informing you in this declaration.
VI. Data transmitted to third-party services
When you use the LootBoy app, the processing of your personal data as listed below also results in the transmission of this data to service providers and partners selected by us in third countries for further processing.
We hereby point out that these further processing operations in third countries are subject to particular risks, since there is no adequate level of protection for the processing of your PD in these countries (ECJ ruling v. 16.07.2020) and no suitable guarantees can currently be applied regarding the protection of this data.
Risks to the rights and freedoms of affected persons arising from these processing operations may include, among other things, that the processing for purposes other than those intended by us, unauthorized disclosure or misuse of data, as well as material and immaterial damages to the affected persons cannot be ruled out.
In connection with the use of our LootBoy app, we therefore request your consent to the processing of your personal data and, at the same time, point out that this consent is voluntary and can be revoked at any time in accordance with Art. 7 (3) GDPR.
1. Newsletter2Go
1.1. Description and scope of the processing
We use the newsletter software Newsletter2Go within the LootBoy app. For this purpose, your data is forwarded to Sendinblue GmbH (Köpenicker Straße 126, 10179 Berlin) for the order processing. Sendinblue GmbH is prohibited from selling your data or using it for purposes other than sending newsletters. Sendinblue GmbH is a German, certified provider that was selected according to the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation and the Federal Data Protection Act.
If you would like to subscribe to the offered newsletter, we process your email address and information that permit us to confirm that you are the owner of this email address and that you agree to receive the newsletter.
To ensure that the newsletters are sent with your consent, we use the so-called double opt-in process. In the course of this process, the potential recipient agrees to be included in a distribution list. Then the user will receive a confirmation email with the option of confirming the registration in a legally secure manner. The address is actively included in the distribution list only after this confirmation is received.
You can find more information here:
https://www.sendinblue.com/information-for-email-recipients/
1.2. Purpose of the processing
We use your email address exclusively to send the requested information and offers of LootBoy GmbH.
1.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data in connection with Newsletter2Go with your consent.
The legal basis for the processing is Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. Sendinblue GmbH offers guarantees of data protection compliance with the TÜV certificate: Tested data protection management.
As an independent third party, TÜV Rheinland has thus verified the correct implementation of the technical and organizational measures, among other things.
1.4. Duration of the processing
You can withdraw your consent to the storage of data, email address, and their use for sending the newsletter at any time, for example with the “unsubscribe” link in the newsletter.
After the complete execution of the contract with LootBoy, your data will be restricted or blocked for further processing and deleted after expiration of the retention periods under tax and commercial law (10 years according to the Tax Code Section 147), unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data or we have reserved the right to use your data for other purposes that are permitted by law and about which we are informing you in this declaration.
The data protection measures are always subject to technical updates; for this reason, we ask that you inform yourself about our data protection measures at regular intervals by consulting our privacy policy.
2. OneSignal
2.1. Description and scope of the processing
Within the LootBoy app, we use the OneSignal SDK from OneSignal (411 Borel Ave Suite 512, San Mateo, CA 94402, USA). The OneSignal SDK is released and administered by OneSignal. This integration makes it possible to link notification services from OneSignal with the LootBoy app. OneSignal can collect metadata about the system you use for order processing purposes. Among other things, this includes the operating system, the version of the operating system, and the time zone.
During use, the following data categories are processed:
Type or model of the end device and browser
Device ID, browser ID
IP address
Ad IDs from Google and Apple
Anonymized LootBoy user ID
2.2. Purpose of the processing
We use OneSignal to send you push notifications and keep you up to date with news by means of these notifications.
2.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data in connection with OneSignal with your consent.
The legal basis for the processing is Article 6 (1) (a) in conjunction with Article 49 (1) (a) GDPR.
OneSignal is certified according to the Privacy Shield agreement and thus offers a guarantee, but this does not comply with the European Data Protection Act. For data transmissions to OneSignal, we therefore refer to the exceptions listed in Article 49.
For additional information about data protection by OneSignal, please refer to OneSignal’s privacy policy:
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy
2.4. Duration of the processing
As a matter of principle, LootBoy and the LootBoy app will not store any notifications. The stored push notifications that are processed via OneSignal are deleted after 30 days.
After the complete execution of the contract, your data will be restricted for further processing and deleted after expiration of the retention periods under tax and commercial law, unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data or we have reserved the right to use your data for other purposes that are permitted by law and about which we are informing you in this declaration.
3. Sovendus voucher codes
3.1 Description and scope of processing
Within the LootBoy app, we use the offer of Sovendus (Sovendus GmbH, Hermann-Veit-Strasse. 6, 76135 Karlsruhe).
Users have the possibility to receive so-called LootCards within the scope of the app. The partner Sovendus is also used in connection with this feature. The user is offered a selection of attractive voucher offers on the Sovendus website. The user can then receive and use these vouchers outside the LootBoy platform.
Personal data collected:
IP addresses to display regional offers.
For more information on how Sovendus processes your data, please refer to the online privacy notice at
https://www.sovendus.de/datenschutz
.
3.2 Purpose of data processing
The processing of data described above is for the purpose of issuing LootCards with offers from Sovendus.
3.3. Legal basis of the processing
We only process your data if you have given us your consent for data processing. The legal basis for this processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
3.4. duration of processing
Your data collected by Sovendus GmbH will be stored by Sovendus GmbH until revocation of your consent or your objection to the processing of your data for advertising purposes is submitted to Sovendus GmbH.
4. Discord offer (gaming chat)
4.1. Description and scope of the processing
If you choose to use the services of the gaming chat Discord within the scope of the LootBoy season ticket services by using the season ticket rank on the Discord LootBoy server, you will be directed to the service provider Discord (444 De Haro Street #200, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA), where you will conclude a separate user agreement with Discord. For information about how Discord processes your personal data, please refer to the online privacy statement of Discord at
https://discordapp.com/privacy
.
Your username with which you are registered at Discord is forwarded to us from Discord exclusively for the purpose of releasing your LootBoy season ticket rank within the scope of Discord, which we will then process accordingly.
4.2. Purpose of the processing
The processing of your personal data according to section 5.1 by LootBoy is carried out for the purpose of releasing your LootBoy season ticket rank within Discord and thus for the execution of the LootBoy season ticket.
4.3. Legal basis of the processing
We only process your data if you have given us your consent for data processing. The legal basis for this processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
4.4. Duration of the processing
After the complete execution of the contract, your data will be restricted for further processing and deleted after expiration of the retention periods under tax and commercial law, unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data or we have reserved the right to use your data for other purposes that are permitted by law and about which we are informing you in this declaration.
5. Help Scout
5.1. Description and scope of the processing
Within the LootBoy app, we use the Help Scout ticket system from the service provider Help Scout (100 City Hall Plaza, 5th Floor Boston, MA 02108). Help Scout processes emails from the following email addresses: support@lootboy.de, support@lootboy.com, support@lootboy.shop, feedback@lootboy.com. This is where you send your customer service inquiries via the offered contact form in the app. When users are logged in, an email ticket with prefilled customer data is sent to the ticket system. The prefilled data includes the name, email address, and free text fields for additional information, as well as an upload field (“Attachment”) to upload screenshots, such as of an invoice. Depending on the customer’s applied data category, the entries in the free text field and upload area can also include personal data such as the username, email address, invoice data, and order number.
5.2. Purpose of the processing
Processing inquiries to the LootBoy support system.
5.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data in connection with Help Scout with your consent. The legal basis for the processing is Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR in conjunction with Article 49 (1) (a). Help Scout is not certified according to the Privacy Shield agreement and thus offers no guarantee, which does not comply with the European Data Protection Act. For data transmissions to Help Scout, we therefore refer to the exceptions listed in Article 49.
A corresponding data security agreement has been executed with Help Scout.
5.4. Duration of the processing
The data processed via the service provider Help Scout is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to fulfill the purpose of its collection or processing.
If a contract was concluded with LootBoy, your data will be restricted for further processing after the complete execution of the contract and deleted after expiration of the retention periods under tax and commercial law, unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data or we have reserved the right to use your data for other purposes that are permitted by law and about which we are informing you in this declaration.
The general rule:
In its privacy policy, Help Scout clearly states in which way it uses the data for its own purposes, to what extent activities using the Help Scout services are attributed to individual users, and whether data from usage of HelpScout is forwarded to third parties.
Help Scout states that it doesn’t store the personal data of the service users longer than 90 days after conclusion of the contract with LootBoy, unless it is required to do so due to legal obligations.
You can find this privacy policy here:
https://www.helpscout.com/company/legal/dpa/
6. Google Login
6.1. Description and scope of the processing
Registration – as a user – is required in order to use the services offered through the LootBoy app, as well as to acquire products in our shop.
Users can also register for LootBoy via an authentication through their user account on Google.
LootBoy and the LootBoy app process the following data categories:
Profile ID
Displayed name
First and last name
Email address
Region
Link to profile
6.2. Purpose of the processing
We process your data for the one-time registration and login in the LootBoy app.
6.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data in connection with Google Login with your consent. The legal basis for the processing is Article 6 (1) (a) in conjunction with Article 49 (1) (a).
Google LLC is certified according to the Privacy Shield agreement and thus offers a guarantee, but this does not comply with the European Data Protection Act.
For data transmissions to Google LLC, we therefore refer to the exceptions listed in Article 49. A corresponding data security agreement has been executed with Google. When using the listed payment providers, the providers’ own privacy policies apply, for which we aren’t responsible and on which we have no influence.
6.4. Duration of the processing
The data used in the scope of the Google login is deleted as soon as it is no longer required
to fulfill the purpose of its collection or processing.
7. Apple Login
7.1. Description and scope of the processing
Registration – as a user – is required in order to use the services offered through the LootBoy app, as well as to acquire products in our shop.
Users can also register for LootBoy via an authentication through their user account on Apple.
LootBoy and the LootBoy app process the following data categories:
Transmitted email address
Profile ID
7.2. Purpose of the processing
We process your data for the one-time registration and login in the LootBoy app.
7.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data in connection with Apple Login with your consent. The legal basis for the processing is Article 6 (1) (a) in conjunction with Article 49 (1) (a).
Apple is certified according to the Privacy Shield agreement and thus offers a guarantee, but this does not comply with the European Data Protection Act.
For data transmissions to Apple, we therefore refer to the exceptions listed in Article 49. A corresponding data security agreement has been executed with Apple. When using the listed payment providers, the providers’ own privacy policies apply, for which we aren’t responsible and on which we have no influence.
7.4. Duration of the processing
The data used in the scope of the Apple login is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to fulfill the purpose of its collection or processing.
8. Huawei Login
8.1. Description and scope of the processing
Registration – as a user – is required in order to use the services offered through the LootBoy app, as well as to acquire products in our shop.
Users can also register for LootBoy via an authentication through their user account on Huawei.
LootBoy and the LootBoy app process the following data categories:
Display name and email
Profile ID
8.2. Purpose of the processing
We process your data for the one-time registration and login in the LootBoy app.
8.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data in connection with Huawei with your consent. The legal basis for the processing is Article 6 (1) (a) in conjunction with Article 49 (1) (a).
For data transmissions to Huawei, we therefore refer to the exceptions listed in Article 49. A corresponding data security agreement has been executed with Huawei. When using the listed payment providers, the providers’ own privacy policies apply, for which we aren’t responsible and on which we have no influence.
You can find information on the privacy policy (data protection) of Huawei here:
https://consumer.huawei.com/ph/legal/privacy-policy/
8.4. Duration of the processing
The data used in the scope of the Huawei login is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to fulfill the purpose of its collection or processing.
9. Twitch Login
9.1. Description and scope of the processing
Registration – as a user – is required in order to use the services offered through the LootBoy app, as well as to acquire products in our shop.
Users can also register for LootBoy via an authentication through their user account on Twitch (Twitch Interactive, Inc. with headquarters at 350 Bush Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104).
LootBoy and the LootBoy app process the following data categories:
Profile ID
Name
Email address and its verification status
Public profile information (displayed name, username, etc.)
9.2. Purpose of the processing
We process your data for the one-time registration and login in the LootBoy app.
9.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data in connection with the Twitch login with your consent. The legal basis for the processing is Article 6 (1) (a) in conjunction with Article 49 (1) (a).
For data transmissions to Twitch, we therefore refer to the exceptions listed in Article 49. A corresponding data security agreement has been executed with Twitch. When using the listed login providers, the providers’ own privacy policies apply, for which we aren’t responsible and on which we have no influence.
You can find information on the privacy policy (data protection) of Twitch here:
https://www.twitch.tv/p/de-de/legal/privacy-notice/
9.4. Duration of the processing
The data used in the scope of the Twitch login is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to fulfill the purpose of its collection or processing.
10. Twitter Login
10.1. Description and scope of the processing
Registration – as a user – is required in order to use the services offered through the LootBoy app, as well as to acquire products in our shop.
Users can also register for LootBoy via an authentication through their user account on Twitter.
LootBoy and the LootBoy app process the following data categories in connection with the registration:
Region
Name
Profile ID
Email address
10.2 Purpose of the processing
We process your data for the one-time registration and login in the LootBoy app.
10.3 Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data in connection with the Twitter login with your consent. The legal basis for the processing is Article 6 (1) (a) in conjunction with Article 49 (1) (a).
Twitter is certified according to the Privacy Shield agreement and thus offers a guarantee, but this does not comply with the European Data Protection Act.
For data transmissions to Twitch, we therefore refer to the exceptions listed in Article 49. A corresponding data security agreement has been executed with Twitter. When using the listed login providers, the providers’ own privacy policies apply, for which we aren’t responsible and on which we have no influence.
You can find information on the privacy policy (data protection information) of Twitter here:
https://twitter.com/privacy
10.4 Duration of the processing
The data used in the scope of the Twitter login is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to fulfill the purpose of its collection or processing.
11. Steam Login
11.1. Description and scope of the processing
Registration – as a user – is required in order to use the services offered through the LootBoy app, as well as to acquire products in our shop.
Users can also register for LootBoy via an authentication through their user account on Steam.
LootBoy and the LootBoy app process the following data categories in connection with the registration:
Region
Steam ID
Name
Public profile information (displayed name, profile status, link to profile)
11.2. Purpose of the processing
We process your data for the one-time registration and login in the LootBoy app.
11.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data in connection with the Steam login with your consent. The legal basis for the processing is Article 6 (1) (a) in conjunction with Article 49 (1) (a).
For data transmissions to Steam, we therefore refer to the exceptions listed in Article 49. A corresponding data security agreement has been executed with Steam. When using the listed login providers, the providers’ own privacy policies apply, for which we aren’t responsible and on which we have no influence.
You can find information on the privacy policy (data protection information) of Steam here:
https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/
11.4. Duration of the processing
The data used in the scope of the Steam login is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to fulfill the purpose of its collection or processing.
12. Email login with Sendgrid
12.1. Description and scope of the processing
Registration – as a user – is required in order to use the services offered through the LootBoy app, as well as to acquire products in our shop.
Users can also register for LootBoy via an authentication through their email address via the Sendgrid service.
Users provide their email addresses. Through the service provider Twilio and the Sendgrid service, an email with a verification code is sent to the users.
When the link sent by LootBoy is confirmed and the username, date of birth, gender, and country are entered, the registration is completed.
12.2. Purpose of the processing
We process your data for the one-time registration for LootBoy.
12.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data in connection with Twilio with your consent.
The legal basis for the processing is Article 6 (1) (a) in conjunction with Article 49 (1) (a). Twilio is certified according to the Privacy Shield agreement and thus offers a guarantee, but this does not comply with the European Data Protection Act. For data transmissions to Twilio, we therefore refer to the exceptions listed in Article 49. A corresponding data security agreement has been executed with Twilio. When using the listed login providers, the providers’ own privacy policies apply, for which we aren’t responsible and on which we have no influence.
You can find information on the privacy policy (data protection information) of Twilio here:
https://www.twilio.com/gdpr
12.4. Duration of the processing
The data used in the scope of the email login is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to fulfill the purpose of its collection or processing.
13. Google Play
13.1. Description and scope of the processing
The LootBoy app is made available through the Google Play Store. We also offer you the option of making your payments via Google Play. In this case, we forward your data to our payment service provider, Google Play (Google Ireland Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street Dublin 4 Ireland), which reconciles your payment information with the payment providers. We have no access to this data.
LootBoy and the LootBoy app process the following data categories in connection with the Google Play Services:
Order number
Google Ad ID
13.2. Purpose of the processing
We process your data for the billing and controlling of services related to in-app offers.
13.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data in connection with Google Play with your consent. The legal basis for the processing is Article 6 (1) (a) in conjunction with Article 49 (1) (a).
Google LLC is certified according to the Privacy Shield agreement and thus offers a guarantee, but this does not comply with the European Data Protection Act.
For data transmissions to Google LLC, we therefore refer to the exceptions listed in Article 49. A corresponding data security agreement has been executed with Google. When using the listed payment providers, the providers’ own privacy policies apply, for which we aren’t responsible and on which we have no influence.
13.4. Duration of the processing
The data used in the scope of Google Play in-app purchases is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to fulfill the purpose of its collection or processing. In case of payments, this is the case as soon as the transaction for the respective purchase is completed and the product is claimed.
14. Apple App Store
14.1. Description and scope of the processing
We offer you the option of making your payments via Apple. In this case, we forward your data to Apple (One Apple Park Way Cupertino, CA 95014 (408) 996–1010), which reconciles your payment information with the payment provider Apple.
We have no access to this data.
LootBoy and the LootBoy app process the following data categories:
Invoice number
Encrypted transaction identifier
14.2. Purpose of the processing
We process your data for the billing and controlling of services related to in-app offers.
14.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data in connection with the Apple Store with your consent. The legal basis for the processing is Article 6 (1) (a) in conjunction with Article 49 (1) (a).
Apple is certified according to the Privacy Shield agreement and thus offers a guarantee, but this does not comply with the European Data Protection Act.
For data transmissions to Apple, we therefore refer to the exceptions listed in Article 49. A corresponding data security agreement has been executed with Apple. When using the listed payment providers, the providers’ own privacy policies apply, for which we aren’t responsible and on which we have no influence.
14.4. Duration of the processing
The data used in the scope of the Apple App Store in-app purchases is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to fulfill the purpose of its collection or processing. In case of payments, this is the case as soon as the transaction for the respective purchase is completed and the product is claimed.
15. Huawei AppGallery
15.1. Description and scope of the processing
The LootBoy app is distributed through the Huawei AppGallery. We also offer you the option of making your payments via Huawei AppGallery. In this case, we forward your data to our payment service provider, Huawei AppGallery (Huawei HQ Huawei Base, Bantian, Longgang District, Shenzhen, China). We have no access to this data.
LootBoy and the LootBoy app process the following data categories in connection with the Huawei Services:
Order number
Country
pushToken
15.2. Purpose of the processing
We process your data for the billing and controlling of services related to in-app offers.
15.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data in connection with Huawei with your consent.
The legal basis for the processing is Article 6 (1) (a) in conjunction with Article 49 (1) (a).
For data transmissions to Huawei, we therefore refer to the exceptions listed in Article 49. A corresponding data security agreement has been executed with Huawei. When using the listed payment providers, the providers’ own privacy policies apply, for which we aren’t responsible and on which we have no influence.
You can find this privacy policy here:
https://consumer.huawei.com/ph/legal/privacy-policy/
15.4. Duration of the processing
The data used in the scope of Huawei AppGallery in-app purchases is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to fulfill the purpose of its collection or processing. In case of payments, this is the case as soon as the transaction for the respective purchase is completed and the product is claimed.
16. Firebase and Google Analytics for Firebase
16.1. Description and scope of the processing
Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analysis service of Google LLC (1600
Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043 USA). More information about how data is used at Google can be found in Google’s partner policy. Firebase Analytics uses data
with other tools provided by Firebase: Crash Reporting, Remote Config, Google Analytics for Firebase, Firebase Performance Monitoring.
With the use of Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase automatically starts collecting data for several common processes in the app, e.g.:
Start time of the app for iOS and Android apps
Screen rendering for iOS and Android apps
Loading of pages for web apps
Network requirements for all kinds of apps
Performance monitoring uses traces to collect data about these processes. A trace is a report containing data that was collected between two points in time in the app.
Below are the data categories that are processed for the different Firebase services:
16.1.1. Crash Reporting
Firebase Crashlytics is a service provided by Google Inc Collected personal data:
Crashlytics installation UUIDs
Crash traces
Data in the Breakpad minidump format
Anonymized LootBoy user ID
**16.1.2. Remote Config **
Firebase Remote Config is a service provided by Google Inc. Collected personal data:
Firebase installation IDs
Anonymized LootBoy user ID
**16.1.3. Google Analytics for Firebase **
Google Analytics for Firebase is a service provided by Google Inc. This app uses identifiers for mobile devices (including Android advertising ID or advertising identifiers for iOS) and cookie-like technologies to execute Google Analytics for Firebase services.
Collected personal data:
Mobile ad IDs
IDFVs / Android IDs
Firebase installation IDs
Analytics app instance IDs
Anonymized LootBoy user ID
16.1.4. Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase Performance Monitoring for Firebase is a service provided by Google Inc.
Collected personal data:
Firebase installation IDs
IP addresses
Anonymized LootBoy user ID
Users can opt out of certain Firebase features through the relevant mobile device settings, such as mobile advertising settings, or by following the instructions in other sections of this privacy policy in respect to Firebase:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
16.2. Purpose of the processing
We use the tracking software Google Analytics to measure the success of potential marketing campaigns.
To improve the stability of the LootBoy app, we use the Google service Firebase Crashlytics.
16.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data in connection with Firebase with your consent.
The legal basis for the processing is Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR in conjunction with Article 49 (1) (a).
Firebase is certified according to the Privacy Shield agreement and thus offers a guarantee, but this does not comply with the European Data Protection Act. For data transmissions to Firebase, we therefore refer to the exceptions listed in Article 49.
16.4. Duration of the processing
The following respective durations apply for the Firebase services:
16.4.1 Crash Reporting: Storage:
Firebase Crashlytics stores crash stack traces, extracted minidump data, and associated identifications (including Crashlytics installation UUIDs) for 90 days.
16.4.2 Remote Config: Storage:
Firebase retains the Firebase installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API request to delete the ID. After the request, the data will be removed from the live and backup systems within 180 days.
16.4.3 Storage:
Google Analytics stores certain advertising identifier-related data
(e.g., Apple’s advertiser identifier and provider identifier, Android advertising ID) for 60 days and retains aggregate reporting without automatic expiration. The storage of data at a user level, including conversions, is set for up to 14 months. For all other event data, you can specify the storage to 2 months or 14 months in your Analytics settings.
16.4.4 Firebase Performance Monitoring:
The Performance Monitoring retains the installation and IP-associated events for 30 days and the non-identified performance data for 90 days.
17. Facebook SDK / Facebook SDK Login
17.1. Description and scope of the processing
17.1 a)
Within the LootBoy app, we use the Software Development Kit (SDK) of Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland and, if applicable, Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. The Facebook SDK is released and administered by Facebook. This integration makes it possible to link certain Facebook services with the LootBoy app.
The Facebook SDK records the following information:
Explicit events – information from events that are traced because the advertisers have specifically configured their app for this purpose, e.g., “AddtoCart” or “logPurchase” as well as additional parameters provided  by the app.
Implicit events – information from events that are logged implicitly when advertisers use other functions of the Facebook SDK, such as the integration with the Facebook login or the “Like” button.
Automatically logged events – basic interactions in the app (e.g., app installations, app starts) and system events (e.g., loading the SDK, SDK performance) that are recorded automatically.
Mobile advertising ID – the iOS IDFA or Android advertising ID.
Metadata from the request – type and data of the mobile operating system, SDK version, app name, app version, opt-out setting of the device, user agent string, and client IP address. The SDK also collects the following device identifiers: time zone, operating system of the device, device model, provider, screen size, processor cores, total memory, available memory.
17.1 b)
If Facebook login is used, the Facebook SDK collects the following data:
App events: This encompasses generic app events (e.g., app installations, app starts) and other standard logging for product identifiers (e.g., loading the SDK, SDK performance).
 Note: As mentioned above, some of these events, e.g., app installations or app starts, are logged automatically. Developers can disable automatic logging and log explicit events manually instead (instructions for iOS and Android here).
Configuration data: After a user has logged in, the SDK regularly performs queries in the background to automatically manage the lifetime of the access key.
Error information: The SDK collects error information, also during the initialization of the SDK. This information may also include the user ID of persons who are logged intoFacebook.
Short-term data: The SDK measures certain user activities to detect fraud and misuse. For persons who aren’t logged into Facebook, this data is stored only for a short time.
The use of this information about people who have a Facebook account is subject to the Facebook data policy.
17.2. Purpose of the processing
Via the Facebook SDK, the LootBoy app uses the service Facebook App Events, which enables it to track the reach of advertising campaigns and the use of the Facebook SDK.
In this process, Facebook only provides us with an aggregated analysis of the user behavior for the LootBoy app. Furthermore, we have no influence on the information which Facebook processes via App Events.
The LootBoy app uses the Facebook SDK login for the login to the LootBoy app.
17.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data in connection with Facebook with your consent.
The legal basis for the processing is Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR in conjunction with Article 49 (1) (a).
Facebook is certified according to the Privacy Shield agreement and thus offers a guarantee, but this does not comply with the European Data Protection Act. For data transmissions to Facebook, we therefore refer to the exceptions listed in Article 49.
17.4. Duration of the processing
The data used in the scope of the Facebook login is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to fulfill the purpose of its collection or processing.
The general rule:
Facebook does not clearly or conclusively state in which way it uses the data from visits to Facebook services for its own purposes, to what extent activities using the Facebook services are attributed to individual users, how long Facebook stores this data, and whether data from the usage of Facebook is forwarded to third parties, and we have no knowledge of this.
You can find this privacy policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
When a Facebook service is accessed, the IP address assigned to your end device is forwarded to Facebook. According to Facebook, this IP address (also end device identifiers) is allegedly anonymized (at “German” IP addresses) and deleted after 90 days. Facebook also stores information about the end devices of its users (e.g., in the scope of the login notification function); it is possible that this enables Facebook to associate IP addresses with individual users. If you are currently logged into Facebook as a user, a cookie with your Facebook identifier will be located on your end device. This makes it possible for Facebook to detect that you are using this service and how you use it.
This also applies to all other Facebook services.
18. AppsFlyer
18.1 Description and scope of the processing
AppsFlyer evaluates this data collected in anonymized form only on an anonymized basis, in summarized form, and for purely statistical purposes. The data is stored on a separate server of AppsFlyer Ltd. at 100 1st Street, 25th Floor San Francisco, California 94105 USA. Depending on the campaign, the data will be shared – also in anonymized form – with connected advertising networks, such as Google or Facebook. The data is used solely to measure the success of marketing campaigns and their improvement. You can find more information about the use and collection of the data by AppsFlyer at the following link:
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy
The AppsFlyer SDK / API logs the following information:
Type or model of the end device and browser
Status of the Wi-Fi network
Browser ID
IP address
Anonymized LootBoy user ID
Ad IDs from Google and Apple
18.2. Purpose of the processing
We use the tracking software AppsFlyer to measure the success of potential marketing campaigns.
18.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data in connection with AppsFlyer with your consent.
The legal basis for the processing is Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR in conjunction with Article 49 (1) (a).
AppsFlyer is certified according to the Privacy Shield agreement and thus offers a guarantee,
but this does not comply with the European Data Protection Act. For data transmissions to
AppsFlyer, we therefore refer to the exceptions listed in Article 49.
18.4. Duration of the processing
The data processed by the AppsFlyer SDK is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to fulfill the purpose of its collection or processing.
The general rule:
In its privacy policy, AppsFlyer clearly states in which way it uses the data for its own purposes, to what extent activities using the AppsFlyer services are attributed to individual users, and whether data from the usage of AppsFlyer is forwarded to third parties.
You can find this privacy policy here:
https://www.appsflyer.com/services-privacy-policy/
When your data is processed, the IP address assigned to your end device is transmitted to AppsFlyer. According to AppsFlyer, this IP address (also end device identifiers) is deleted after 24 months.
19. Spinney
19.1. Description and scope of processing
We process some of your personal data with the service provider Spinney (Lea 20/4 30-052 Kraków, Poland).
The following information is processed:
pseudonymous LootBoy user ID.
the IP address of the visitor
Information about the app version used
The operating system of the visitor
Data on the user's first login and last login.
Websites accessed by the visitor's system via our website as part of exploration quests.
Data on the user's first login and last login
Advertising IDs from Google, iOS or Huawei.
User profile information (username, email address and information processed as part of social logins).
Transaction data during purchase processes (order numbers, payment confirmations)
Transaction data of the respective payment service providers used.
19.2. Purpose of the processing
Spinney provides operation, maintenance, upkeep and support for the Platform's content management system on behalf of LootBoy GmbH.
19.3. Legal basis of processing
As a matter of principle, we only process your data if you have given us your consent to data processing. Thus, the processing is lawful pursuant to Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR.
In addition, we process your data to fulfil pre- and post-contractual obligations.
Thus, the processing of personal data is lawful pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
19.4. Duration of processing
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required to achieve the purpose for which they were collected or processed. In the case of the collection and storage of data for the provision of the website, this is the case when the respective session has ended.
20. Unity Ads
20.1. Description and scope of the processing
As part of our app, we also market advertising space for third-party advertisers and advertising networks. In this context, we use the provider Unity Ads of the American company Unity Technologies, Inc. (30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA). Within the European area, the company Unity Technologies ApS (Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark) is responsible for all Unity Ads services.
In the course of using the Unity Ads service, the following categories of data are transferred and shared with the service and potential advertising networks:
Location information, such as IP address and the general location (city, state, and country).
Device identifier, such as IDFA, Android Ad ID, IDFV, or MAC address.
Session or installation information, device information, including device name and ID, hardware model, operating system and version, and mobile network information
Browser and cookie information
Login information and language preferences
Date and time of access and time zone setting
Session information: Information about the delivery of the ad and your interaction, i.e., whether and how often you click on an ad, view it, or download and install the advertised game
OPTIONALLY
, additional data may be collected by LootBoy. However, these will not be shared with Unity Technologies. The following categories of data may be processed additionally:
Session information and monetization events.
User information such as name, email address, date of birth, gender, app ID.
For the display of advertising, we receive a fee from Unity Ads in order to be able to provide our offer to you free of charge in this way.
At Unity Technologies, the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) apply to the transfer of online advertising data and personal data originating in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. If there is a transfer of personal data as defined by the SCC, the Standard Contractual Clauses contained in the Partner's contract with Unity Technologies will apply.
The privacy policy of Unity Ads, as well as further information on data use, setting and objection options, can be found
here
.
20.2. Purpose of the processing
The functions of Unity Ads are used for the placement of personalized advertisements tailored to you, in order to be able to make our offer available to you free of charge in this way.
20.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we process your data in connection with Unity Ads only with your
your consent. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
Unity Ads also processes your data in the USA. In the opinion of the European
Court of Justice, there is no adequate level of protection for the transfer of data to the
USA. Thereby, risks may arise within the legality and security of the
data processing may arise.
As a basis for data processing with recipients located in third countries
Unity Ads uses standard contractual clauses (Art. 46. para. 2 GDPR). These
obligate Unity Ads to comply with the EU level of data protection when processing your data
also outside the EU. These clauses are based on an
Implementing Decision of the EU Commission. You can find it
here
.
The Unity Ads data processing condition according to the standard contractual clauses.
as well as further information on Unity Ads data processing can be found
here
.
20.4. Duration of the processing
Unity Ads stores your data until it is no longer needed for its purposes. Unity Ads' servers are distributed worldwide. Your customer data is deleted as soon as its retention is no longer required or, under applicable law, no longer permitted.
20.5. Prevent data processing
You cannot prevent receiving ads in the LootBoy App with Unity Ads, but you can take steps to opt-out of certain personalized ads, including within the ad unit, by clicking the "i" button or privacy icon.
21. AdColony
21.1. Description and scope of the processing
As part of our app, we also market advertising space for third-party advertisers and advertising networks. In this context, we use the provider AdColony, Inc. (1888 Century Park E #1450, Los Angeles, CA 90067, USA) of the American company Digital Turbine, Inc (110 San Antonio St. #160, Austin, TX 78701, USA). There is no joint responsibility in the data processing. AdColony is therefore solely responsible for the processing of your data.
In the course of using the AdColony service, the following categories of data are transferred and shared with the service and potential advertising networks:
Pseudonymous information, such as your Google advertising ID, Apple advertising ID and IP address.
Browser type, browsing and usage habits, service provider, domain name, time & date of visit, referring URL, and your device's operating system
Information from and about mobile apps, time & date of event, mobile device type and characteristics, and mobile service provider
Location data, such as latitude and longitude
Age, gender, and demographic data
AdColony uses this data for user profiling.
At AdColony, the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) apply to the transfer of online advertising data and personal data originating in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. If there is a transfer of personal data within the meaning of the SCC, the Standard Contractual Clauses contained in the Partner's contract with AdColony will apply.
The privacy policy of AdColony, as well as further information on data use, setting and objection options, can be found
here
.
21.2. Purpose of the processing
AdColony's features are used to serve you customized, location-based, personalized advertisements, as well as for personal data analysis and market research purposes.
21.3. Legal basis of the processing
We process your data in connection with AdColony only with your consent. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. AdColony also processes your data in the USA. In the opinion of the European Court of Justice, there is no adequate level of protection for the transfer of data to the USA. This may give rise to risks within the legality and security of data processing.
As a basis for data processing at recipients located in third countries, AdColony uses standard contractual clauses (Art. 46. para. 2 GDPR). These oblige AdColony to comply with the EU level of data protection when processing your data outside the EU. These clauses are based on an implementing decision of the EU Commission. This can be found
here
.
The AdColony data processing condition according to the standard contractual clauses as well as further information on AdColony's data processing can be found
here
.
21.4. Duration of the processing
AdColony stores your data until it is no longer needed for its purposes. AdColony's servers are distributed worldwide. Your customer data is deleted as soon as its retention is no longer necessary or, according to applicable law, no longer permitted.
21.5. Data deletion
You cannot opt out of receiving ads on the LootBoy App with AdColony, but you can request that your information be deleted using the form at the bottom of
this website
.
22. TapJoy
22.1. Description and scope of the processing
As part of our app, we also market advertising space for third-party advertisers and advertising networks. In this context, we use the provider Tapjoy, Inc. (353 Sacramento St., 6th FL, San Francisco, CA 94111, USA), which includes several advertising networks. The use of TapJoy's offers find use in the diamond section of the app. Here, the user is rewarded with virtual diamonds by completing various tasks.
In order to play out an advertisement, TapJoy may collect information and personal information when accessed. The following user data may be collected:
Information about your device and the campaign content you access through TapJoy's services.
Device identifiers
Advertising identifier (This is a resettable identifier for advertising purposes, such as Google Android Advertising ID (GAAID) for Android devices and ID for Advertisers (IDFA) for iOS devices).
Publisher user ID
Device information
Operating system version
Whether the device's "opt-out" options have been enabled with respect to advertising
Model and manufacturer (example: Apple iPhone X, Samsung Galaxy S8).
Screen size, screen density and other information relevant to ad formatting and display.
Information about the internet connection used to access our services, including.
Mobile operator
Internet service provider
Whether the network type is wireless or cellular
IP address
Timestamp and duration
Information about the app used to access TapJoy's services and your usage, and about the SDK, including.
Which version of the app is being used and which version of the SDK is integrated into the app
API key (identifier for application).
How often and for how long you use the app, and at the publisher's option, information about what stage of the game you are at and what in-app purchases you have made
If the publisher uses mediation to connect with advertising networks, it may choose to send or enable the collection of parameters related to mediation services
Signals related to suitability for behavioral advertising.
Location-related information
IP address
Location-based device settings, such as country code, language setting, and device time zone
Campaign content information
What the campaign content is about
What type of campaign content it is about
The reward that is offered in return for using campaign content
What the placement is (i.e., where and how the campaign content is displayed in the mobile app from which you accessed it)
Whether you responded to the campaign content's "call to action" - for example, did you click through to the advertiser's website? - Or completed the requests (examples: watched a 30-second video, made a purchase).
Market research information - responses to market research surveys accessed through our platform are voluntary and opt-in. Responses voluntarily provided by you may include the following:
Demographic information (such as age, household income, gender, highest education completed, household composition).
General location (such as zip code or city and state).
Other information you voluntarily provide, including product preferences and opinions, employment status, marital status, veteran status, health information, race or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership information, sexual orientation, religious beliefs - in each case subject to applicability law.
If at any time you do not wish to respond to a question, please select "Prefer not to say" or something equivalent, or exit the survey.
Some surveys are conducted by third parties outside of the Tapjoy campaign platform (indicated by a non-Tapjoy URL); in these surveys, your responses go to the market research campaign partner (not Tapjoy) and are subject to their privacy policy.
Some surveys are administered partially or entirely within the Tapjoy Platform; In these surveys, your responses will be shared with the market research campaign partner that commissioned the survey, and we and the market researcher will associate your responses with the promotional identifier for the device used to access and complete the survey offer, and it will use advertising and market research as described in this Privacy Policy.
For more information about Tapjoy's privacy policy, click
here
.
22.2. Purpose of the processing
The processing of personal data by TapJoy is carried out for the purpose of crediting Diamonds to the LootBoy account of the Participating Customer.
The purpose of the processing of the data set out above is the economic design of the operation of our app.
22.3. Legal basis of the processing
We process your data in connection with TapJoy in principle only with your consent. The legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
Tapjoy also processes your data in the USA. In the opinion of the European Court of Justice, there is no adequate level of protection for the transfer of data to the USA. Thereby, risks within the legality and security of the data processing may arise.
As a basis for data processing with recipients located in third countries
Tapjoy uses standard contractual clauses (Art. 46. para. 2 GDPR). These
obligate Tapjoy to comply with the EU level of data protection when processing your data
also outside the EU. These clauses are based on an
Implementing Decision of the EU Commission. This can be found
here
.
Tapjoy's data processing terms and conditions under the
Standard Contractual Clauses can be found
here
.
If you need more information about Tapjoy's data processing,
we recommend you visit their
Data Policy
.
22.4. Duration of the processing
Tapjoy generally retains your information for as long as is necessary to provide the Services. Information used for interest-based ad targeting is rotated every 90 days. Information used to segment audiences for market research surveys, based on users' voluntary responses, is updated every six months. Conversion data and non-production backups of production data are kept longer due to financial records and disaster recovery requirements.
22.5. Prevent data processing
If you prefer not to receive campaign content tailored to your perceived interests, you can enable device-based "opt-out" options in your device settings. If you do so, we will stop processing your personal data for these purposes. As of the date of this policy, you can use your device's native settings to customize your advertising preferences as follows:
Go to Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Restrict Ad Tracking in iOS.
Go to Android to Settings > Google > Ads > Disable interest-based advertising.
23. Facebook Audience Network
23.1. Description and scope of the processing
As part of our app, we also market advertising space for third-party advertisers and advertising networks. In this context, we use the functions of the Facebook Audience Network of the provider Facebook Ireland Ltd (4 Grand Canal Square Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland) of the American company Facebook Inc (1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA), hereinafter also referred to as "Facebook".
In doing so, Facebook processes personal data both under its sole responsibility and under joint responsibility with LootBoy.
In the course of using the Facebook Audience Network, the following categories of data are transferred and shared with the service and potential advertising networks:
Your activities and the information you provide:
Content you create, such as posts or comments; or
Content you provide through Facebook's camera feature or settings for recordings, or through its voice-based features
Messages you send and receive
The types of content you view and interact with
Apps and features you use and what actions you take with them
Purchases and transactions you make, including credit card information
Hashtags you use
The timing, frequency and duration of your use of Facebook features
Views of, and interactions with, a Facebook page and its content
Friends, followers and other contacts
Facebook collects information about friends, subscribers, groups, accounts, Facebook pages, and other users and communities with whom you network and interact.
Facebook also collects information from your contacts, such as their name and email address or phone number, when you upload or import them from a device, such as by syncing your address book.
If you don't use Meta products, or they don't have a Facebook account, your information could still be collected
App, browser, and device information
Information about your devices and their usage
Software as well as other device characteristics
Device signals, such as GPS location, camera access, photos, and related metadata
Network information, including IP address
Information about the performance of Facebook products
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Device information
Websites visited and cookie data, such as through social plugins or the meta pixel
Apps and games used
Purchases and transactions made
Advertisements viewed and how they were interacted with
Information such as your email address, cookies, and device ID used for advertising purposes.
Facebook receives this information regardless of whether you are logged in or have an account.
For more information about Facebook's privacy policy, click
here
.
23.2. Purpose of the processing
The purpose of the processing of data set out above is to make the operation of our App more economical. Facebook processes your data for the following purposes:
to promote privacy, security and integrity, and to comply with applicable law
to personalize offers, advertisements and other sponsored or commercial content
to develop and deliver features and integrations
to learn how people use and interact with products from meta-companies
23.3. Legal basis of the processing
As a matter of principle, we process your data in connection with Facebook only with your
your consent. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
Facebook also processes your data in the USA. In the opinion of the European
Court of Justice, there is no adequate level of protection for the transfer of data to the
USA. Risks may arise within the legality and security of the
data processing may arise.
As the basis for data processing for recipients located in third countries
Facebook uses standard contractual clauses (Art. 46. para. 2 GDPR). These
obligate Facebook to comply with the EU level of data protection when processing your data
also outside the EU. These clauses are based on an
Implementing Decision of the EU Commission. You can find this
here
.
Facebook's data processing policies under the Standard Contractual Clauses can be found
here
and
here
.
If you need more information about Facebook's data processing,
we recommend that you read the data policies, which can be found
here
.
23.4. Duration of the processing
Facebook generally retains your information for as long as is necessary to provide the Services.
24. IronSource
24.1. Description and scope of the processing
As part of our app, we also market advertising space for third-party advertisers and advertising networks. In this context, we use the functions of the provider Irons Source Ltd. (121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel), hereinafter also referred to only as "IronSource".
In the course of using IronSource, the following categories of data are transferred and disclosed to the service and to potential advertising networks:
Browser and device information, such as IP address, device ID, browser version and type, operating system, browser language.
Interaction information, such as whether you clicked on a particular link
IronSource's privacy policy can be found
here
.
24.2. Purpose of the processing
The purpose of the processing of the data set out above is the economic design of the operation of our app.
24.3. Legal basis of the processing
We generally process your data in connection with IronSource only with your
your consent. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
IronSource also processes your data in the USA. In the opinion of the European
Court of Justice, there is no adequate level of protection for the transfer of data to the
USA. Thereby, risks may arise within the legality and security of the
data processing may arise.
As a basis for data processing with recipients located in third countries
IronSource uses standard contractual clauses (Art. 46. para. 2 DSGVO). These
obligate IronSource to comply with the EU level of data protection when processing your data
also outside the EU. These clauses are based on an
Implementing Decision of the EU Commission. This can be found
here
.
More information about IronSource's data processing can be found
here
.
24.4. Duration of the processing
IronSource generally retains your information for as long as necessary to provide the Services.
25. Revenue Universe
25.1. Description and scope of the processing
In the scope of our app, we also market advertising spots for advertisements from third-party providers and advertising networks. In this context, we use the provider Revenue Universe LLC (2100 Constitution Blvd, #151, Sarasota, Florida, 34231, United States), which comprises several advertising networks. As part of using the Revenue Universe service, an anonymized ID is transmitted to Revenue Universe, which anonymously identifies a user without transmitting any personal data.
When accessed, Revenue Universe can collect information and personal information to display an advertisement. An overview of the data potentially collected in this process is here:
https://revenueuniverse.com/privacy.html
The use of Revenue Universe‘s offers occurs when using the offers in the Diamond area of the app, in which the user can collect virtual diamonds.
25.2. Purpose of the processing
The personal data processed in accordance with section 26.1 by Revenue Universe is for the purpose of crediting LootCoins and/or Diamonds to the participating user’s LootBoy account as well as for claiming rewards from LootPacks.
The purpose of the aforementioned data processing is the optimization and economic design of the operation of our app. This also constitutes our legitimate interest in this processing.
25.3. Legal basis of the processing
We only process your data if you have given us your consent for data processing. The legal basis for this processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
25.4. Duration of the processing
After the complete execution of the contract, your data will be restricted for further processing and deleted after expiration of the retention periods under tax and commercial law, unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data or we have reserved the right to use your data for other purposes that are permitted by law and about which we are informing you in this declaration.
26. CPX Research
26.1. Description and scope of the processing
In the scope of our app, we offer users the opportunity to participate in a survey. In this context, we use the provider Make Opinion GmbH (Elfenallee 5, 13127 Berlin, Germany). As part of using the CPX Research service, an anonymized ID is transmitted to CPX Research, which anonymously identifies a user without transmitting any personal data.
When accessed, CPX Research can collect information and personal information. An overview of the data potentially collected in this process is here:
https://www.cpx-research.com/main/en/privacy-user/
26.2. Purpose of the processing
The personal data processed in accordance with section 27.1 by CPX Research is for the purpose ofparticipating in a survey.
The purpose of the aforementioned data processing is the optimization and economic design of the operation of our app. This also constitutes our legitimate interest in this processing.
26.3. Legal basis of the processing
We only process your data if you have given us your consent for data processing. The legal basis for this processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
26.4. Duration of the processing
After the complete execution of the contract, your data will be restricted for further processing and deleted after expiration of the retention periods under tax and commercial law, unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data or we have reserved the right to use your data for other purposes that are permitted by law and about which we are informing you in this declaration.
27. Google AdMob
27.1. Description and scope of the processing
Within  the  scope  of  our  app, we also market  advertising  space  for  advertisements  from  third-party providers and advertising  networks. In this  context, we  use  the  provider Google AdMob  of  the American company Google Inc. Within  the European area, the  company Google Ireland Ltd. (Gordon House, Barrow Street Dublin 4, Ireland) is  responsible  for all Google services. Within  the  scope  of  using  the Google AdMob  service, your IP address, as  well  as  your  advertising ID, will be  transmitted  to  the  service.
In the  course  of  using  the Google AdMob  service, the  following  categories  of  data  are  transmitted and shared  with  the  service and potential advertising  networks:
IP address  of  the  user and the IDs of  the mobile ads.
The name and ID of  the  app
The category  of  this  app (e.g. "sports  news") and its  language
The type of  browser and device  used  by  the  user and the  corresponding screen size
The approximate  geographic  location  of  the  user
A shortened  version  of  the  user's IP address, which potential bidders  can  use  to, among  other  things, determine  the  user's own approximate  location and prevent  advertising  fraud
For  websites: an encrypted, unique  cookie ID for  the potential bidder, which a bidding  function  with  its own cookie in the  user's  browser  can  use  to  retrieve additional information  associated  with  that  cookie (e.g., a bidding  function  can  use  this  cookie  to  determine  whether a user  is  female and interested in ice  hockey)
For  apps and other  devices, such as game consoles and Internet-enabled TVs: an advertising ID that  serves  the same purpose.
Google acts  as a data  controller  for  AdMob and processes  this  data  to  serve  personalized, tailored  ads  to  you.
Advertisers  can  serve  you  more relevant ads  when  you  visit  other  websites  or  apps in the AdSense or  AdMob ad network.
We  receive a fee  from Google for  displaying  the  advertisements in order  to  be  able  to  provide  our  service  to  you  free  of  charge in this  way.
At Google, the European Commission's Standard Contractual  Clauses (SCC) apply  to  the  transfer  of  data  for online advertising  as  well  as personal data  originating  from  the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. For  the  Responsible Services, Google has  updated  the Data Processing Terms between Controllers for Google Advertising Products to also include  the Standard Contractual  Clauses  for  transfers  of personal data  to  third countries. If  there  is a transfer  of personal data  as  defined  by  the SCC, the  standard  contractual  clauses  contained in the  partner's  contract  with Google apply.
Google's  privacy  policy  can  be  found at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
For  further  information on data  use  by Google, setting and objection  options, please  refer  to  Google's  privacy  policy (
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
) as  well  as  the  settings  for  the  display  of  advertisements  by Google (
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
).
27.2. Purpose of the processing
The processing  of personal data  pursuant  to  Section 1.1 by Google AdMob  is  carried out for  the  purpose  of  displaying  personalized  advertising. The purpose  of  the  processing  of  the  data  set out above  is  the  economic design of  the  operation  of  our  app.
27.3. Legal basis of the processing
For  the  described  data  processing, users  request  consent. Thus, the  processing  is  lawful  pursuant  to Art. 6 (1) a) DSGVO in conjunction  with Art. 44 ff, in particular Art. 49 (1) a).
27.4. Duration of the processing
Google processes  your  data  as  described  here. For  more  information on deleting  data  under "My  Activities," see Google Search Help. Signed-in users  can also access and edit  their Google account's ad profile  under Advertising Settings.
End user  data  from Google users  who  are not logged in may  no  longer  be  used  by Google for  targeting  that  visitor  if  the  following  applies:
The user's  cookie  expires, they  delete  their  cookies, or  they  reset  their  advertising ID.
The user  deactivates  personalized  ads on his  device.
A record  of  the  ads  provided  by Google is  stored in its logs. This happens  for  both  logged-in and non-logged-in users. These server logs usually  contain
the web request,
the IP address,
the  user's  browser type and browser  language,
the date and time of  the ad request
and one  or  more  cookies  or an advertising ID that  uniquely  identifies  the  user's  browser  or mobile device.
Google anonymizes  the IP address in the logs by  deleting  part  of  the  address after nine  months. After 18 months, it  further  anonymizes  the log data  by  obscuring  or  deleting  the  cookie  or  advertising ID information  from  both  the logs and the ad serving  databases. The user  data  associated  with  cookies and advertising IDs is also used, among  other  things, to  detect and prevent  advertising  fraud. Google also uses  this  information  to  ensure  that  users do not see  ads  that  they  have  already  blocked. In this  case, or in the  case  that Google records  this  data on behalf of  its  customers (e.g. in Google Analytics), the  data  may also be  stored  for  longer  than  specified  above. If  AdMob  associates  information  about a logged-in Google user's  activity  with  his  or her Google account, the  user  can  view  that  activity  under "My  Activities" as  described  above. Logged-in Google users also have  the  option  to  export all records  of  their  activities, including ad-related  records, via
Google Data Export
.
28. Vungle
28.1. Description and scope of the processing
As part of our app, we also market advertising space for third-party advertisers and advertising networks. In this context, we use the functions of the provider Vungle Inc, (1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, USA), hereinafter also referred to as "Vungle".
In the course of using Vungle, the following categories of data are transmitted and shared with the service and potential advertising networks:
Information about your device, such as type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g., iOS, Android, etc.), network carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client App currently active on your device (but no other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as unique device identifiers (a number uniquely assigned to your device by your device manufacturer or the Publisher Client App).
Information about your behavior in our publisher client app, such as information about activity or actions in those apps and session start/end times. Historical versions of Vungle Technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude coordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client App has location services enabled on your device and (ii) you have given Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads that have been served, viewed, or clicked, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, how many times you viewed the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the advertiser's website or the relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the advertised product or service.
Vungle's privacy policy can be found
here
.
28.2. Purpose of the processing
The purpose of the processing of data set out above is to make the operation of our App more economical.
Vungle processes your data for the following purposes:
Provision of Ads: To enable publishers to provide ad inventory in their Apps, and advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions: To enable Vungle to confirm with advertisers information about when and how end users were exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website, and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services provided.
Frequency Capping: Prevents you from seeing the same ad too many times.
Ad customization: To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analysis and Optimization: To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing "whitelists" or "blacklists" for end users (to ensure in some cases that certain ads are seen by appropriate audiences). Click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installations of advertised apps.
Fraud detection and prevention: identifying invalid clicks, installs or ad requests and protecting us and our customers from fraudulent behavior.
Provision and Improvement of Vungle Ad Services: Reviewing, researching, and analyzing data to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and ensure that their technologies are functioning properly.
28.3. Legal basis of the processing
We process your data in connection with Vungle in principle only with your consent. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. Vungle also processes your data in the USA. In the opinion of the European Court of Justice, there is no adequate level of protection for the transfer of data to the USA. Thereby, risks within the legality and security of the data processing may arise. As a basis for data processing with recipients located in third countries, Vungle uses standard contractual clauses (Art. 46. para. 2 GDPR). These oblige Vungle to comply with the EU level of data protection when processing your data outside the EU. These clauses are based on an implementing decision of the EU Commission. This can be found
here
.
Further information on Vungle's data processing can be found
here
.
28.4. Duration of the processing
Vungle generally retains your information for as long as is necessary to provide the services. Generally, this is 13 months from the date of the last collection. If you have further questions about the information collected by Vungle, you may contact Vungle at
privacy@vungle.com
.
29. Google reCaptcha
29.1 Description and scope of the processing
We also use the reCAPTCHA functionality of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland ("Google") in this app. This tool is primarily used to distinguish whether the input is made by a natural person or abused by machines and automated processing. This service involves the transmission to Google of the IP address and, where applicable, other data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service. Categories of data collected:
Pages that embed reCAPTCHA,
the IP address,
screen and window resolutions,
browser plugins
In addition, Google reCAPTCHA checks whether a cookie has been created in the user's browser. If this is not the case, Google sets a cookie. In practice, this means that Google creates a user fingerprint for reCPATCHA, which is also recognizable on other pages. This allows Google to track users across pages.
Referrer URL (the page address from which the visitor came).
Information about the operating system (software that enables your computer to run).
Mouse movements and keystrokes
Time spent
User device settings (e.g., time zone, language settings, location, browser, etc.).
If you are logged into your Google account while using the reCAPTCHA plugin, the data is merged. Deviating data protection provisions of Google apply here.
29.2. Purpose of the processing
The tool is primarily used to distinguish whether the input is made by a natural person or is abused by machines and automated processing.
29.3. Legal basis of the processing
Art. 46. GDPR 2 and 3) Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) are templates provided by the European Commission to ensure that your data complies with European data protection standards even when transferred and stored in third countries, such as the United States. Through these terms, Google undertakes to comply with European data protection standards when processing your data, even if the data is stored, processed and managed in the United States. These terms are based on implementing decisions of the European Commission. The decision and the corresponding standard contractual clauses can be found here:
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/dec_impl/2021/914/oj?locale=de
The data processing terms and conditions for Google Ads with reference to the standard contractual terms and conditions can be found under
https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/
For more information on reCAPTCHA, visit Google's web developer page:
https://www.google.com/int/de/policies/privacy/
Google goes into more detail here about the technical development of reCAPTCHA, but you won't find precise information on topics related to data storage and data protection here either. A good overview of the basic use of Google data can be found in the internal privacy policy at
https://www.google.com/int/de/policies/privacy/
29.4. Duration of the processing
The duration of the storage of personal data is determined by the respective legal basis, the purpose of processing and - if relevant - additionally by the respective statutory retention period (e.g. retention periods under commercial and tax law). For example, data processed in the context of legal or quasi-legal obligations on the basis of Art. 6 (1) b DSGVO will be routinely deleted after the expiry of the retention period, provided that they are no longer required for the performance or initiation of a contract and/or we have no legitimate interest in continuing to store them.
30. Consent Manager (User Centrics)
30.1 Description and scope of the processing
Our app uses the "Consent Manager" tool from User Centrics GmbH (Sendlinger Straße 7, 80331 Munich, Germany) to collect and manage user consent for the use of cookies and other technologies. This includes displaying a consent form that allows users to configure their settings for cookies and other technologies, and storing and managing these settings.
Data collected:
IP address
Device ID
Location data
Information about the use of the app
30.2. Purpose of the processing
The purpose of processing this data through User Centrics' Consent Manager tool is to give our users more control and transparency over the way we process their data. It also enables us to comply with legal requirements regarding data protection and data security.
30.3. Legal basis of the processing
The legal basis for the processing of personal data by the Consent Manager is Article 6(1)(a) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), as the processing is based on the express consent of the users.
30.4. Duration of the processing
The processing of personal data by the Consent Manager Tool of User Centrics takes place as long as the App is used and it is processed in the data centers specified by User Centrics. The user has the possibility to withdraw his consent at any time and thereby terminate the processing of his data.
31. Adjoe (Playtime)
31.1 Description and scope of the processing
Within the scope of our app, users have the opportunity to earn diamonds for completing various tasks. In this context, we use the service "Playtime" which is provided to you by adjoe GmbH, 20099 Hamburg for use on your mobile device. Access to Playtime is possible via the LootBoy App and requires registration of the user.
The LootBoy App acts as a distribution channel for Playtime. LootBoy is not the User's contractual partner for the use of Playtime. Adjoe also does not become its contractual partner through your use of the LootBoy App.
When using Playtime, personal data is collected, processed and used by Adjoe. This is the following information:
Apps installed (including usage time and usage history: about your purchases of services and virtual items within the apps you use and about relevant in-app operations relevant for the calculation of bonuses, such as level-ups).
Playtime usage data (history of clicks in Playtime and launches of the Playtime Partner App).
Device ID (so-called GAID or IDFA) and other technical data of the end device.
The data is connected to your end device via the device ID (so-called GAID or IDFA) and sent to Adjoe's servers in encrypted form.
The processing of the aforementioned data is necessary to be able to recommend, via system messages, the installation of apps available in Playtime that correspond to your interests and to calculate the bonuses earned by using the corresponding apps.
From the aforementioned data, an interest profile is created, which, depending on the type of app you use, may contain personal data requiring special protection (e.g., health-related data or data about your sexual orientation and other data in special categories pursuant to Art. 9[1] GDPR).
For more information about Adjoe's privacy policy, please click here.
If you have any questions or comments about privacy when using Playtime, please feel free to contact Adjoe by mail (adjoe GmbH, An der Alster 42, 20099 Hamburg, Germany) or send them an email at dataprivacy@adjoe.zone.
31.2. Purpose of the processing
Adjoe uses your data to fulfill and process the contract for the use of Playtime. In this context, Adjoe uses your data primarily to calculate and pay out the bonuses you have acquired in the course of using Playtime, to make these bonuses available in the apps you use and to inform you about the apps participating in Playtime. Any use beyond this will only be made on the basis of other legal obligations or permissions, if you have given Adjoe consent, or if the use is made to protect the legitimate interests of adjoe GmbH as the provider of Playtime.
31.3. Legal basis of the processing
We process your data in connection with Adjoe in principle only with your consent. The legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) DSGVO.
Adjoe also processes your data in the USA. In the opinion of the European Court of Justice, there is no adequate level of protection for the transfer of data to the USA. This may give rise to risks within the legality and security of data processing.  As a basis for data processing with recipients located in third countries, Adjoe uses standard contractual clauses (Art. 46. para. 2 DSGVO). These oblige Adjoe to comply with the EU level of data protection when processing your data outside the EU. These clauses are based on an implementing decision of the EU Commission.
31.4. Duration of the processing
Adjoe generally retains your data for as long as is necessary to provide the Services.
Adjoe will retain your personal data only for as long as we need it to fulfill the contract to use Playtime, to fulfill your requests, or to protect the legitimate interests they collected your personal data to fulfill, or as permitted or required by law:
As long as you participate in the use of Playtime, Adjoe will store and process your personal data for the duration of your use of Playtime until you terminate your use or request Adjoe to delete your data;
As long as you create a user account for Adjoe's services, Adjoe will store and process your personal data for the duration of your use of Playtime until you terminate it or request Adjoe to delete your data;
If you send Adjoe a request, they will process your personal data for the duration of the processing of your request.
When Adjoe no longer needs your personal data, they will delete it from their systems and records or anonymize it so that it can no longer be identified.
Where Adjoe's server logs also automatically log your IP address, this is done solely to ensure the security of Adjoe's systems or for fraud prevention purposes, and the IP address is automatically deleted after 30 days at the latest.
Revoking your consent and terminating your use of Playtime is possible at any time with effect for the future and can be directed to adjoe GmbH via email to dataprivacy@adjoe.zone.
Special fees (beyond the usual transmission fees of your telephone or internet provider or letter postage) do not apply for the revocation of consent. In the event of revocation, your data will be deleted from the Playtime database; if deletion is not possible, blocking will take place instead of deletion. Further use by Playtime is no longer possible after the revocation of your consent.
D. Rights of the data subject
If your personal data is processed, you are a data subject as defined in the GDPR and you have the following rights against us, the entity in charge (unless already stated above under section II in connection with the respective processing of your data):
1. Right to information
In accordance with Article 15 GDPR, you can request a confirmation from the entity in charge as to whether personal data about you is being processed by us.
If such processing exists, you can request the following information from the entity in charge:
the purposes for which the personal data is used;
the categories of personal data being processed;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data concerning you has been or will be disclosed;
the planned duration of the storage of the personal data concerning you or, if no concrete information on this is available, criteria for determining the storage period;
the existence of a right to rectification or deletion of the personal data concerning you, a right to the restriction of processing by the entity in charge, or a right to object to such processing;
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
all available information about the origin of the data, if the personal data is not being collected from the data subject;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, in accordance with Article 22 (1) and (4) GDPR and – at least in these cases – meaningful information about the logic involved as well as the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject.
You have the right to request information as to whether the personal data concerning you is being transmitted to a third country or an international organization. In this context, you can request to be informed about the appropriate safeguards in accordance with Article 46 GDPR in connection with the transfer.
2. Right to rectification
In accordance with Article 16 GDPR, you have the right to the rectification and/or completion of your data against the entity in charge, insofar as the processed personal data concerning you is incorrect or incomplete. The entity in charge must immediately carry out the rectification.
3. Right to restriction of processing
Under the following conditions, in accordance with Article 18, you can request the restriction of the processing of the personal data concerning you:
if you contest the accuracy of the personal data concerning you for a period of time which enables the entity in charge to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
if the processing is unlawful and you reject the deletion of the personal data and instead request the restriction of the use of the personal data;
if the entity in charge no longer requires the personal data for the purposes of the processing but you need it for the assertion, exercise, or defense of legal claims, or
if you have lodged an objection to the processing in accordance with Article 21 (1) GDPR and it isn’t clear yet whether the legitimate reasons of the entity in charge outweigh your reasons.
If the processing of personal data concerning you has been restricted, this data – apart from its storage – may only be processed with your consent or for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims, or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person, or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or a member state.
If the restriction of processing was restricted in accordance with the above conditions, the entity in charge will inform you before the restriction is lifted.
4. Right to deletion
4.1. Obligation to delete
From the entity in charge, you can demand that the personal data concerning you be deleted immediately; the entity in charge is then obligated to delete this data immediately, provided one of the following reasons applies:
The personal data concerning you is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed.
You revoke your consent on which the processing is based in accordance with Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR or Article 9 (2) (a) GDPR and there is no other legal basis for the processing.
You object to the processing in accordance with Article 21 (1) GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate reasons for the processing, or you object to the processing in accordance with Article 21 (2) GDPR.
The personal data concerning you was processed unlawfully.
The deletion of the personal data concerning you is required to comply with a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the member states which the entity in charge is subject to.
The personal data concerning you has been processed in relation to services offered by the Information Society in accordance with Article 8 (1) GDPR.
4.2. Information to third parties
If the entity in charge has made the personal data concerning you public and if it is obligated to delete it in accordance with Article 17 (1) GDPR, it will take appropriate measures – taking into account the available technology and the implementation costs, including those of technical nature – to inform the entities in charge of data processing which are processing the personal data that you, as the data subject, request the deletion of all links to this personal data or of copies or replications of this personal data.
4.3. Exceptions
The right to deletion does not exist, in particular, to the extent that the processing is necessary
to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information;
to comply with a legal obligation which requires the processing under Union law or the law of member states to which the entity in charge is subject, or to perform a task carried out in the public interest, or in the exercise of official authority which the entity in charge was entrusted with;
for reasons of public interest in the area of public health, in accordance with Article 9 (2) (h) and (i) GDPR as well as Article 9 (3) GDPR;
for the assertion, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
5. Right to information
If you have asserted the right to rectification, deletion, or restriction of processing against the entity in charge, this entity in charge, in accordance with Article 19 GDPR, is obligated to notify all recipients to whom the personal data concerning you has been disclosed of this rectification or deletion of the data or restriction of processing, unless this proves impossible or involves a disproportionate effort.
You have the right to be informed about these recipients by the entity in charge.
6. Right to data portability
In accordance with Article 20 GDPR, you have the right to obtain the personal data concerning you which you made available to the entity in charge in a structured, standard, and machine-readable format. You also have the right to transfer this data to another entity in charge without hindrance by the entity in charge to which the personal data was made available, provided that
the processing is based on consent in accordance with Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR or Article 9 (2) (a) GDPR or an agreement in accordance with Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR and
the processing takes place with the help of automated procedures.
In exercising this right, you also have the right to have the personal data concerning you be transferred directly from one entity in charge to another entity in charge, where this is technically feasible. This may not impair the freedoms and rights of other persons.
The right to data portability does not apply to the processing of personal data that is necessary to perform a task carried out in the public interest, or in the exercise of official authority which the entity in charge was entrusted with.
7. Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Without affecting any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement, pursuant to Article 77 GDPR, if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes the GDPR.
The competent supervisory authority for the controller is:
State Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information of North Rhine-Westphalia
Kavalleriestr. 2-4
40213 Düsseldorf
Telephone: 0211/38424-0
Fax: 0211/38424-10
Email: poststelle@ldi.nrw.de
Website:
https://www.ldi.nrw.de/
For more information on the respective responsibilities, activities and data processing by the supervisory authority, please refer to their information in this regard, e.g. at
https://www.ldi.nrw.de/
.
The
supervisory authority
to which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the complainant of the status and outcome of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy under Article 78 GDPR.
8. information about your right to object according to Art. 21 GDPR
Individual right of objection
You have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of personal data concerning you which is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1)(e) or (f) of the GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
If we use personal data for the purpose of direct marketing, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you for the purpose of such marketing; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is related to such direct marketing.
If you object to the processing for the purpose of direct advertising, the personal data will no longer be processed for these purposes.
If you object, we will no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
Recipients of an objection
The objection can be made informally by stating your name, address and date of birth and should be addressed to:
support@lootboy.com
(for the attention of our data protection officer, if applicable).
In the event of revocation of your declaration of consent, we also ask you to contact us using the contact details just provided.
9. Up-to-dateness and amendment of this data protection notice
This data protection notice is currently valid and has the status July 2022.
Due to changes in legal or official requirements or the further development of our services, our website and offers, it may become necessary to change this data protection notice. The current data protection information can be viewed at any time on the website at
https://www.lootboy.com/privacy
and can be printed out.
If you wish, we can also make this data protection information available to you digitally as a PDF document.
E. Data security
To secure your data within the website visit, we use the prevalent SSL method (Secure Socket Layer) in connection with the highest encryption level supported by your browser. As a rule, this is 256-bit encryption.
If your browser does not support 256-bit encryption, we use 128-bit v3 technology instead. You can tell whether an individual page of our website is encrypted by the closed key or lock symbol in the lower status bar of your browser.