WOOPS! LOOKS LIKE YOU’RE USING AN OLD BROWSER.
Unfortunately, our website doesn’t support browsers older than IE8. We highly recommend you upgrade.
About Us
Vision
Careers
Team
Policies
Carbon Reduction
Policies
Privacy Policy
At G2 Speech, we’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website, how we use it and how we keep it secure.
We may change this policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this policy.
Any questions regarding this policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to marketing@g2speech.com or by writing to
G2 Speech UK Ltd.
202 Coppergate House
10 Whites Row
London
E1 7NF
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you use our website, for example, browsing our webpages and when you contact us about products and services, or if you register to receive our newsletters.
G2 Speech uses Google Analytics and Google AdWords and social media plug ins to help improve user experience and interactivity. Google collects information such as your IP address which helps us to gauge how useful information and pages are proving to be to our users. The IP address and web tracking helps by letting us know what you have accessed on our site and when.
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect might include your name, address, job title, organisation name, contact number and email address – this information is only taken when you give specific consent.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
help improve user experience on our website
track statistics and user locations to help gauge an understanding of our audiences
deal with entries into competitions
seek your views or comments on the services and solutions we provide
notify you of changes to our services/products
send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you. These may include information about campaigns, company news, events, offers
process a job application.
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes. Only G2 Speech employees will have access to this information – typically members of the Marketing and Communications and Sales Teams.
Your choices
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or text message unless you have given your prior consent. You can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us by email at:
marketing@g2speech.com
Cookies
When someone visits our website we collect standard Google Analytics internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting this website. We use cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, to count unique and returning visits or page views.
We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be upfront about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Our websites includes social media cookies, including those that enable users who are logged in to the social media service to share content via that service.  These cookies have been made available to help you share interesting content as quickly and simply as possible.
Turning off Cookies
You have a variety of tools to control cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, including browser controls to block and delete cookies and controls from some third-party analytics service providers to opt out of data collection through web beacons and similar technologies. Your browser and other choices may impact your experiences with our products.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but provide controls that allow you to block or delete them. For example, in Microsoft Edge, you can block or delete cookies by clicking Settings > Privacy > Cookies. Instructions for blocking or deleting cookies in other browsers may be available in each browser’s privacy or help documentation.
Copyright
The material on this site is subject to copyright protection of G2 Speech unless otherwise indicated. G2 Speech copyright protected material may be reproduced free of charge in any format or medium for research, private study or for internal circulation within an organisation. This is subject to the material being reproduced accurately and not used in a misleading context. Where any of the G2 Speech copyright items on this site are being republished or copied to others, the source of the material must be identified and the copyright status acknowledged.
The permission to reproduce G2 Speech protected material does not extend to any material on this site that is identified as being the copyright of a third party. Authorisation to reproduce such material must be obtained from the copyright holders.
G2 Speech encourages users to establish hypertext links to the site.
Links Policy
All links from this website are provided for information and convenience only. We cannot accept responsibility for the sites linked to, or the information found there. A link does not imply an endorsement of a site; likewise, not linking to a particular site does not imply lack of endorsement.
You do not have to ask permission to link directly to pages hosted on this site. However, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages must load into the user’s entire window.
Accuracy
Every effort is taken to ensure that the information contained in this website is both accurate and complete.
Availability
We cannot guarantee uninterrupted access to this website, or the sites to which it links. We accept no responsibility for any damages arising from the loss of use of this information.
Intellectual Property
The names, images and logos identifying G2 Speech are the proprietary marks of the company. Copying our logos and any other third party logos accessed via this website is not permitted without the prior approval of the relevant copyright owner.
Virus Protection
We make every effort to check and test material at all stages of production. It is always wise for you to run an anti-virus programme on all material downloaded from the internet. We cannot accept any responsibility for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or your computer system that may occur while using material derived from this website.
GDPR Compliance Statement – G2 Speech UK Ltd

In accordance with the EU Cookie Directive, we’d like to inform you that we use cookies to improve the user experience of this site.
Please read our cookie policy for more information.
We have detected that you're in Ireland
Would you like to go to the IE version of the site?
Yes
No