Privacy policy
Center Health Incorporated (“Center”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy.
Scope of This Policy
This policy (together with our Terms of Use) applies to your use of the
www.center.health
website as well as any other service, media form, media channel, mobile website or mobile application related, linked, or otherwise connected thereto (collectively, the “Services”). By using our Services, you acknowledge that you accept the provisions outlined in this policy.
This policy sets out the basis on which we collect information from you when you visit or sign up to use our Services, and how this information is used.
Please read this policy carefully and revisit it from time to time to review any changes that may have been made.
Information We May Collect From You
We may collect and process the following information about you:
Information submitted by you.
You may give us information by filling in forms in our Services, by corresponding with us, or by connecting Center to third party services including Apple Health. This includes information provided when you register or subscribe to our Services, and may include: - Your full name, gender, photograph, address, email address, phone number, username, password and other registration information, financial and credit card information. - Health and well-being related information (including, but not limited to age, height, weight, diabetes type, blood glucose readings, insulin readings, meals, and other sensitive medical information including, but not limited to, current and previous treatment methods, type of glucose meter, insulin pump continuous glucose monitor and exercise devices used).
Information about you and your device.
Each time you visit our Services we may automatically collect the following information: - IP address, traffic data, location data, and pages requested.
Location information.
We may also determine your current location for the purpose of establishing time zone.
Information received from third party sources.
We work with third parties (including, for example, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, analytics providers and credit reference agencies) from whom we may receive information about you.
Cookies
Cookies store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to our Services. A cookie does not provide us with any personal information. You can remove or block cookies at any time, however cookies help us to provide you with a good experience when using our Services.
Please visit the
ICO’s website
for further information on cookies and advice on how to disable or enable them.
How We May Use Your Information
Where we collect personal information, we will primarily use it for administration and to tailor our Services to fit your needs:
Information including name, email, phone number, SMS, and password may be used to authenticate you, contact you, and securely store your information;
Payment information may be used to process orders and manage your account;
Health and well-being related information may be displayed to you in our Services, and analysed to determine additional information that you may find useful, such as potential trends and calculations;
Health information such as treatment and device preferences may also be used to tailor the way our Services are displayed, for example to prioritise information more relevant to managing type 2 diabetes versus type 1 diabetes;
We may use your information to determine which amendments should be made to the Services and prioritise the development of new features and products.
We may use your information for marketing purposes including sending you product updates and offers, including through email and SMS. You may opt out of these communications at any time from within our Services, or by contacting us at
yourfriends@center.health
. Center will not use information submitted from Apple Health for marketing purposes.
Center will not share your data with third parties for marketing purposes.
We may however disclose your personal information to third parties:
If we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your information to the prospective seller or buyer;
If Center or substantially all of its assets are acquired, in which case personal data held by it about customers will be one of the transferred assets;
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or request;
In order to enforce or apply our
Terms of Use
and other agreements or to investigate potential breaches; or
In order to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of credit risk reduction and fraud protection.
Security of Personal Information
We take the security of your personal information seriously and implement a variety of security measures to protect your data against unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or disclosure:
Encryption.
We use industry-standard encryption technologies to safeguard your data during transmission and storage. Sensitive information, such as health data and payment details, is encrypted using robust algorithms.
Access Controls.
Access to personal data is restricted to authorized personnel only. We enforce strict access controls and regularly review access permissions.
Data Minimization.
We limit the collection and processing of personal data to what is necessary for the purposes outlined in this policy.
Secure Hosting.
Our Services are hosted in secure facilities with comprehensive physical security measures and redundancy protocols.
Storage of Personal Information
Where you have a password enabling you to access certain parts of our Services, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential. You need to prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer, mobile device, and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, the transmission of information via the Internet is not 100% secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Services. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of your information at any time. Any transmission is at your own risk.
Please be advised the Services are hosted in the Republic of Ireland. If you access the Services from the United States, European Union, Asia, or any other region of the World with laws or other requirements governing personal data collection, use, or disclosure that differ from applicable laws in the Republic of Ireland, then through your continued use of the Services, you are transferring your data to the Republic of Ireland, and you expressly consent to have your data transferred to and processed in the Republic of Ireland.
Further, we do not knowingly accept, request, or solicit information from children or knowingly market to children. Therefore, in accordance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, if we receive actual knowledge that anyone under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us without the requisite and verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from the Services as quickly as is reasonably practical.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process certain personal information, which can be exercised at any time by contacting us at
yourfriends@center.health
. Certain information is required for the provision of our Services, such that deletion may make this provision impossible.
You are able to view your data within the Center Health app and have the right to request data to be deleted any time. You may delete certain data yourself from the app, and may further request the deletion of all of your data by contacting us. You may contact us to delete your data at yourfriends@center.health, or via the chat icon in the upper right corner of the app.
You are not able to opt out of communications regarding the status of your account, without cancelling the account.
If you follow any links contained on our Services to other websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility for these policies or for personal information that may be collected through these websites. Please check the relevant privacy policies before submitting any information to these websites.
Changes to This Policy
Any changes to this policy will, where appropriate, be notified to you. You may be required to read and accept the new terms to continue your use of the Services. By continuing to use the Services you agree to be bound by the Privacy Policy as amended.
If you have any questions regarding this policy or our Services, please contact us at
yourfriends@center.health