Skip to content
Industries We Support
Real Estate
Legal
Recruitment
Finance
Corporate Services
Services We Offer
ID checks
AML checks
Know Your Business
Source of Funds
PEPS and Sanctions screening
Right to Rent checks
KYC checks
Right to Work checks
Support
Overview
Sales Enquiry
App Users
FAQs
About Us
News and Updates
Client Portal
Get in touch
+44 (0)29 2010 2555
support@credas.com
The Maltings,
East Tyndall Street,
Cardiff, CF24 5EA
App privacy notice 5.0
Introduction
This App Privacy Notice (together with our Terms and Conditions which can be read
here
(“
Terms
”) applies to your use of:
Credas Technologies Ltd web application software and/or Credas Technologies Ltd mobile application software (“
App”
).
Any of the services accessible through the App (“
Services”
).
Version
Version
Date
Amendment
1.0
22/05/2018
Initial notice
2.0
03/07/2020
Expansion to be compliant with GDPR
3.0
26/07/2021
Change of Data Protection Officer
3.1
25/02/2022
Data retention information
4.0
31/08/2022
Addition of Fair Processing Notice for fraud prevention agencies
Removal of LexisNexis Risk Solutions UK as a Data Provider
5.0
12/07/2023
Clarification on the processing / storage of biometric data
Who we are
Credas Technologies Ltd (referred to as “
Credas
“, “
We
“, “
Us
” or “
Our
” in this notice) is responsible for the App and Services.
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO). If you have any questions about this privacy notice, please contact them at
dpo@credas.com
.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues, however We would always appreciate the opportunity to resolve any issue you may have with the App or Services in the first instance.
The purpose of the App is to help customers (“
Customers
”) provide Services to their clients (“
you
” or “
End User
”) and to enable you to upload, access, collect, retain and amend your data quickly and securely.
The data We collect about you
We will collect different data from you for different purposes:
As a processor when We are asked by a Company to process specific checks on you on their behalf (“
Verification Checks
”).
As a controller to administer and protect Our business, App and Sites including troubleshooting, data analysis and system testing.
The categories of data which We may collect are as follows:
Contact
Content
Financial
Identity
Profile
Usage
Email address
Document
Bank account
Biometric (selfie)
Feedback
Device
Postal address
Photo
Credit check
Date of birth
Password
IP address
Tel. number
Text
Transactional
Directorship
Preferences
System
Job title
Name
The above categories of data may change to reflect additional services offered by Us from time to time. We will amend this policy from time to time to reflect such additional services.
Special Category Data We may collect about you
If you are using the App for identity verification (facial verification), this is classed as Special Category Data as it includes biometric data.
The biometric data will be used to determine the likeness between your ‘selfie’ and your photo identity document. This determination will be completed by our data supplier (GB Group Plc) who will retain the biometric data for 30 days before it is automatically erased. This retention period allows for any queries to be raised but is not unduly long due to it being Special Category Data. We will retain the ‘selfie’ (but not the biometric mapping) for as long as required by our client, the Data Controller, so that they might identify you, as their customer.
Under data protection laws We require your explicit consent to process Special Category Data, which will be provided by you in the registration process. If you do not provide your consent for Us to process this data, We may not be able to carry out the Verification Check.
How your personal data is collected
We may collect and process your data using different methods:
Information you give Us:
This is information you consent to giving Us about you by using the App and Services.
Information We receive from others:
This is information given to Us by the Company or information We receive from our Data Providers when carrying out a Verification Check on behalf of the Company. Our current Data Providers are: Companies House; GB Group Plc; Cifas. We may update this list from time to time.
How We use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows Us to do so. Most commonly We will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Consent:
where you have consented before the processing
Contract:
where We need to perform a contract We have with the Company that has requested that you use Our App
Legitimate Interests:
where it is necessary for Our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests
Purposes for which We will use your personal data
This table identifies the purposes for processing types of personal data and confirms in which situations we are acting as a data controller or processor of such data. The range of data we collect will be dependent on the Services requested by the Company.
Purpose
Data
Lawful basis for processing
Controller/Processor
To administer and protect Our business, App and Sites including troubleshooting, data analysis and system testing
Contact
Identity
Usage
Legitimate Interests
Controller
Verification Check(s)
Contact
Content
Financial
Identity
Consent
Contract
Processor
Disclosures of your personal data
When you consent to providing Us with your personal data, you also consent for Us to share your personal data with the third parties set out below:
Service providers acting as processors based in based in England and Wales to provide IT and system administration services (e.g. Microsoft).
Professional advisers acting as processors including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in based in England and Wales to provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue and Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in England and Wales who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Third parties to whom We may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of Our business or Our assets. Alternatively, We may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to Our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
Data Providers.
Fraud prevention agencies
The personal information we have collected from you will be shared with fraud prevention agencies who will use it to prevent fraud and money-laundering and to verify your identity. If fraud is detected, you could be refused certain services, finance, or employment. Further details of how your information will be used by us and these fraud prevention agencies, and your data protection rights, can be found
here
.
International transfers
We do not transfer your personal data outside the United Kingdom.
Data security
All information you provide to Us is stored on secure servers situated in the United Kingdom.
No images are stored locally on your device. All communication between our App and the servers is carried out over secure connections, and data is encrypted during transit and at rest.
We perform ongoing automated penetration to ensure that the App is secure.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator when We are legally required to do so.
Data retention
The data controller (the Customer) decides the retention period for data We process. We shall retain the data until such a time as We are told to delete or anonymise the data; whether that be by explicit instruction by the Controller or contractual obligation.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
Your right of access
You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information. This right always applies. There are some exemptions, which means you may not always receive all the information we process.
You can read more about this right here.
Your right to rectification
You have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete. This right always applies.
Your right to erasure
You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to restriction of processing
You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances.
Your right to object to processing
You have the right to object to processing if we are able to process your information because the process forms part of our public tasks, or is in our legitimate interests.
Your right to data portability
This only applies to information you have given us. You have the right to ask that we transfer the information you gave us from one organisation to another, or give it to you. The right only applies if we are processing information based on your consent or under, or in talks about entering into a contract and the processing is automated.
You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. We have one month to respond to you.
Please contact the Customer if you wish to make a request.
Lawful Basis
Legitimate Interest
Usage category data is required in order to troubleshoot any issues encountered (e.g. operating system version is not supported) and/or to inform product development (e.g. user preference of web app over mobile app).
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Manage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the ...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
Cookie
Duration
Description
cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement
1 year
Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category .
cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional
11 months
The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-others
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".
CookieLawInfoConsent
1 year
Records the default button state of the corresponding category & the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie.
viewed_cookie_policy
11 months
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Cookie
Duration
Description
_ga
2 years
The _ga cookie, installed by Google Analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors.
_gat_UA-77550291-23
1 minute
A variation of the _gat cookie set by Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager to allow website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. The pattern element in the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to.
_gcl_au
3 months
Provided by Google Tag Manager to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services.
_gid
1 day
Installed by Google Analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. Some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Cookie
Duration
Description
IDE
1 year 24 days
Google DoubleClick IDE cookies are used to store information about how the user uses the website to present them with relevant ads and according to the user profile.
test_cookie
15 minutes
The test_cookie is set by doubleclick.net and is used to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Top