Home
/
Disclaimers and disclosures
/
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
1. Your privacy matters to us
This privacy policy aims to provide you with the information you need to understand how the entities of Australian Retirement Trust deal with your personal information. The policy applies to the Australian Retirement Trust entities, which include:
Australian Retirement Trust Pty Ltd – ABN 88 010 720 840 (formerly Sunsuper Pty Ltd) as trustee of Australian Retirement Trust (ABN 60 905 115 063) (formerly QSuper), and as an employer;
Precision Administration Services Pty Ltd (ABN 47 098 977 667) (‘Precision’) as a provider of superannuation administration services, and as an employer;
Sunsuper Financial Services Pty Ltd (ABN 50 087 154 818) as a provider of financial advice services;
ART Life Insurance Ltd (ABN 79 607 345 853) as a life insurer;
QInvest Limited (ABN 35 063 511 580) as a provider of financial advice and other services; and
ART People Services Pty Ltd (ABN 90 601 938 774) as an employer.
References to ‘we’, ‘us’, or ‘our’ in this policy are references to Australian Retirement Trust entities.
Precision Administration Services Pty Ltd (ABN 47 098 977 667) has its own
Privacy Policy
that relates to the clearing house products it issues including
Beam
.
This policy focuses on our members but applies generally to the following individuals:
Members and prospective members of Australian Retirement Trust
Beneficiaries (including potential beneficiaries), individuals identified on binding death nominations submitted by members and third parties authorised by members to act on their behalf
Contact persons of employers who pay super to us
Certain associates of our employees, contractors, directors, and committee members
Individuals representing entities dealing with us in a commercial arrangement
Our employees, directors, committee members, and contractors
Individuals applying for jobs with us.
1.1 What laws we must follow
We are subject to the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles.
Other laws require or authorise us to collect your personal information, and/or govern how we deal with this information. These laws include:
Spam Act 2003
Family Law Act 1975
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006
Superannuation (Unclaimed Money and Lost Members) Act 1999
Superannuation Industry (Supervision) Act 1993
Superannuation Guarantee (Administration) Act 1992
Corporations Act 2001
Income Tax Assessment Act 1936
Income Tax Assessment Act 1997
Taxation Administration Act 1953.
1.2 Updates to this policy
This policy may be updated from time to time. The most recent policy will be made available on our websites.
This version of our policy was published 28 January 2025.
2. What is personal information?
Under the Privacy Act, personal information means information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether the information or opinion is true or not, and whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not.
Personal information includes sensitive information. Sensitive information is any personal information about your racial or ethnic origin; political opinions; membership of a political association; religious beliefs or affiliations; philosophical beliefs; membership of a professional or trade association; membership of a trade union; sexual preferences or practices; criminal record; or health, genetic, or biometric information.
2.1 Personal information we collect about you
We may collect and hold a variety of personal information and data about you, including:
Your name, date of birth, contact details, and gender
Your residency and citizenship status
Your identification documents
Your tax file number (TFN)
Your current and former employment details, including occupation, and employment arrangement
Information about your super benefits, and financial information such as salary, contributions history, banking details, and your applications for benefit payments
Information about your spouse, dependants, and/or beneficiaries for death benefit claims
Sensitive information, including health and medical information (i.e. in connection with an insurance application or claim), lifestyle information, and any professional or trade association memberships
Information about your investments, assets and liabilities, expenses, estate planning, insurances, income, and tax
Information about your family commitments and social security eligibility and entitlements
Family Law information such as financial agreements or court orders.
The types of personal information we collect will depend on the dealings you have with us. We only collect and hold personal information to look after our members and their super, to provide you with benefits and services including advice services, to improve our services and offerings, and to run our super fund.
3. For what purposes do we collect your personal information?
We collect, hold, use and disclose your information to do things like:
Set up your account
Invest your money
Properly identify you, your beneficiaries, or any agents acting on your behalf
Provide you with insurance or assess an insurance claim
Pay your superannuation or insurance benefits to you or your beneficiaries
Comply with the law
Provide you with advice
Conduct research to improve our products and services
Directly market our products and services to you, including through social media and other digital platforms
Assess your job application
Run our super fund.
We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which it was collected, for related purposes, in order to comply with the law, or for another purpose only with your consent.
3.1 Direct marketing
We may also collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information to provide you with information and offers about our products and services and products and services offered by other parties that we believe may be of interest to you (including by way of direct mail, telephone, email, SMS and MMS, our secure portals, and online advertising and marketing) or to request your feedback for research purposes. We ensure that this activity is in accordance with the Spam Act and Privacy Act.
We engage third party service providers to assist us with delivering direct marketing via various channels, including through social media and other digital platforms. We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is protected when disclosing information to these third parties. Sometimes, we may de-identify your information before disclosing it to third parties to facilitate our marketing activities.
We may also use your personal details to send you information about super, seminars or events, financial planning, and other products and services we think you might be interested in. If you don’t want to receive promotional material or participate in market research, please update your contact preferences in Member Online or contact us to let us know.
You always have the right to opt out of receiving direct marketing. You may exercise that right by contacting us as set out below in section 8 or by using the relevant opt-out facilities provided with each communication (e.g. an unsubscribe link). To opt out of online targeted advertising through third parties we have engaged, see our
Cookie Policy
.
3.2 Insights
We may collect, hold, use or disclose information about you in order to enable the development of consumer insights so that we can serve you better. This includes being able to better understand your preferences and interests, personalise your experience and enhance the products and services you receive. This may include combining the information that we hold about you with information about you collected from or held by other trusted partners or from public sources. We may also use trusted service providers to undertake the process of creating these consumer insights. Before disclosing your information for consumer insights purposes, we will generally remove any information that may identify you to the service provider.
4. When we share your personal information
Sometimes we may give your information to other people, including:
A person you have authorised to act on your behalf (e.g. your power of attorney, trustee, or financial adviser)
Between the entities of Australian Retirement Trust
Our service providers and advisers (e.g. our insurers, IT services and support, mail and electronic mail service providers, research and data analysis services, auditors)
Direct marketing service providers
Medical, health, and wellbeing professionals in connection with an insurance claim
Legal bodies (e.g. court, police, regulators such as ASIC or AUSTRAC)
Government agencies (e.g. Centrelink, WorkCover, ATO, Department of Veterans’ Affairs)
International agencies with your consent (e.g. a KiwiSaver fund)
Other organisations (e.g. your employer, other super funds where you are transferring into or out of our fund).
Any other person where we are required by law (e.g. your spouse, or former spouse subject to an arrangement under the Family Law Act).
We only disclose your personal information if it is necessary for the purpose the information is being used for, if you have consented to it, or if it is authorised by law.
4.1 Sharing personal information overseas
Some third-party service providers we share your information with may be located or have operations overseas. Overseas countries where we may disclose your personal information include the United States, Ireland, the Netherlands, France, Canada, New Zealand, Malaysia, Singapore, Hong Kong, India, Czech Republic, the United Kingdom, and the Philippines.
5. How we collect your personal information
We will generally collect your personal information directly from you, your authorised representatives, or your employer. We do collect some information from other third parties such as the ATO and publicly available sources. Situations where we collect your information include:
When we receive superannuation payment and other mandatory data sent by your employer, another super fund, or the ATO
When you (or a third party you have authorised to act on your behalf) visit our website, log in to
Member Online or call us for information or financial advice and we may record the call and store the information provided in these interactions
When you submit forms or applications to us
If you make an insurance claim, we collect information from you, and may collect information from health professionals, your employer, and other third parties service providers
If you apply for insurance subject to underwriting, we collect information from you, and may collect information from health professionals
If you attend an event that we sponsor, your information may be provided to us by the event organisers with your consent for marketing and research purposes
In the event you are involved in family law matters, we may receive information and instruction from solicitors or the Federal Circuit and Family Court of Australia.
We only collect and hold your personal information if it is necessary, if you have consented to it, or if it is authorised by law.
5.1 Cookies
Our websites use “cookies” to provide a number of services to you. A cookie is a piece of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer. Cookies generally allow the website to interact more efficiently with your computer. Usually, you can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, so that you can decide whether to accept it. You may also be able to set your browser to turn off cookies. However, sometimes not accepting a cookie may affect your use of our website. We sometimes use cookies to monitor which pages on our website you visit, to improve our service. View our
Cookie Policy
.
5.2 Do you have to provide your personal information?
Where possible, we may offer you the opportunity to deal with us anonymously or by using a pseudonym. For example, we can provide general information to you about our products or services, or general guidance on how to fill out our forms, without collecting any personal information.
However, it is normally impracticable for us to deal with you anonymously or by using a pseudonym. For example, if you do not provide your personal information to us, we will be unable to properly administer your benefits, notify you about your entitlements, or adequately provide our services.
6. How we hold and protect your personal information
Your personal information may be held on-site at our offices, in secure premises, or in secure information systems (including in the cloud) operated by our service providers. Your information is only accessible by authorised staff, and authorised service providers who are engaged by us to perform specific functions. We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is protected from unauthorised access, disclosure, modification, misuse, or loss. These steps include having:
Privacy and security training for our staff
Building security measures and surveillance
System security measures such as access controls, firewalls, virus scanning, and encryption
Security assessments of service providers, and contract provisions requiring the protection of personal information and restrictions on its use.
6.1 Notifiable data breaches
We must notify the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) and affected individuals if we become aware that there are reasonable grounds to suspect an eligible data breach has occurred. An eligible data breach is generally a data breach that is likely to result in serious harm to one or more individuals. We have policies and procedures in place to identify and assess data breaches and to notify the OAIC if required.
7. Accessing and changing your information
You may request access to any of the personal information we hold about you by contacting us as set out in section 8. We will provide you with access to your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act
.
We strive to ensure the personal information we hold about you is correct and up-to-date. If the information we hold about you is incorrect or out-of-date, please let us know so that we may update this. We may ask you to check the information we hold about you from time to time. We may do this with your annual member statement or when you call us.
8. Enquiries and complaints
You can manage your contact preferences through ART
Member Online
or
QSuper Member Online
, by unsubscribing to any electronic marketing you receive, or by contacting us on
13 11 84
.
If you have any queries or if you believe that we have not managed your personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy, or have otherwise not complied with our obligations under the Privacy Act, you may contact us or lodge a complaint with us by the following means:
Call
:
13 11 84
(Australian Retirement Trust) or 1300 360 750 (QSuper)
Email
: Contact
Australian Retirement Trust
or
QSuper
Mail
:
Privacy Enquiries and Complaints
Australian Retirement Trust Pty Ltd
GPO Box 2924
Brisbane QLD 4001
If you make a privacy complaint, we will endeavour to respond and resolve the issue as quickly as possible. If you are not happy with our response, or we have not responded within 30 days, you can refer your complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) by:
Mail
:
GPO Box 5288,
Sydney NSW 2001
Fax
: +61 2 6123 5145
Submit an online form
For information or enquiries, you can call the OAIC at
1300 363 992
View full detail about making a complaint to the OAIC
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.australianretirementtrust.com.au/employers/pay-super-online/precision-privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to footer
Main region
1. Overview
Precision Administration Services Pty Ltd (“Precision”, “We”), (ABN 47 098 977 667, AFSL No. 246604) is wholly owned by Australian Retirement Trust Pty Ltd (ABN 88 010 720 840) (formerly Sunsuper Pty Ltd) as Trustee for Australian Retirement Trust (ABN 60 905 115 063) (formerly QSuper) ("Australian Retirement Trust"). Precision owns and operates “Beam” which comprises a clearing house product, a Single Touch Payroll (STP) reporting service, and a super fund onboarding service, and “Australian Retirement Trust Clearing House” (formerly “Sunsuper clearing house”), a clearing house product.
At Precision we aim to provide our customers with the best possible service and in doing so we are committed to protecting
their employees’ privacy (including the privacy of MPSP employer clients and their employees), and
the security of personal information we receive and have access to in providing services to our customers.
We are subject to the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (‘the Privacy Act’) and the Australian Privacy Principles (‘APPs’). We are required under the Privacy Act to have an up-to-date privacy policy with information about how Precision collects, uses and manages personal information, including personal information collected via our website. This policy describes how we will comply with our obligations under the Privacy Act and the APPs and manage the personal information we collect.
This policy applies to the interactions of employers and managed payroll service providers who provide payroll services to multiple employer clients (MPSPs) and their employees with Precision, and services provided by Precision, in relation to its products and services. It does not relate to any interactions or services provided by Precision in its capacity as a superannuation administration service for Australian Retirement Trust. Any interactions that employers and MPSPs (or individual employees who are Australian Retirement Trust members) have with Australian Retirement Trust and Precision in regards to superannuation administration, are subject to the Australian Retirement Trust Privacy Policy available here:
https://www.australianretirementtrust.com.au/disclaimers-and-disclosures/privacy-policy
You should note that the Australian Retirement Trust and the Beam websites contain links and references to other websites to which neither Australian Retirement Trust nor Precision’s privacy policy applies. You should review the privacy policy of each of those websites and assess whether those policies are acceptable to you before you use those websites.
2. What does ‘personal information’ mean?
“Personal information” means information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable.
Personal information includes ‘sensitive information’. Sensitive information is any personal information about an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious beliefs or affiliations, philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional or trade association, membership of a trade union, sexual preferences or practices, criminal record, or health, genetic or biometric information.
3. What personal information do we collect?
When dealing with Precision in relation to clearing house products, STP reporting, and/or super fund onboarding services, the types of personal information that Precision may require and collect include:
employer and MPSP (and MPSP employer client) contact details and Australian Business Number.
employees’ (or in the case MPSP clients, their employees’ and their employer clients’ employees’):
contact details, date of birth, gender, occupation, salary information, employer and employment history;
Tax File Number; and
salary and wages, allowances, deductions (for example, workplace giving) and other payments, pay as you go (PAYG) withholding and superannuation information.
employer and MPSP (and MPSP employer client) bank account or other financial institution details.
4. For what purposes will we use your personal information?
We collect, hold, use and disclose personal information in order to administer the clearing house, including passing information to superannuation funds to facilitate the allocation of superannuation contributions, quality assurance and reporting and related services, including for the following purposes:
Employer and MPSP (and MPSP employer client) identification details are used to process an application, manage participation via the clearing house and related systems, process superannuation contributions through the clearing house and to ensure that we comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
employees’ (for MPSPs, their employees’ and their employer clients’ employees’) Tax File Numbers are collected in order to accept all types of contributions and to ensure superannuation is taxed correctly.
Individuals’ identification details are used to register attendance at events and seminars, when they enter into competitions, and to provide them with information about important changes to the clearing house and related services.
We may also use personal information for any purpose:
for which the personal information was originally collected, or where the individual has consented;
for enforcement related activities conducted by, or on behalf of, an enforcement body; or
which is authorised or required by a court/tribunal order or an Australian law.
We also collect, hold, use and disclose employees’ (for MPSPs, their employees’ and their employer clients’ employees’) personal information in order to provide STP reporting and/or super fund onboarding services, to help employers meet their ATO reporting and superannuation obligations.
We may also collect, hold, use and disclose personal information
(being contact details for employers who use Australian Retirement Trust clearing house and Beam’s clearing house product, and for people using Australian Retirement Trust clearing house and Beam’s clearing house product on behalf of employers, including MPSPs)
to provide employers with information about our products and services and products offered by other parties that we believe may be of interest to you (including by way of direct mail, telephone, email, SMS and MMS, secure online portals, and online advertising and marketing) or to request your feedback for research purposes. You always have the right to opt-out of receiving such information. You may exercise that right by contacting us as set out below in section 14.
5. How do we collect and hold personal information?
Precision will generally collect personal information about an individual as much as possible directly from that individual. In providing clearing house products, STP reporting and super fund onboarding services to individual employers and MPSPs, Precision will collect personal information about employees from the employers and from MPSPs. On occasion, we may collect personal information from publicly available sources of information and from other third parties. Examples of other third parties we may collect personal information about an individual from include:
If we cannot contact an individual we may try to obtain their contact details through other organisations that provide contact details such as Australia Post and the Australian Taxation Office.
We may also collect personal information about individuals from direct marketing organisations and data providers.
We only collect ‘sensitive information’ if the individual has consented to the collection of the information and the sensitive information is reasonably necessary for one or more of our functions or activities, or if the collection of sensitive information is authorised or required by a court/tribunal order or an Australian law, including the relevant Australian Laws set out in Appendix A.
We will also collect from employers and MPSPs personal information about their employees (for MPSPs, their employees’ and their employer clients’ employees’) in order to facilitate the payment of superannuation contributions.
Personal information collected may be held on-site at our offices, in secure premises, or in secure information systems, including information systems operated by our service providers. Personal information is only accessible by authorised staff, and authorised service providers who are engaged by us to perform specific functions. We take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is protected from unauthorised access, disclosure, modification, misuse, or loss.
6. Who do we disclose your personal information to?
As set out in sections 4 and 5 above, there are a range of people and organisations we disclose personal information to and collect personal information from. Some examples of the parties to whom we may disclose personal information include:
Australian Retirement Trust
An employee’s employer, and/or the employer’s MPSP.
Mail and electronic mail service providers for communication and other information.
Legal advisers and other experts.
Regulatory authorities and legal bodies as required by law (e.g. Australian Taxation Office, the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC), Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA) or a Court or tribunal).
Auditors – in order to assist them in conducting their independent audit and review activities of Precision’s financial statements and operations.
Other third party service providers so that they can provide contracted services to Precision such as information technology support, hosting services, telephony services, mailing or sending other documentation.
We may also share personal information about an individual with an organisation where we have obtained the individual’s consent to do so.
7. Notifiable data breaches
Under the Privacy Act, the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) and affected individual(s) must be notified of certain data breaches. Notification is generally required where:
there is unauthorised access to, unauthorised disclosure, or loss of personal information;
this is likely to result in serious harm to one or more individuals; and
the likely risk of serious harm has not been able to be prevented with remedial action.
Where Precision holds personal information, and there is unauthorised access to, unauthorised disclosure, or loss of this information, we will investigate. If serious harm is likely, and we are unable to prevent the likely risk of serious harm with remedial action, we will notify the OAIC and affected individuals. In limited circumstances, we may agree with a third party that the required notification will be made by the third party.
You can find more information about notifiable data breaches on the OAIC website at
www.oaic.gov.au
.
8. Do we disclose your personal information overseas?
Precision will only disclose personal information to a recipient overseas in accordance with the Privacy Act. Circumstances in which we will do this may include where:
the individual has asked us to or we have their consent to do so; OR
we have engaged an overseas provider; and
the overseas provider has agreed to comply with the Australian Privacy Principles or we reasonably believe that the overseas provider is subject to a law or binding scheme that protects the information in a way that is substantially similar to the way the information is protected under the Privacy Act and the Australian Privacy Principles, and there are mechanisms individuals can access to take action to enforce that protection; OR
the disclosure is required or authorised by or under an Australian law or a court/tribunal order.
In order to provide clearing house products, STP reporting and super fund onboarding services, Precision does not currently disclose personal information to any overseas recipients.
9. Do you have to provide your personal information to us?
If lawful and practicable, we offer individuals the opportunity to deal with us anonymously or by using a pseudonym. For example, we can provide general information to employers and MPSPs about clearing house products, STP reporting and super fund onboarding services, or general guidance on how to fill out our forms without collecting any personal information.
However, in order to provide clearing house products, STP reporting and super fund onboarding services it is normally impracticable for us to deal with individuals anonymously or by using a pseudonym. For example if you are an employer and do not provide employee personal information to us, Precision will be unable to provide clearing house products, STP reporting and super fund onboarding services to you.
10. Can you access the personal information we hold about you?
Individuals may request access to any of the personal information we hold about them by contacting us as set out below in section 14. A summary of personal information that we hold such as an individual’s name and contact details, is available to the individual upon request. We will provide individuals with access to their personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act and the APPs. Under the Privacy Act and the APPs we can deny access to some or all of the personal information requested by an individual in specified circumstances, and will provide reasons for any refusal in writing.
11. Can you correct any personal information held by us that is incorrect?
Precision endeavours to ensure that the personal information we hold about individuals is accurate, up-to-date, complete, and relevant. Please let us know if you believe any of the personal information we hold is incorrect by contacting us as set out below in section 14.
To ensure that the information we hold remains accurate, complete and up to date, we may ask individuals to check and correct their personal details from time to time. We may do this, when they make a telephone enquiry, or through other means.
12. How do we protect your personal information?
Precision has security policies and systems in place to protect the personal information we hold. We implement multiple layers of security controls throughout our systems so that in the event that one control fails, or a vulnerability is exploited, there are other measures still in place to protect personal information.
The people who handle personal information have the training and skills to protect personal information from unauthorised access or misuse.
Our websites use industry standard security protocols to protect the personal information disclosed to us through our online facilities. Precision uses encryption to provide more secure communications when transmitting personal information in connection with its services. In addition, when an employer or MPSP signs up to use our products and services they must read and accept terms and conditions relating to privacy and security.
Employers and MPSPs can review the Terms and Conditions in the relevant PDS and/or website – contact us or your payroll software provider for an up-to-date copy.
13. Cookies
The Precision website uses “cookies” to provide a number of services to website users. A cookie is a piece of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer. Cookies generally allow the website to interact more efficiently with your computer. Usually you can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie so that you can decide whether to accept it. You may also be able to set your browser to turn off cookies. However, sometimes not accepting a cookie may affect your use of our website(s). We sometimes use cookies to monitor which pages on our website(s) you visit, in order to improve our service.
14. Who should you contact if you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy?
If you have any queries you can contact us by the following means:
Call:
1800 572 154
Email:
support@beamconnect.com.au
Mail:
Privacy Enquiries and Complaints
Precision Administration Services Pty Ltd
GPO Box 2924
Brisbane Qld 4001
15. Can you complain about a breach of your privacy?
If you believe that we have not protected your personal information as set out in this privacy policy you may lodge a complaint with us by phone, email, or mail:
Call:
1800 572 154
Email:
complaints@beamconnect.com.au
Mail:
Privacy Enquiries and Complaints
Precision Administration Services Pty Ltd
GPO Box 2924
Brisbane Qld 4001
We will endeavour to resolve the issue as quickly as possible. If we have not resolved your complaint within 21 days, we will write to you about the progress of your complaint.
If you are not happy with Precision’s response to your complaint or Precision has not responded within 30 days, you can refer your complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) by:
the online Privacy Complaint form: located at
https://www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/privacy-complaints
mail: GPO Box 5218, Sydney NSW 2001
fax: +61 2 9284 9666
email:
enquiries@oaic.gov.au
phone:
1300 363 992
Full details about making a complaint to the OAIC can be obtained at
https://www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/privacy-complaints
16. Changes to this privacy policy
This privacy policy may change from time to time. Before providing us with personal information, please check this policy for any changes either at
https://beamconnect.com.au/privacy-policy
or by contacting us as set out above in section 14 to request an up to date copy. This privacy policy was last updated on 17 August 2022.
* Subject to Precision’s approval, Australian Retirement Trust clearing house may be made available to entities who submit contributions on behalf of Australian Retirement Trust participating employers.  In these circumstances:
For entities who submit contributions on behalf of Australian Retirement Trust participating employers, this Privacy Policy applies in the same way as it applies to MPSPs.
For such participating employers, this Privacy Policy applies in the same way as it applies to MPSPs’ employer clients.
For employees of such participating employers, this Privacy Policy applies in the same way as it applies to MPSPs’ employer clients’ employees.
Appendix A
Australian Laws under which Precision is required or authorised to collect information.
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006
Corporations Act 2001
Income Tax Assessment Act 1936
Income Tax Assessment Act 1997
Privacy Act 1988
Superannuation (Unclaimed Money and Lost Members) Act 1999
Superannuation Industry (Supervision) Act 1993
Superannuation Guarantee (Administration) Act 1992
Precision privacy collection notice
Information you provide to Precision will be used for the purpose of administering clearing house products (including passing information to superannuation funds),
quality assurance and reporting,
and/or for the provision of STP reporting and/or super fund onboarding services.
Precision is bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles in its collection and handling of personal information and tax file numbers (TFNs). This information may be disclosed to the relevant super funds (including Australian Retirement Trust) and financial institutions in relation to payments under the clearing house program, and relevant government agencies or as authorised or required by law.  Please refer to section 6 of the Precision Privacy Policy for more details of who we may disclose personal information to.
For employers:
To ensure that your employees are made aware of how we intend to use and disclose personal information collected by Precision in providing clearing house products, STP reporting and super fund onboarding services, we ask that you provide your employees with the following Employee privacy note.
For MPSPs:
To ensure that your employees and your employer clients’ employees are made aware of how we intend to use and disclose personal information collected by Precision in providing the Beam clearing house product, STP reporting and super fund onboarding services, we ask that you:
provide your employees with the following Employee privacy note
require your employer clients to print and provide their employees with the following Employee privacy note.
Employee privacy note:
You should read this Employee Privacy Note in conjunction with the Precision Privacy Policy (if you have been provided with this note by itself the Precision Privacy Policy can be accessed at
https://beamconnect.com.au/privacy-policy
).
Information you provide to Precision or have provided to your employer and which is disclosed to Precision by your employer will be used by Precision to facilitate superannuation payments to you, provide STP reporting
and/or super fund onboarding services to your employer.
Please refer to section 6 of the Precision Privacy Policy for details of who we may disclose your personal information to.
In order to provide clearing house, STP reporting or super fund onboarding services, Precision does not currently disclose information to any overseas recipients.
The Precision Privacy Policy contains information about how you can seek access to and correction of your personal information, and how you may complain if you are not satisfied that Precision has appropriately protected your privacy and complied with privacy law.
Additional information for employees whose superannuation payments are made via Beam or Australian Retirement Trust clearing house:
The collection of your personal information (including your Tax File Number (TFN)) in order to facilitate your superannuation payments is authorised by the Superannuation Guarantee (Administration) Act 1992.  This information may be disclosed to the relevant super funds and financial institutions in relation to payments under the clearing house program and relevant government agencies, or as authorised or required by law.
While it is not compulsory for you to provide your TFN to your super fund, if you choose not to:
your super fund may have to pay extra income tax on contributions your employer makes for you (including salary sacrifice) and may take this extra money out of your super account
your super fund may not be able to accept some contributions
you may miss out on super co-contributions even if otherwise eligible.
Additional information for employees who use Beam’s super fund onboarding service:
You may be asked to provide your Tax File Number (TFN) in order to complete a TFN Declaration for your employer. Collection of your TFN for this purpose is authorised by the Taxation Administration Act 1953 (Cth). While it is not an offence not to quote your TFN, quoting your TFN reduces the risk of administrative errors and having extra tax withheld from payments your employer makes to you. Your employer is required to withhold the top rate of tax from all payments made to you if you do not provide your TFN or claim an exemption from quoting your TFN. If you do not wish to quote your TFN to Precision, you may quote your TFN directly to your employer by contacting them.
If you choose to become a member of Australian Retirement Trust via the super fund onboarding service, you will be asked to provide your TFN as part of your application. The collection of your TFN for this purpose is authorised by the Superannuation Industry (Supervision) Act 1993 (Cth). While it is not compulsory for you to provide your TFN when you join Australian Retirement Trust, if you choose not to:
Australian Retirement Trust may have to pay extra income tax on contributions your employer makes for you (including salary sacrifice) and will take this extra money out of your super account
Australian Retirement Trust may not be able to accept some contributions
you may miss out on super co-contributions even if otherwise eligible.
If you have any queries you can contact us by the following means:
Call:
1800 572 154
Email:
support@beamconnect.com.au
Mail:
Privacy Enquiries and Complaints
Precision Administration Services Pty Ltd
GPO Box 2924
Brisbane Qld 4001
DreamProject_Nav
DreamRewards_Nav
DFABW
Icon/List Custom
Created with Sketch.