Terms of Service
These are the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy of Road Soft.
Road Soft
which
    provides you with the
Speed Camera Radar
application.
Privacy Policy
Speed Camera Radar
respects your right to privacy. Your ability to make informed
    choices about the use of your information is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains
Speed Camera Radar’s
policy regarding the collection, use, disclosure and protection of any
    information we receive. “
You
” means an end user of the "Speed
    Camera Radar" Application.
Information We Collect:
Signals and data will be collected by the various sensors on your mobile phone, such as
    Accelerometer, GPS, Barometer, WiFi, Bluetooth, Cellular network, Gyroscope, Magnetometer, etc.
    We use these signals and data in order to obtain data regarding your mobility status and
    location and to perform analytics (including predictive analytics) with respect to the same (“
Mobility
        and Location Data
”).
Some of the information that we collect from you may be deemed Personal
    Information. “
Personal Information
” means information that can be
    directly associated with a specific person or information about activities directly linked to a
    person, such as that person’s location. The Personal Information that we collect includes
    mobility status and location information as well as information regarding the existence of
    third-party applications on your device.
Some of this information will be collected even if the
    Application is in background
    (this is needed for feature when USER (as a driver) turns device screen off and just wants to hear voice tips about road dangerous without interacting with UI of app).
    You are not required by law to provide us with any such information,
    but by using the Application and agreeing to these terms and Privacy Policy, you agree to
    provide us with such information.
How we Protect Information
We make efforts to follow generally accepted industry standards to protect Personal Information
    submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of
    transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, while
    we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot
    guarantee its absolute security.
How we Use Information
Except as expressly set forth herein, we will not share your Personal Information with third
    parties without your explicit permission, except when required by law, regulation, subpoena or
    court order or in cooperation with law enforcement authorities. We may use Personal Information
    internally – for example, to develop and improve our products, help diagnose problems with
    our servers, to make our services more useful, to customize our services and personalize their
    content for you.
We use the information that we collect, including the Personal Information in order to provide
    you with the services in our Application.
In addition, by analyzing all information we receive, including all information concerning users
    and their geo-location and use of third-party applications, we may compile statistical
    information across a variety of users and mobile applications (“
Statistical
        Information
”). Statistical Information helps us understand trends and
    customer needs so that new products and services can be considered and so existing products and
    services can be tailored to customer desires. Statistical Information is
anonymous
. We may share
    such anonymous Statistical Information with our partners or with third parties, or use it for
    our own purposes, without restriction, on commercial terms that we can determine in our sole
    discretion.
Communications
We may send you email messages, push notifications and other messages about us or our products
    and services. By using the Application, you affirmatively consent to receive such commercial
    messages. As a registered member, you can remove your personal information from our mailing list
    and stop receiving future communication from us by following the unsubscribe link located at the
    bottom of each communication or by emailing us at < Please provide link>. You will also be
    given the opportunity to unsubscribe from commercial messages in any such email or notification
    that we send. Please note that we reserve the right to send you service related communications,
    including service announcements and administrative messages, relating either to your account or
    to your transactions on this site, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving
    them unless you cancel your account. Opt-out email address is:
lelic.dev@gmail.com
Inspection, Correction, Deleting Your Data.
You may update, review or correct your information, at any time by e-mailing us at
lelic.dev@gmail.com
.
You can request the deletion of the Personal Information provided upon registration and disable
    future collection of Personal Information by contacting us at
lelic.dev@gmail.com
. We cannot
    restore information that we have deleted. We will retain your information for as long as your
    account is active or as needed to provide you services.
Other Uses or Transfer of Your Information
We will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or
    directing us to disclose the identity, behavior or digital content of any user suspected to have
    engaged in illegal or infringing behavior.
We may use subcontractors that are located in countries other than your own, and send them
    information we receive. All our subcontractors will be subject to non-disclosure and non-use
    obligations. Nevertheless, some countries may have levels of protection of personal and other
    information which are not as high as in your country of residence or business.
We may transfer our databases containing your Personal Information if we sell our business or
    part of it.
Compliance of GDPR since May 25 2018 for EU countries
Pressing AGREE button you confirm you are over 16 year old, otherwise press DISAGREE button
According compliance of GDPR once an user account is created, you can contact us to have it deleted.
Your account has a right to be forgotten - just contact to email lelic.dev@gmail.com to ask delete your personal user data from the cloud
Changes
"Speed Camera Radar"may update this Privacy Policy from time to time - we encourage you to review
    it periodically.
Comments and Questions
If you have any comments or questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at
lelic.dev@gmail.com
Last updated
Last updated: November 4, 2020