Privacy Policy
(Last updated on Jan 09, 2023)
Droid-Veda LLP has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how Droid-Veda LLP collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Droid-Veda LLP Services.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES.
Droid-Veda LLP reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If Droid-Veda LLP makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, Droid-Veda LLP may post a notice on Droid-Veda LLP’s website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Non-personal data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data Droid-Veda LLP may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties, including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your check in (include like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all Droid-Veda LLP users.
Droid-Veda LLP may use and disclose to Droid-Veda LLP ‘s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other Droid-Veda LLP services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by Droid-Veda LLP may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Personal information collected by Droid-Veda LLP is information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your account information. The information includes your facebook id, name, gender, location and your friends id on facebook. Droid-Veda LLP also stores your game check ins, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages.
Droid-Veda LLP may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other Droid-Veda LLP services and products. Droid-Veda LLP may combine non-personal data with personal data.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, Droid-Veda LLP may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Droid-Veda LLP This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. Droid-Veda LLP may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by Droid-Veda LLP and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
Droid-Veda LLP collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, Droid-Veda LLP may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Droid-Veda LLP may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on Droid-Veda LLP’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by Droid-Veda LLP . These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. Droid-Veda LLP may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, email service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers. Droid-Veda LLP has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for Droid-Veda LLP . Droid-Veda LLP is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law. Droid-Veda LLP may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or Droid-Veda LLP to legal liability. Droid-Veda LLP may also disclose your personal data to third parties when Droid-Veda LLP has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with Droid-Veda LLP ’s rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or Droid-Veda LLP believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect Droid-Veda LLP ’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Droid-Veda LLP . To the extent permitted by applicable law, Droid-Veda LLP will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through the Droid-Veda LLP website or in another reasonable manner.
Deletion of Personal Data
Personal information collected by Droid-Veda LLP may be deleted from our servers upon request to droidveda@gmail.com. We undertake to perform the deletion within one month. Wherever possible, we will aim to complete the request in advance of the deadline.
Safeguards
Droid-Veda LLP follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in Droid-Veda LLP ’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in Droid-Veda LLP ’s possession. Personal data collected by Droid-Veda LLP is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data, Droid-Veda LLP maintains personal data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite Droid-Veda LLP ’s reasonable efforts, there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume this risk.
Other
Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services Droid-Veda LLP may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. Droid-Veda LLP is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.
Children under 15
Our Apps and games are not directed to children under 15. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 15. If we learn that we have collected personal information of an individual under 15 we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
If you are under 15 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. Droid-Veda LLP takes children’s privacy seriously, and encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children’s online experience at all times. Droid-Veda LLP does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below the aforementioned age and if Droid-Veda LLP learns that Droid-Veda LLP has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under the aforementioned age, Droid-Veda LLP will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data from Droid-Veda LLP records. Droid-Veda LLP may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. Droid-Veda LLP may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of Droid-Veda LLP ’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.
Droid-Veda LLP regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If Droid-Veda LLP receives a formal written complaint from you, it is Droid-Veda LLP ’s policy to attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns. Droid-Veda LLP will cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved between you and Droid-Veda LLP .
3rd party services
We use 3rd party services in our apps. These services collect usage data in compliance with their Privacy Policies. The services are described below.
Advertising
3rd party ad serving systems allow user data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on Droid-Veda LLP apps, possibly based on user interests.
Admob
We use Admob by Google as the main ad server. Please see Admob Privacy Policy – https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA, we do not collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms Of Use
This Terms of Service Agreement informs you of the terms, conditions, disclaimers, notices and policies that apply to your access and use of the website of Droid-Veda LLP, located at the URL https://droidveda.com/ and any and all games and related products, including virtual goods, provided by Droid-Veda LLP. Collectively, the Site and the Games are referred to as the “Services” in this Agreement. Many of these Games may be playable by one or more persons simultaneously, and the conduct of all such Users while playing the Games or using the Site is governed by this Agreement.
This Agreement is a binding contract between you and Droid-Veda LLP that provides for important rights and obligations. By accessing, browsing, and/or using the Services and/or playing, downloading or browsing our Games you represent to Droid-Veda LLP that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this Agreement and all applicable local, state, national and international laws and conventions, including without limitation all intellectual property laws. Droid-Veda LLP reserves the right, at its sole and absolute discretion, to deny any User access to the Services, without notice. If you violate any of the Terms, we may, at our option, give you a warning notice of violation or terminate your account immediately for violation of the Terms.
Droid-Veda LLP Right To Modify Agreement
: Droid-Veda LLP may modify this Agreement at any time, with or without notice to you, by posting the modified Agreement on the Site. Your continued use of the Services after such modification shall be deemed to be your acceptance of any such modification. Any such modification will only apply to matters and events which occur following the date of modification. You may not modify this Agreement without the prior written authorization of an officer of Droid-Veda LLP. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement regularly to determine whether the Agreement has been modified.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an e-mail to
droidveda@gmail.com.