By using this website you agree to our
cookie policy
×
Why Momoyoga?
Learn
Get started
Videos
Add pre-recorded classes
Privacy Statement
Personal data processed by Momoyoga
Sharing and disclosing of information
Use of cookies
Protection of personal data
Access and management of personal data
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Momoyoga considers your privacy important and wants to handle your personal data in a safe way. This Privacy Statement explains what personal information we collect and how we use and protect it.
Momoyoga makes software for organizing a yoga studio. The members of the studio have the possibility to register and deregister for classes, and to pay for classes. Momoyoga collects data from the studio and the members. This data is necessary for the software to work.
The legal relationship between you and Momoyoga is governed by Dutch law and our
Terms and Conditions
. In addition, EU General Data Protection Regulation applies to the processing of personal data.
Personal data processed by Momoyoga
Momoyoga only processes personal data insofar as it is necessary for the correct operation of its software. Personal data will only be processed for the following purposes:
Studio data
Momoyoga asks for company data to create a studio account. If you want to use Momoyoga as a studio, your data will be used:
To assess your registration;
To process payments;
For sending Momoyoga information;
For sending email notifications about activities in the studio;
For analyzes and internal statistical purposes;
To meet obligations imposed by payment providers;
For creating the studio owner and teacher environments;
For providing secure access to these environments;
For creating a public URL to the online timetable.
Teacher data
If you want to use Momoyoga as a teacher, your data will be used:
For sending Momoyoga information (only with permission);
For analyzes and internal statistical purposes;
For creating your own teacher profile;
For providing secure access to this profile;
For sending email notifications about activities in the studio.
Yogi data
If you want to use Momoyoga as a yogi, your data will be used:
To create a yogi profile within the Momoyoga environment;
For registering at one or more studios;
For analyzes for internal statistical purposes;
For providing secure access to your yogi profile;
For forwarding email notifications from the yoga studio.
We think it is important that Momoyoga listens to the wishes of all studios, teachers and yogis. We therefore constantly work on improving the software. To this end, in addition to personal data, we also store anonymous data about the users of our software. This information cannot be traced back to the personal level, and helps us to:
Get a better picture of how our software is used;
Learn about global trends;
Improve the software.
Sharing and disclosing information
Momoyoga will only share studio data if this is necessary for the execution of the agreement, and only with permission.
Momoyoga will never sell personal details of studios, teachers or yogis. Momoyoga only shares information with third parties with prior permission, unless bound by law. Momoyoga may provide (some) data to third parties if this is necessary for the execution of services, for example data exchange with a payment provider or email program.
Momoyoga reserves the right to transfer (parts of) data in the event of a transfer of ownership, for example through a merger or takeover. If information is provided to the acquiring company, Momoyoga will endeavor to inform the studios of this, for example by email or by a message on the Momoyoga website.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser by a website you visit. Cookies helps Momoyoga remember information about your visit such as a preferred language, and offers the possibility to store login data so that you do not have to enter it every time.
Momoyoga also uses cookies to analyze how its website is used. We use Google Analytics for this. This way we know how many visitors our website has, and which are the landing pages. This way, we can analyze, for example, how effective our marketing campaigns have been. This data contains no personal data and cannot be traced back to individuals.
The use of cookies is completely safe. No personal information, such as a telephone number or an email address, can be retrieved from cookies. Cookies can not be extracted and used, for instance, for email or telemarketing campaigns.
If you do not want your data to be used by Google Analytics, you can unsubscribe from this page: Google Analytics Opt-out.
Protection of personal data
Momoyoga takes the protection of your personal data very seriously, and we take all technical and organizational measures to prevent misuse, loss, disclosure, unsolicited modification or access to your data.
We ask studios, teachers and yogis to take responsibility for their own personal data and the security of this data. Make sure you choose a secure password, and change it regularly. Save passwords securely and encrypted.
Access and management of personal data
You have the right to view your personal data processed by Momoyoga. You can correct and delete it unless Momoyoga cannot grant you access due to legal obligations.
Studio data
Momoyoga stores data from the studio in an encrypted database. After terminating an account with Momoyoga, you have the right to request and view your data. It is also possible to continue your account with Momoyoga on re-registration based on your old data. Upon request, Momoyoga can permanently delete the data, so that it can no longer be retrieved.
Teacher data
Momoyoga concludes a processor agreement with each studio. This agreement stipulates that the studio is the processor of the teacher data. With a name and email address, a studio can create a profile for a teacher. At the request of a teacher, the studio is obliged to remove a teacher's profile. Because Momoyoga stores email addresses from users, the teacher must, along with this request, also submit a request to delete the email address. The email address is encrypted in the Momoyoga database and can never be used for other purposes.
Yogi data
Momoyoga concludes a processor agreement with each studio. This agreement stipulates that the studio is the processor of the yogi data. A studio can create a profile for a yogi based on a name and email address. A yogi can create a profile in Momoyoga, and then register with one or more studios. If a yogi profile already exists, a studio cannot independently assign this profile to itself. This is an act reserved for the yogi. Only with permission can a profile be created by the studio. A yogi can request to remove his profile from a studio. The Momoyoga profile will remain accessible to the yogi for personal use. Momoyoga can remove the profile completely on request.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
If Momoyoga changes its Privacy Statement, the changes will immediately be included in this statement. We advise you to regularly read this Privacy Statement, so that you are aware of changes.
Do you have questions or requests regarding the Momoyoga Privacy Policy? Please let us know by sending a message to
info@momoyoga.com
.
Last update: April 11, 2023
Try for free
14-day trial. No strings attached.
Email address
Start free trial