Privacy Policy
The protection and security of personal information is a high priority for us. Therefore, we strictly adhere to the rules of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Below you will be informed about what type of data is collected and for what purpose it is collected:
1. Owner of the app
The owner of the app is Livantis GmbH, based in Basel, Switzerland
2. Data transmission / data logging
​
If you create a map code, your map and all the data that belongs to it like pins, images, notes, phone numbers, mail addresses, websites and any other data saved in the respective map are stored on our servers and anyone who has the respective map code can download the map to its own device.
If you use the Business feature, your maps, pins and all data that belong to the map like images, notes, phone numbers, mail addresses, websites and any other data saved in the respective map are stored securely on our servers if you have activated the backup feature. Only users who have access (mail address & password) to the account can access your data.
If you own a business account, your mail address, first name and last name are stored securely on our servers. This data is only collected for the purpose of providing you all the app features. A passing on to third parties, for commercial or non-commercial purposes, does not take place.
An app-specific device ID will be used to properly provide the login but is not publicly accessible to other users.
The app uses Google Analytics to analyze user behavior anonymously.
3. Use of personal data
Your personal information will not be disclosed to third parties, unless disclosure is required by law.
4. Deletion of your data
If you own a business account, you can effect the deletion of your personal data from our server by clicking on «Delete account» in the settings. To delete a map code and its belonging data from our server, press «Delete code».
5. Security of your data
Your personal data made available to us will be secured by taking all technical and organizational security measures so that they are inaccessible to unauthorized third parties.
6. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update this policy to protect your personal information from time to time. You should occasionally review this policy to stay informed of how we protect your information and continually improve the content of the app. By using the app, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
7. Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via our contact page. If you would like to contact us by post, please use the following address: Livantis GmbH, Grellingerstrasse 40, 4052 Basel, Switzerland.
8. Payments / In-App purchases / Subscriptions
Additional content can be purchased in the app. The content acquired through the purchase is described in detail in the app. Payments for purchases are settled through third parties such as Apple or Google. Subscriptions automatically renew after the duration of the subscription for the same price and for the same duration, until you cancel them in your iTunes or Google Play account at least 24 hours before they expire. Subscriptions that have already started cannot be canceled for the current term, but only for the next term. A refund of the purchase amount is not possible. After canceling a subscription, the subscription will remain available until the subscription expires. After that, you can continue to use the app for free without the additional content of the subscription.
9. Liability
Livantis GmbH disclaims any liability for all activities caused by or due to the app. Livantis GmbH has no connection with information of any kind published by users. Any responsibility will be rejected. In addition, Livantis GmbH is not liable for the accuracy of the information published in the app. It is also not liable for unauthorized data access, for example by hackers. Likewise, it is not liable for information that users independently make available to third parties. The Livantis GmbH also assumes no liability for any items not listed in this section.
10. Final provisions
Severability clause. If any provision of this Privacy Policy is or becomes invalid or unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Privacy Policy. Jurisdiction is the seat of Livantis GmbH.