Privacy
Policy
For you to
submit your sightings records of cetaceans and sharks on the west coast of Scotland
through Whale Track we will need to collect some details about you and be able
to track your location to monitor the area you are surveying. You must accept
this privacy policy to be able to record and contribute data to this project.
This privacy policy sets out how Whale Track uses and protects any information
that you give us, and who has access to it. You can withdraw your data at any
time by contacting
whaletrack@hwdt.org
.
Please read this
policy carefully, and any other documents referred to in this policy, to
understand how we collect,
use
and store your personal
information.
Data
Protection
Data collection
allows us to operate efficiently and communicate with Whale Track users
appropriately, allowing us to put our greatest effort into conservation. To
achieve this, the Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust (HWDT) is also committed to
ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain
information by which you can be personally identified when using the Whale
Track app or website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in
accordance with this privacy policy. This privacy policy complies with the EU
General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679), which came into force from 25th
May 2018.
In
order to
prevent
unauthorised access or disclosure to your personal data, we have put in place
suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure
the information we collect, both online and through other channels. We will not
sell,
distribute
or lease your personal information to
third parties, other than in the ways described within this privacy policy,
unless we have obtained your consent or are required by law to do so.
We always strive
to provide a transparent and honest approach regarding how and when we may
collect and use your personal data. The overview below summarises the different
reasons why we do this.
What
we collect
To be able to
contribute data to this project you will need to set up an account via email
,
or login using your Facebook,
Twitter
or Gmail
account. You will be asked to create a username and provide your email address.
Please note that you will need to choose a suitable username if you wish to
submit sightings anonymously.
When reporting a
sighting or recording a watch, you will be asked to provide information about
your experience of surveying and identifying marine wildlife, information about
where you are watching from, what the environmental conditions were like, as
well as what wildlife you saw. The app will automatically log the current date,
time and GPS location and the website will ask you to provide this
information.*
When recording
an excursion, the app will also track your location, which it does by capturing
your position, speed and heading using the GPS built into your device. Once you
fully close the app, the app will cease tracking your location.
The location at
which you saw the animal is important to help us understand the distribution
and occurrence of marine wildlife in this area. Data collected through the
excursion and watch modes allow the researchers at the Hebridean Whale and
Dolphin Trust to see which areas have been surveyed and calculate the time
spent and distance covered looking for animals. This is referred to as “effort”
and it is a critical metric used to determine abundance, which increases the
scientific value of your records
When submitting
sightings, you will be asked to provide photographs associated with the
records.
Your username will be used to credit
the records and images you submit, if we feature them on a project website,
social media or project materials and communications.
Your device ID
(UUID) is submitted to a 3rd Party system called Fabric for the purposes of
determining the causes of crashes and to assess usage statistics. No other
personal data is collected, and the data is deleted 90 days after being
submitted. For more details view
https://docs.fabric.io/android/fabric/data-privacy.html#
.
Do
we process ‘sensitive’ personal information?
Under data
protection law, certain categories of personal information are recognised as
sensitive, including health information, race, religious beliefs, and political
opinions (‘sensitive personal data’). We would only collect sensitive personal
data if there is a clear reason for doing so. We currently do not collect or
process sensitive personal information through the Whale Track app or website.
Lawful
Processing
HWDT needs a
lawful basis to collect and use your personal data. The law allows for six
legitimate ways to process people’s personal data. Only one of these is
relevant to Whale Track users and that is
on the basis of
a person’s consent.
Whale Track will
ask for your consent when you sign up to allow us to collect and store your
personal data and data related to your sightings, as well as to communicate
with you about the project and the wider work of HWDT.
What
we do with the information we gather:
The Hebridean
Whale and Dolphin Trust will analyse the data submitted through Whale Track to
monitor marine wildlife off the west coast of Scotland, identify threats,
inform policy decisions and to educate people about the diverse wildlife we
have on the west coast. The findings will be presented in many different
outputs, which includes but is not limited to; scientific journals, reports and
publications, public presentations, sightings updates, press releases, blog
posts, magazine articles and social media posts.
HWDT will process
information collected via Whale Track for the following reasons:
a.
Project Related Purposes
Request further
details about one of your survey records to validate sightings
Ask if you are
willing to submit photos if you indicated you took them
Contact you with
any information and updates about the project
Internal record
keeping
External project
reporting (to funders and charity regulators)
App developer, Natural
Aptitude Ltd., will use your email address to validate your account and to
respond to password reset requests
Thank-you
communications
Maintaining “Do
not contact lists” (suppression lists)
b.
Publicity and Income Generation
Conventional
direct marketing and other forms of marketing,
publicity
or advertisement, including campaigns and charitable fundraising
Analysis,
targeting, and segmentation to develop corporate strategy and improve
communication efficiency
Processing for
research purposes (including marketing research)
c.
Governance Purposes
Carrying out our
charitable purpose
Statutory
reporting
d.
Operational Purposes
Physical
security,
IT
and network security
Processing for
historical,
scientific
or statistical purposes
In extreme
situations, we may share your personal details with the emergency services if
our employees believe it is in your ‘vital interests’ to do so. We may also
share your personal information where we are compelled by law to do so.
Data
Retention
We keep your
email address and username on our records indefinitely. This will be used to
help us better understand and conserve the local marine wildlife on the west
coast of Scotland.
You can withdraw
your data from our system at any time by contacting HWDT at
whaletrack@hwdt.org
.
Data
Sharing
**Personal Data
**
Key information
about your sighting (location, date, time, species, number of animals and
identification confidence rating) will feed into the Whale Track website
(https://whaletrack.hwdt.org/) and will be displayed on a map as well as in a
table. Your username will be displayed against your sightings to acknowledge
you as the contributor. Please make sure you choose a suitable username if you
wish to submit sightings anonymously.
The data you
submit through the Whale Track will be stored in a secure online database
called
Coreo
, which is hosted and managed by the
project developer Natural Aptitude Ltd. Only the Hebridean Whale and Dolphin
Trust and Natural Aptitude Ltd will be able to access the data you submit
through
Coreo
to verify your sightings and to ensure
the app and website are working correctly.
In
order for
the
Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust researchers to analyse your data, a local
copy will also be stored in their database at their office in Tobermory, Isle
of Mull.
Your full name
and email address will not be displayed anywhere publicly.
Your contact details will not be shared with
anyone else, other than in the ways described within this privacy policy.
There are legitimate
situations where we may have to share your personal information with other
organisations. An example could be where we are using an external service
provided via a mailing services provider. In these situations, the relationship
between HWDT and the third-party data processor will be governed by a contract
and strict security requirements will be in place to protect your personal
information.
If you have
reported a distressed or deceased animal your username and email address will
be forwarded along with the sighting report to British Divers Marine Life
Rescue (BDMLR), who rescue marine animals in distress around the UK, or the
Scottish Marine Animal Stranding Scheme (SMASS), who collate data from all
stranded marine animals around Scotland. They may contact you for more
information about the event so that they can respond quickly to rescue the
animal or determine the cause of death.
Sightings
Data
Some of the data
you collect will be shared with the National Biodiversity Network (NBN) and the
Sea Watch Foundation, who gather biodiversity information from across the UK.
The records shared will consist of your username, location, the species you
reported and the time and date you submitted the record. These records will be
available to other organisations, such as charities or government bodies with
an interest in biodiversity or conservation as well as members of the
general public
. Some of the data you collect will also be
shared with other carefully selected data partners which includes other charities,
research organisations and government funded bodies. We will not share your
personal information (name and email address) with these organisations and will
only ever provide your username when an acknowledgement to the data recorder is
required.
Sharing records
with the NBN, Sea Watch Foundation and our selected data partners is important,
because it will help build a long-term picture of UK cetacean populations and
distributions, which is used by scientists and government bodies to inform
conservation policies.
HWDT will not
exchange or sell your personal information to another organisation for their
own marketing purposes.
Data
Protection Rights
Right to be Informed
– You have the right to be told how your personal information will be used.
This policy document used on our communications are intended to be a clear and
transparent description of how your data may be used.
Right of
Access
– You can request
a copy of information we hold on you. From 25th May 2018 HWDT will have 30 days
to comply once we are satisfied you have rights to see the requested records
and we have successfully confirmed your identity.
Right of
Erasure
– From 25th May
2018, you have the right to be forgotten (
i.e.
to have
your personally identifiable data deleted).
Right of
Rectification
– If you
believe our records are inaccurate you have the right to ask for those records
concerning you to be updated.
Right to
Restrict Processing
– In
certain situations you have the right to ask for processing of your personal
data to be restricted because there is some disagreement about its accuracy or
legitimate usage.
Right to Data
Portability
– Where we
are processing your personal data under your consent the law allows you to
request data portability from one service provider to another. This right is
largely seen as a way for people to transfer their personal data from one
service provider to a competitor.
Right to
Object
- You have an
absolute right to stop the processing of your personal data for direct
marketing purposes.
Right to object
to automated decisions – In a situation where a data controller is using your
personal data in a computerised model or algorithm to make decisions “that have
a legal effect on you”, you have the right to object. This right is more
applicable to mortgage or finance situations. HWDT does not undertake complex
computerised decision making that produce legal effects.
If you want to
get in contact with us to check what information we hold on you, withdraw
consent, or update our records, please contact us at
whaletrack@hwdt.org
.
Notice
of Change
We may change this
policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from
time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is
effective 25.05.2018.
Complaints
Procedure
To make a
complaint about how your data is being used, please approach us directly, by
contacting
whaletrack@hwdt.org
or calling 01688 302620 9am-5pm Monday to Friday.
You also have
the right to contact the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) if you have any
concerns about Data Protection using their help line 0303 123 1113 or at
www.ico.org.uk
I consent for my
data to be collected and used as described in this policy. This includes being
contacted by the Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust and the app developer, Natural
Apptitude, to, for example, verify my sightings and provide important updates
relating to the project.
I also
understand that I may be contacted by email by Natural Apptitude if I request a
new password or have technical difficulties and that my sightings data will be
shared with other selected organisations for conservation purposes. I
understand that I can withdraw my consent at any time by contacting
whaletrack@hwdt.org
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://docs.fabric.io/android/fabric/data-privacy.html:
Skip to main content
firebase.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Send feedback
Firebase is back at Cloud Next on April 9 - 11.
Register now.
Make your app
the best it can be with Firebase and generative AI
Build & run modern, AI-powered experiences users love with Firebase, a platform designed to support you throughout your app development journey. Backed by Google and trusted by millions of businesses around the world.
Get started
Try demo
arrow_forward
Build
Get to market quickly and securely with products that can scale globally
Build AI-powered experiences into your apps and accelerate app development with managed infrastructure, powered by Google Cloud, so you can focus on what matters most.
App Hosting
Data Connect
Genkit
View all Build products
Run
Run your app with confidence and deliver the best experience for your users
Launch, monitor, and iterate with AI-assistive tools that help you optimize your app's quality and experience.
App Distribution
Crashlytics
Remote Config
View all Run products
Vertex AI
in Firebase
Genkit
Gemini
in Firebase
Generative AI
Easily integrate Firebase with Gemini and the latest AI technology from Google
View generative AI options
Vertex AI
in Firebase
Genkit
Gemini
in Firebase
More Google and third-party integrations
Easily integrate Firebase with your team's favorite tools.
Project IDX
Flutter
Google Ads
AdMob
Google Marketing Platform
Google Play
Data Studio
BigQuery
Slack
Jira
Android Studio
Extensions
Install pre-packaged, open source bundles of code to automate common development tasks
Explore Extensions
Stream to BigQuery
Search with Algolia
Run Payments with Stripe
Stream to BigQuery
Search with Algolia
Run Payments with Stripe
Easy to integrate on iOS, Android, and the Web
Firebase provides detailed documentation and cross-platform app development SDKs, to help you build and ship apps for iOS, Android, the Web, Flutter, Unity, and C++.
View all docs
News & events
Keep up to date on everything Firebase
View all news
App Hosting updates: rollbacks, SDK auto-configuration, and more
App Hosting updates: rollbacks, SDK auto-configuration, and more
Read more
Medium
Open Source Internal AI Chat with Genkit
I have released internal AI, an AI chat solution you can easily and cost-effectively run internally, under an open-source license! Recently, Firebase Genkit reached version 1.0 and became stable for production use. With Genkit, you can quickly build
Read more
YouTube
February 2025: Genkit is GA, Imagen 3 support in Vertex AI SDKs, and Apple SDK updates!
Welcome to the February 2025 edition of Firebase Release Notes. This month, Marina shares updates on Genkit, Imagen 3, Firebase Apple SDK, metrics in Performance Monitoring, deprecated devices in Test Lab, and more! Chapters:
0:00 - Introduction
0:14
View video
Trusted by the largest apps and games
Development teams around the world—including NPR, Halfbrick, Duolingo, and Venmo—use Firebase to build and ship their modern apps.
Common use cases
Use Firebase products together to solve complex app development challenges and optimize your app experience. Learn how to personalize your onboarding flow, grow user engagement, or add new functionality with Firebase.
View solutions
Info
Chat