Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 14, 2024
Introduction
Digital Therapeutics, Inc. (“Pelago”, “we”, ”our” or “us”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets out who we are, how we collect, store, process, transfer, share and use data that identifies, is associated or could be associated with, or is linked to you (“personal information”) and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, then please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Policy.
Pelago provides a platform and services for treating individuals with substance use management challenges through a combination of digital content, as well as coaching programs, cognitive behavioral therapy and medication assisted treatment delivered by our professional entities via the Pelago mobile application or its desktop equivalent (“App”). For information about how our professional entities provide services to you and handle information protected by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, please see our separate Privacy Policy and Notice of Privacy Practices when you register for services with our professional entities through the App or our registration website.
This Privacy Policy only applies when you:
Access and use this corporate website www.pelagohealth.com (“Site”); please note the Site is Pelago’s commercial website and not subject to HIPAA;
Communicate with us electronically, such as via email; or
Apply for a job with us.
Please read this Privacy Policy and understand how we collect, store, use and disclose your personal information before accessing or using the Site.
1. Who is Responsible for the Use of Your Personal Information
Pelago is the controller of the personal information we hold about you in connection with your use of the Site. This means that we determine and are responsible for how your personal information is used. You may contact us using the information located in the {Contacting Us} section below.
2. How We Collect Personal Information from You
2.1 We may have collected personal information about you:
From You: We collect personal information that you voluntarily submit directly to us when you use the Site. This can include information you provide to us through the Site, correspond with us, subscribe to our mailing lists or other forms of marketing communications, report a problem with the Site, or use some other feature of the Site.
From Your Use of Our Site: We also automatically collect personal information indirectly about how you access and use this Site, such as the device you use.
3. Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It.
You have the choice whether to provide us with your personal information. In some circumstances, if you choose not to provide such personal information, we may not be able to respond to your requests.
3.1. Information you provide to us directly.
The table at Annex 1 describes the categories of personal information we collect about you, how we use that information, the third parties with to whom we may disclose that information, and for users based in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and UK, the legal basis which we rely on to process the personal information.
3.2 Information we automatically collect.
The table at Annex 2 describes the categories of personal information we collect about you automatically, how we use that information, the third parties with to whom we may disclose that information, and for users based in the EEA and UK, the legal basis which we rely on to process the personal information.
3.3.
We may link or combine the personal information we collect about you and the information we collect automatically. This allows us to provide you with a personalized experience regardless of how you interact with us on this Site.
3.4.
We may anonymize and aggregate the personal information we collect (so that it does not directly identify you). We may use anonymized information for purposes that include testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving the Site, and developing new products and features. We may also share such anonymized and aggregated information with others such as our clients.
4. How Long Will We Store Your Personal Information
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. In general, we keep information for as long as we are required to do so under applicable law, which can be as long as seven (7) years. Where we are not under a legal obligation to maintain information for a longer period, our general practice is to dispose of information after one (1) year from your last interaction with us.
5. Recipients of Personal Information
We may share your personal information with the following parties (as described in Annexes 1 and 2):
Service providers and contractors: we may share your personal information with service providers and contractors who perform services for us or on our behalf, which may include providing professional services (such as legal and accounting services), mailing, email, chat, or video services, fraud prevention, cloud or web hosting, analytic services. We contractually require service providers and contractors acting on our behalf to take reasonable steps to protect your personal information and to not use your personal information for any purpose other than that for which it was given to the service provider or contractor.
In connection with a corporate business transaction: your personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Affiliates: Other companies owned by or under common ownership as Pelago, including our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Privacy Policy.
To federal, state, or local government agencies or to other third parties as required by applicable law or pursuant to a valid legal warrant, subpoena, court order, or other legal or regulatory mandate, or as necessary for us to defend or assert legal claims.
Analytics companies. We use selected third parties to collect data about how you interact with our Site. This information may be used to, among other things, improve the functionality of our Site.
From time to time, we may disclose your personal information to parties such as law enforcement or other government agencies when we, in good faith, believe you or others are acting unlawfully, when we believe it is necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, to operate our business properly, to protect or defend our rights or the rights or well-being of our users, and when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the health and safety of our employees, other consumers, and the general public.
6. Marketing and Advertising
6.1.
From time to time we may contact you (by email, text or push notification) with information about our services. You consent to receive these messages when you agree to our {Terms of Use}.
6.2
We may also send you marketing messages. For some marketing messages, we may use personal information we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing information to share with you.
6.3.
If you are an EEA or UK-based user, we will only send you marketing emails, text messages or push notifications if you have given us your consent to do so.
6.4
To stop receiving marketing email or text message communications, you can follow the unsubscribe instructions in the communication.
7. Protecting, Storing and Transferring Your Personal Information
7.1. Safeguards.
We implement technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. Specific measures we use include, depending on the type of data, encrypting your personal information in transit and at rest; protecting your information with firewalls, anti-malware and data loss prevention systems; conducting vulnerability scans and penetration tests on systems holding your information; training our employees on security awareness and data handling topics; and having a third-party audit of our security controls annually.
7.2. International Transfers of your Personal Information.
The personal information we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction you are in where we and our third-party service providers have operations, including in the United States. If you are accessing our Site from the EEA or UK, in the event of such a transfer, we ensure that either: (i) the personal information is transferred to countries recognized as offering an equivalent level of protection; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission or as may be applicable, the equivalent clauses approved by the UK Government. For more information on the transfer safeguards we rely on and where they have been made available you may contact us by using the details in the {Contacting Us} section below
8. Your Control Over Your Information
8.1. Modifying or deleting your information.
If you have any questions about reviewing, modifying, or deleting your information, you can contact us at privacy@pelagohealth.com. We may not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances.
9. Disclosures for EEA Users
9.1. If you are residing in the EEA or the UK, you may have the following rights:
Right of access. The right to obtain: (i) confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information; (ii) information about the categories of personal information we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal information and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods; (iii) information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal information; and (iv) a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Right of portability. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal information to another person.
Right to rectification. You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you without undue delay.
Right to erasure. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal information without undue delay if the continued processing of that personal information is not justified.
Right to restriction. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal information if the continued processing of the personal information in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you.
Right to withdraw consent. If you have provided consent for the processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal information before your withdrawal. However, in certain circumstances, if you withdraw your consent, we might not be able to continue providing Services to you as a result.
Right to opt-out of automated decision making. We use automated decision making to determine your eligibility for certain services. You can opt-out of our use of this form of decision making.
9.2.
You also have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal information, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case. You can object to marketing activities for any reason.
9.3.
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the details in the {Contacting Us} section below.
9.4.
Due to the confidential nature of data processing we may ask you to provide proof of identity when exercising the above rights. This may be done by a number of methods, including you providing a scanned copy of a valid identity document or a signed photocopy of a valid identity document.
9.5
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority. If you are based in the EEA, information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available at: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en#member-dk.
10. Notice to Residents of California
10.1
If you are a resident of California and to the extent our Services are covered by applicable state law, you may have additional privacy rights, which you can read about in {Annex 4}.
While we are not subject to CCPA and CPRA, we will honor your individual opt-out requests and associated privacy rights.
11. Notice to Residents of Nevada
11.1
If you are a Nevada resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of certain personal information, including your name and mailing address, to third parties. As of the date of this Privacy Policy, we do not sell any personal information to any third party.
13 Cookies, Tracking, and Do Not Track
13.1
Our Site uses cookies and similar technologies such as pixels and Local Storage Objects (LSOs) like HTML5 (together “cookies”) to distinguish you from other users. This helps us to provide you with a good experience and allows us to monitor and analyze how you use and interact with our Site so that we can continue to improve our performance. It also helps us and our advertising partners to determine products and services that may be of interest to you, in order to serve you targeted advertisements. Please see Annex 3 for our Cookie Notice.
13.2
.
Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our users, we are unable to respond to Do Not Track signals set by your browser at this time.
13.3
Our emails may contain tracking pixels that identify if and when you have opened an email that we have sent you, how many times you have read it and whether you have clicked on any links in that email. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our marketing email campaigns, make the emails we send to you more relevant to your interests and to understand if you have opened and read any important administrative emails we might send you. Most popular email clients will allow you to block these pixels by disabling certain external images in emails. You can do this through the settings on your email client – these generally give you the option of choosing whether emails will display “remote images”, ”remote content” or “images” by default.
14. Links to Third Party Sites
14.1
Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites, including those of other users, our partner networks, advertisers, partner merchants, news publications, retailers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we are not responsible or liable for their policies, actions, or omissions. Please check the individual policies before you submit any information to those websites.
15. Our Policy Towards Children
15.1
This Site is not directed at persons under 18 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from any persons under 18 on this Site. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information through this Site without your consent, then please contact us using the details in the {Contacting Us} section below so that we can take steps to remove such information. We do not sell or share the information of any person under 18.
16. Changes to This Policy
16.1
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and so you should review this page periodically. When we change this Privacy Policy in a material way, we will update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of those changes to the extent required to do so by applicable law.
17. Contacting Us
You can contact us with questions by emailing us at
privacy@pelagohealth.com
or writing us at:
United Kingdom
Digital Therapeutics, Ltd.
Peer House Ps.03, Third Floor
8-14 Verulam Street
Holborn, London WC1X 8LZ, GB
United States
Digital Therapeutics, Inc.
1632 1st Ave. #20163
New York, NY 10028
Annex 1 – Personal Information You Provide to Us
Category of personal information
How we may use it
EEA / UK legal basis for the processing
Third parties to whom the information may be disclosed
Identifiers and Information Subject to Protection under California Law such as your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number.
We may use this information to deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the Site.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely administering the Site, and for communicating with you effectively to respond to your queries or complaints.
Third party analytics companies, our affiliates, and other third parties as required by applicable law.
Correspondence and comments. When you contact us directly about the Site, e.g. by email, phone, mail, respond to surveys or interact with our support services, we will record your comments and opinions.
To address and resolve your questions, issues and concerns.
This processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely, administering the Site and communicating with you in connection with the Site.
Our service providers, affiliates, and other third parties as required by applicable law.
Professional Information, including information relating to your role as a representative or agent of a company or business, such as your work title and contact information.
We use this information provided by clients, vendors, and other business partners in order to conduct business with them.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest, or performance of the employment contract with you.
Our service providers, affiliates, and other third parties as required by applicable law.
Your preferences, such as preferences set for notifications, marketing communications, how the Site is displayed and the active functionalities on the Site.
We use this information to provide notifications, send news, alerts and marketing communications and make the Site available in accordance with your choices.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest, namely ensuring users of the Site receive correct marketing and other communications, and that this is displayed in accordance with the user’s preferences. We will only send you marketing communications when we have your consent.
Our service providers, affiliates, and other third parties as required by applicable law.
We use this information to ensure that we comply with our legal obligation to send only those marketing communications to which you have consented.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest, namely ensuring the user receives the correct marketing and other communications, and that this is displayed in accordance with the user’s preferences. We will only send you marketing communications when we have your consent.
Our service providers, affiliates, and other third parties as required by applicable law.
Internet and Other Electronic Activity Information,
such as your browsing history, search history, information about your interactions with our website, use our mobile apps, or interact with our digital advertisements
Please see
Annex 2
Please see
Annex 2
In addition to the uses above, we may use the information we obtain from you:
When you give us your consent;
To comply with applicable law;
To assert or defend our rights or those of others; or
in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Annex 2 – Personal Information Collected Automatically
Category of personal information
How we may use it
EEA/UK legal basis for the processing
Third parties to whom the information may be disclosed
Information about how you access and use the Site. For example, how frequently you access the Site, the time you access the Site and how long you use it for, the approximate location that you access the Site from, whether you access the Site from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Site.
We may use information about how you use and connect to the Site to present the Site to you on your device.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests and performance of a contract with you, namely to tailor the Site to the user’s preferences.
Our service providers, third party analytics companies, our affiliates and to other third parties as required by applicable law
We may use this information to determine products and services that may be of interest to you for marketing purposes.
We will only process your data for marketing purposes when we have obtained your consent or when the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests.
Our service providers, our affiliates and to other third parties as required by applicable law
We may use this information to monitor and improve the Site and our business, resolve issues and to inform the development of new products and services.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to monitor and resolve issues with the Site and to improve the Site generally.
Our service providers, third party analytics companies, our affiliates and to other third parties as required by applicable law
Log files and information about your device. We also collect information about the tablet, smartphone or other electronic device you use to access the Site. This information can include details about the type of device, unique device identifying numbers, operating systems, browsers and applications connected to the Site through the device, your mobile network, your IP address and your device identifier.
We may use information about how you use and access the Site to present the Site to you on your device.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely, to tailor the Site to the user’s preferences.
Our service providers, third party analytics companies, our affiliates and to other third parties as required by applicable law
We may use this information to determine products and services that may be of interest to you for marketing purposes.
The processing is necessary to provide a better experience to you by offering a personalized experience on the Site. We will only process your data for marketing purposes when we have obtained your consent or when the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests.
The processing is necessary for us to make the Site available.
We will only process your data for marketing purposes when we have obtained your consent.
Our service providers, our affiliates and to other third parties as required by applicable law.
We may use this information to monitor and improve the Site and business, resolve issues and to inform the development of new products and services.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests in order to make the Site available, namely, to monitor and resolve issues with the Site and to improve the Site generally.
Our service providers, third party analytics companies, our affiliates and to other third parties as required by applicable law.
Non-specific geolocation, which we obtain from your devices that access the Site.
We may use this information to facilitate the timing of communications and display of currencies. Also to identify technical issues.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to monitor and resolve issues with the Site and to improve the Site generally.
Our service providers, third party analytics companies, our affiliates and to other third parties as required by applicable law.
Identifiers such as your IP address and device identifier
We may use this information to assess and diagnose technical issues, for performance monitoring.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to monitor and resolve issues with the Site and to improve the Site generally.
Our service providers, third party analytics companies, our affiliates and to other third parties as required by applicable law.
In addition to the uses above, we may use the information we obtain from you:
When you give us your consent;
To comply with applicable law;
To defend our rights or those of others; or
in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Annex 3 – Cookie Notice
This cookie notice (the “Cookie Notice”) describes how Pelago uses cookies and other similar technologies on our Site. It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
A cookie is a small text file that our Site stores on your computer or mobile device when you visit our Site.
Depending on their function and intended purpose, cookies are often classified in the following categories:
“First party cookies” are cookies set by the website you are visiting. In addition, a website might potentially use external services, which also set their own cookies, known as “third-party cookies.”
“Persistent cookies” are cookies saved on your computer and that are not deleted automatically when you quit your browser, unlike a “session cookie,” which is deleted when you quit your browser.
“Essential cookies” are required so that you can navigate on a website and use its features. Without these cookies, functionalities cannot be ensured by the website.
“Performance cookies” are cookies that collect information on how a website is used. These cookies do not retain any information that allows to identify the website user. The collected information will be aggregated and thus will be analyzed in a non-attributable way to a specific person. These cookies are used exclusively to improve the performance of a website and the user’s experience.
“Functional cookies” are cookies that enable a website to save details that have already been provided and to offer the website user personalized functions. These cookies collect anonymized information and cannot track your traffic on other websites.
“Cookies for marketing purposes” are cookies used to extract advertisements that are relevant to specific users and adapted to their interests. These cookies register whether you have visited a website or not, and this information can be shared with third parties.
Every time you visit the Site, you will be prompted to accept non-essential cookies. The purpose is to enable our Site to remember your preferences for a certain period of time.
Cookies can also be used to establish anonymized statistics about the browsing experience on our Site.
Which types of cookies do we use?
Type of cookie
Who Serves these cookies
Persistent / session
Purposes / Additional information
Change cookie settings
Essential
Amazon AWS
Persistent
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Site and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Site to you, you cannot refuse them.
Analytical / performance
Google Analytics
Persistent
We use Google Analytics to gain insights into how users use our Service, and to improve the functionality of the Service.
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can you control cookies?”
You can learn more about Google’s practices at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
and view its currently available opt-out options at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Analytical / performance
Amplitude
Persistent
We use Amplitude to track user language, location, device and browser used, and user sign in and actions.
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can you control cookies?”
You can learn more about Amplitude practices at
https://www.amplitude.com/privacy
OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies are not the only way to recognize or track visitors to a website. We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called “tracking pixels” or “clear gifs”). These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has visited our Site. In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will often impair their functioning.
HOW CAN YOU CONTROL COOKIES?
The cookies we use are designed to help you get the most from the Site, but if you do not wish to receive cookies, most browsers and devices allow you to change your cookie settings. Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. Please note that if you choose to refuse all cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Site. These settings will typically be found in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser.
In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/” or http://www.youronlinechoices.com.
For mobile users, you have controls in your device Operating System that enable you to choose whether to allow cookies or share your advertising ID with companies like Pelago or our advertising service providers. To block the IDFA on your iOS mobile device, you should follow this path: Settings > General > About > Advertising and then turn on ‘Limit Ad Tracking’. To block Android ID on your Android device, you should follow this path: Google Settings > Ads and then turn on ‘Opt out of interest-based ads’. Please note that deleting or blocking cookies may not be effective for all types of tracking technologies, such as Local Storage Objects (LSOs) like HTML5.
HOW CAN THIS COOKIE NOTICE BE MODIFIED?
This Cookie Notice may be amended from time to time by Pelago, at its sole discretion. Any and all changes to this Cookie Notice will be reflected here and the date of the latest version of the Cookie Notice will be stated at the top of this Site. Any material changes to this Cookie Notice will be communicated on this Site.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?
If you have any questions regarding our Cookie Notice, please contact us at privacy@pelagohealth.com.
Annex 4 – California Privacy Disclosures
In addition to the disclosures in our privacy policy, which identify how we collect personal information, how we use that information, the purposes of our use, to whom we may disclose that information, how long we retain information, and how we secure the information we collect, this section includes additional disclosures applicable to residents of California.
Shine The Light
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, allows California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below. However, please be aware that we are not sharing your information for any third party’s marketing purposes.
Selling and Sharing of Personal Information
Pelago has not sold consumers’ personal information in the preceding 12 months for any monetary value. However, our use of certain website cookies may be considered a “sale” of information under California law. In the past twelve months, we may have disclosed your internet activity or geolocation with third parties whose cookies are on our websites. These cookies are used to analyze usage of our website, provide you with relevant Pelago advertising and products, and provide additional, dynamic functionality to our websites. You can opt-out of the use of these cookies by using the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link in the footer of the web page. We also recognize opt-out preference signals contained in HTTP header fields.
Pelago does not “share” personal information as that term is used in the California Consumer Privacy Act.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive personal information for any purpose other than as permitted by applicable law. We do not sell or share your sensitive personal information as those terms are used in the California Consumer Privacy Act.
Financial Incentives
From time to time, we may offer financial incentives to consumers in exchange for the consumer sharing certain personal information with us. The specific instructions for how to participate and the rewards offered as incentives may vary and are set out within each program. Our good faith estimate of the value of your information is the value of the benefit we offer to you. We have calculated that value by using the expense to us of operating the program related to the benefit obtained by our running of the program. To participate in any incentive-based programs you can opt-in by signing up for the incentive when it is offered to you. Participation in our promotional programs is always optional, and you can terminate program participation at any time as explained in the applicable program terms. You can also contact us at privacy@pelagohealth.com to unsubscribe or cancel your participation in any program.
Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you are entitled to certain privacy rights relating to your personal information, subject to certain legal limitations. This section describes those rights and how you can exercise those rights.
Right to Access Personal Information
You have the right to access and know what personal information Pelago collects about you, and how it uses, discloses, sells such personal information. You also have the right to request, to the extent technically feasible, a portable set of your personal information.
Right to Request Deletion of your Personal Information
You have the right to request that Pelago delete the personal information it has about you. If we do not delete your personal information for reasons permitted under applicable law, we will let you know.
Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
You have the right to request that Pelago correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Right to Opt Out of Sale of your Personal Information
You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Data as described above.
Exercising Your Privacy Rights
If you are a California Consumer, to exercise your rights, please submit a request using one of the following methods:
Calling us at 1 877-349-7755
Emailing us at privacy@pelagohealth.com
Pelago cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or your authority to make the request. When you submit a request, we will take steps to verify your identity by comparing it to data in our possession or other methods such as, if you have an account with us, sending an email to the email address we have on file for you asking you to confirm your identity and that you have authorized a request. You are not required to create an account with us to submit a request. If you don’t have an account with us, or if you do but we need further information to verify your identity, we may ask you to provide us with information about yourself in order to verify your identity.
We will only use personal information you provide in connection with identity verification to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request and whenever feasible, we will attempt to match the information you provide with information we may already have about you.
If you wish to authorize a third party to make a request on your behalf through an authorized agent, you must contact us directly as provided above and you or your agent must provide a valid California power of attorney or comparable documentation of written permission from you and verification of your identity with Pelago. You may also make a privacy request on behalf of your minor child by contacting us as provided above.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate or retaliate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights identified in this privacy policy.
Introduction
1. Who is Responsible for the Use of Your Personal Information
2. How We Collect Personal Information from You
3. Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It.
4. How Long Will We Store Your Personal Information
5. Recipients of Personal Information
6. Marketing and Advertising
7. Protecting, Storing and Transferring Your Personal Information
8. Your Control Over Your Information
9. Disclosures for EEA Users
10. Notice to Residents of California
11. Notice to Residents of Nevada
13 Cookies, Tracking, and Do Not Track
14. Links to Third Party Sites
15. Our Policy Towards Children
16. Changes to This Policy
17. Contacting Us
Annex 1 – Personal Information You Provide to Us
Annex 2 – Personal Information Collected Automatically
Annex 3 – Cookie Notice
Annex 4 – California Privacy Disclosures
Say hello to brighter days together
Get started quickly. Reduce healthcare spend. Change lives forever.
Speak to sales
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://www.amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022