– 한국어:
개인정보 처리방침
/
게임서비스 이용약관 /
개인 데이터 삭제
– English:
Privacy Policy
/
Terms of Service
/
Subscription Terms /
Delete Your Personal Data
Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 2, 2017

We have created this Private Information Protection Policy to let you know how the private information provided by you, the user, is being used, and also to inform you of what steps are being taken to protect your private information.
This Private Information Protection Policy is based on the Company’s various Private Information Protection Policies, and is publically available in the Company’s website and/or within the service. The Company shall notify the users via the website’s notifications when it modifies the Private Information Protection Policy.
By Using this Application, You agree to this Privacy Policy.
The Company holds the right to change, modify, add and remove rights from this Terms of Service as necessary, and its effects are enforced from the date of the Last Modification notice. Should the Terms of Service be changed, the Company shall notify this via website or in-game notification, and must announce it 7 days prior to its application(30 days prior, should the changes affect the Users’ rights and duties in a severe, negative matter). Using this service continuously after the said changes is considered as agreeing to the said Terms of Service. If you want to delete your private information or have other questions, contact us at
support@nlabsoft.com
.
1. What Private Information Do We Collect from You, and Why?
Our company collects and maintains various private information about you in order to provide optimal service. “Private information” is information about you by which you may be identified. We currently collect private information about you via multiple methods such as your account and additional membership information(if applicable). The private information we may collect and maintain about you may include the following:
Your name, date of birth, and gender
Your IP address
Your email address
Cookies: In some cases, your phone or browser must accept cookies for us to provide better service. We do not use cookies either to collect individually identifiable information or to collect non-individually identifiable information using a cookie that is combined with a private identifier.
2. How We Use Your Information
In general, we collect, store and use your information to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. For example, we may use information collected from you in any one or more of the following ways:
Respond to your questions
Provide customer services and resolve any complaints
Improve the website, in-game features, etc.
Cross-reference the private information with other data to determine and plan future marketing and game designs to provide better game contents
We may provide your information to government officials and agencies as required by law, and partners as part of business operations, transaction processing, and marketing efforts, as identified below. For purposes of this privacy policy, “partner” shall mean any person or entity with whom we enter into any kind of business transaction who is under an obligation to us to use reasonable care to keep private information confidential.
3. Private Choice In the Disclosure of Your Information
If you do not want us to share your private information with our partners for various purposes, or if you do not want to receive certain communications from us, please let us know at support@nlabsoft.com.

If you believe that any private information collected by us about you is not correct or has changed, please send an email message to support@nlabsoft.com explaining the correction or change and providing any relevant confirmation or reference number.
4. If You Have a Privacy Question
If you have a privacy question, contact us at:
nlabsoftdev@gmail.com