Skip to main content
Close Search
Privacy
Policy
&
Cookies
Your privacy is very important to us. Please read below to see how Waterspeed handles information. Questions or comments about this Privacy Policy may be submitted by mail to the address
info@waterspeedapp.com
. Waterspeed is a mechanism for tracking, managing, and sharing all of your sports activities (eg. Sailing). It is provided to you by Waterspeed Technologies Limited, owner and developer of Waterspeed (“us” or “we” or “our” or “Waterspeed”). The Processing of your personal data takes place in compliance with applicable local data privacy laws, e.g. EU GDPR.
Controller and Data Protection Officer:
Waterspeed Technologies Limited
Unit GV-00-10-07-OF-02 Level 7, Gate Village Building 10
Dubai International Financial Centre, Dubai, UAE
info@waterspeedapp.com
Our Policy
Waterspeed provides users with information, services, and tools through the waterspeedapp.com website, the Waterspeed mobile applications (“Apps”) and other websites, apps, and online services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies with respect to how we collect, use, and share information through the Services. This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference in the Waterspeed
Terms of Use
, which govern your use of the Services.
By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, as defined below, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data through the Services, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to our offices and servers, or those of our affiliates or contractors, located in the United States and other countries. Those countries may have data protection laws that are different from those in your country of residence. If you would like us to cease using your Personal Data, you may delete your account or the Apps by following the instructions provided in the “Data Retention and Deletion” section below or exercise the choices described in the “Your Choices and Access to Information” section below.
If you are a resident of the European Union (“EU”), Waterspeed is the controller of your personal data for the purposes of EU data protection law.
Our Legitimate Interests
We process your information in furtherance of our legitimate interests, including:
providing and improving the Services, including any personalized Services. We do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests in providing and developing innovative and tailored offerings to our members on a sustained basis; and
keeping the Services safe and secure. We do so as it is necessary to pursue the legitimate interests of Waterspeed and its members in ensuring the Services are secure, and to protect against fraud, spam, and abuse, etc.
Information We Collect
We collect both Personal Data and Other Information in connection with the Services. “Personal Data” is information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person, such as your name, email address, and similar information associated with your Waterspeed account. “Other Information” is any information that is not Personal Data, such as information about the usage of the Services that does not identify you personally. If we combine Other Information with Personal Data, we will treat the combined information as Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We collect various types of Personal Data through our Services, including:
Personal Data That You Provide Directly to Us: We collect Personal Data when you voluntarily choose to provide such information directly to us, such as when you register for access to the Services, contact us with inquiries, make a purchase through the Waterspeed Store, respond to one of our surveys, participate in a promotion, claim a third-party reward or offer, or invite a friend to use the Services. Such information may include, among other things:
Name
Email address
Username and password
Shipping, Billing and Mailing address
Phone number
Gender
Birthdate
Photograph
Personal characteristics, such as weight and height
Social media handle (IDFA, GAID) and information passed along to us via your Apple, Facebook (Meta) or Google account
Messenger ID
Activity Data: We collect information about your use of the Services and your fitness activities through our Apps and through the wearable devices or online services that you associate with our Apps. Such information may include, for example:
Type, duration, and frequency of fitness activities (including certain background activities if you permit us to do so by turning on these features)
Distance, speed, pace, heading, and step count
Heart rate
Calories burned
Steps taken
Nutritional information
Training goals
Achievements
Health-related information that you provide to us
Location Data: The Services include various location-based features, such as mapping your outdoor fitness activities and providing information, offers, and advertising based on your location. We also may partner with third parties to analyze the location data that we collect in order to develop new products and services (such as identifying nearby or recommended running routes). To provide these location-based features and engage in such analysis, Waterspeed and our affiliates, partners, and licensees may collect, use, and share location data, including the real-time, precise geographic location of your mobile device.
To learn more about how we use and share location data, please see “Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information” and “Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information” below. If you would like to stop the collection of precise location information through our Apps, you can adjust your mobile device settings.
Contacts: We may collect information about contacts stored on your device, as well as friends you invite to the App, if you choose to share such information with us. We use this information to find, invite, and connect you with friends on the Services.
Social Media or Third-Party Account Information: We may receive Personal Data from your social media or other third-party account providers (such as Facebook, Apple, and Google) if you log into our Services using your social media account or link your social media or other accounts to the Services. In those circumstances, we may receive information from the third party, such as your email, username, profile picture, friends list.
User-Generated Content: We collect information when you submit comments, photos, reviews, messages, or otherwise post content to the Services.
We also collect Other Information through our Services. Such information may be collected passively using various technologies, or via submission of data by fitness devices you have configured to work with the Services. We may store such information ourselves, or it may be included in databases owned and maintained by our affiliates, agents, or service providers. We may use such information and pool it with additional information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to the Services, the number of visitors to each page of the Services, and the domain names of our visitors’ Internet service providers. Other Information may be collected in the following ways:
Log Data: When you use the Services, we automatically receive and record certain information from your computer, mobile phone, tablet, or other devices. This may include data such as your IP address, the pages you visit or features you use within the Services, the date and time of your activities on the Services, the URLs from the websites you visit before and after navigating to the Services, your software and hardware attributes (including operating system type and version, App version, device type, and device identifiers), your browser type and version, and your general geographic location derived through your IP address (e.g., your city, state, or metropolitan region). To obtain such information, we may use web logs or applications that recognize your device and gather information about its online activity.
Cookies: In providing the Services, we may use cookies. Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer, mobile phone, or other devices by your web browser. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Services and help us analyze usage of the Services more accurately. For instance, our Services may set a cookie on your browser that keeps you from needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the site. Cookies also can be used to collect information about your use of the Services during your current session and over time (including the web pages you view and the files you download), the operating system and browser type of your computer or other device, your Internet service provider, your domain name and IP address, your general geographic location, the website that you visited before the Services, and the link you used to leave the Services. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Services’ features (see below the related section for details).
Collaboration with Third-Party Data Collectors: We also may partner with certain third parties to collect, analyze, and use some of the information described in this section. For example, we may allow third parties to set cookies or use web beacons or other tracking mechanisms (such as tags or scripts) on the Services or in email communications from us, or we may allow third parties to use an application software development kit (SDK) or a server-to-server connection to collect information, including device identifiers. An SDK is a section of code that we embed in our Apps to allow third parties to collect information about how users interact with the app, and a server-to-server connection enables us to exchange data with third parties when an SDK integration is not feasible or practical. The information collected by third parties using these technologies may be used for a variety of purposes, including analytics and targeted interest-based advertising, as discussed below (see the section entitled “Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information”).
Demographic or Inferred-Interest Data: We may supplement the information that we collect with additional information that we receive from third parties, such as demographic or inferred-interest data.
De-Identified or Aggregated Information: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services, we may conduct research on our end users’ demographics, interests, and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research does not identify you personally. We may share this de-identified data with our affiliates, agents, and business partners. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics (which also do not identify you) in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
To help us understand how can we make our apps better for you we use Fabric platform with Crashlytics and Google Analytics to track bugs and usage of this app. This information is anonymous and does not provide us any identifiable personal information.
Our Use of Personal Data and Other Information
We use the Personal Data and Other Information we collect for various purposes, including:
To track your fitness activities and information, manage your goals and achievements, evaluate your progress, plan routes, and set challenges.
To provide you with location-based features, such as mapping your sports activities and providing information, offers, and advertising to you based on your location. We also may partner with third parties to analyze the location data that we collect in order to develop new products and services (such as identifying nearby or recommended running routes).
To provide the Services, create and manage user accounts, process payments, and orders, respond to your questions and requests, resolve complaints, and otherwise complete a transaction that you initiate or fulfill the terms of any agreement you have with us.
To communicate with you through email and notices posted via the Services. These communications may include a series of welcome emails that help inform you about various features of the Services. Please be aware that you will always receive certain emails from us related to the proper functioning of your account.
To send you promotional emails and newsletters, in a manner consistent with your email preferences and applicable laws. If you wish to opt-out of receiving promotional emails at any time, please click the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email. Please note that if you unsubscribe from promotional emails, you will continue to receive non-promotional emails with information relevant to your account and the operation of the Services.
To deliver offers and advertising about products and services we believe will interest you, including through online interest-based ads, targeted offers, location-based ads, and workout rewards.
To create a custom experience for our users and tailor our products and Services to your interests and preferences.
To enable social-sharing functionality, to find your friends on the Services, and to provide other features that allow you to communicate and interact with other users of the Services or users of third-party services that you connect to your account (such as Facebook or Twitter).
To conduct health and fitness-related research and collaborate with third parties for such research purposes.
To operate our business, prevent fraud, analyze the use of our Services, improve the content and functionality of the Services, and better understand our users.
To comply with legal or regulatory requirements and to defend or enforce our rights, including as described in the “Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information” section below.
To compile and share aggregated and de-identified information.
Sharing of Personal Data and Other Information
We may share your Personal Data and Other Information with third parties in the following circumstances:
Affiliates: We may share information with our corporate affiliates, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers, Agents, and Related Third Parties: We sometimes hire other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples include mailing information, email marketing, maintaining databases, and processing payments. When we use another company to perform a function of this nature, we may need to provide them with access to certain Personal Data or Other Information. We also partner with third parties to engage in analytics and interest-based advertising services, as described below in the “Third-Party Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising” section. We may use processors such as Adjust, Google, Facebook Meta, Mixpanel, Glassfy, Amazon Web Services, Inc., Emarsys eMarketing Systems AG, Pushwoosh, Inc., Wix.com Ltd., NewRelic, Inc., Apptimize, Inc. or Zendesk, Inc.
Location Sharing: We share location information automatically with some third-party partners, in order to provide the Services to you. We also share location information with other third parties with your explicit permission; when you choose to share it directly with other users, such as Facebook; if the data is in a de-identified or aggregated form; and to help us analyze location data or deliver relevant offers or advertising to you based on your location.
Your Sharing of Information through the Services or Third-Party Services: We allow you to share information about your sports activities and other actions with other users of the Services. We also enable you to share such information with users of third-party services, such as through your social media accounts. Please note that any Personal Data you provide to be displayed in your publicly-available online profile will be displayed for others to see. We cannot and will not be responsible for what third parties do with any Personal Data that you choose to make publicly available.
Social Networks and Messenger Services. You can decide to share finished activities via Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp, Telegram or any other messenger service you may use on your mobile device. Please note that we do not have any influence on or knowledge of the scope and the further use of the Data by the respective messaging service, and cannot take any responsibility for the use of your Data by the respective messaging provider. Please see the messaging service’s respective privacy policies for details.
Facebook Custom Audiences and Similar Programs: We may partner with Facebook and other social media partners to deliver advertisements to our users via the Facebook Custom Audiences program or a similar third-party program. In order to identify and reach our users on Facebook or another third-party service, we may share information such as an email address or phone number with Facebook or the other third-party service. If you would like to opt-out of receiving advertisements from us through such programs based on your email address or phone number, please send us an email at
info@waterspeedapp.com
. For more information about custom audience targeting and how to adjust your social media advertising preferences, please review the privacy policy of your social media provider.
Legal Requirements: We may also disclose your Personal Data or Other Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation such as a judicial or governmental subpoena or warrant, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to investigate or protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability, prevent suspected fraud, or establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights.
Financing, Business Transfers, and Similar Transactions: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event relating to all or a portion of our business or assets, Personal Data or Other Information may be part of the transferred assets. We also may share Personal Data or Other Information to facilitate the potential or actual financing, securitization, insuring, merger, acquisition, sale, assignment, bankruptcy, or other disposals of all or part of our business or assets.
De-Identified or Aggregated Information: We may disclose aggregate or de-identified information to third parties.
Our services (existing or coming soon):
Leaderboard: If you track an activity, you will automatically join a weekly/monthly Leaderboard of accumulated distance, duration, or number of steps among your friends. This means, once you add friends, you will be part of the Leaderboard. You can opt-out of this at any time in your privacy settings.
Challenges: These are competitions with a specific goal in a defined timeframe. There are different challenges available for registered users to join, with the possibility to win prizes. You can compare your ranking with all users who are part of the same challenge.
Information We Collect: When you join a Challenge, we may collect the following personal information:
Name: To identify participants on the leaderboard.
Profile Picture: To personalize your participation.
Location: To display regional rankings and provide localized content.
Challenge Data: Including scores, achievements, and other performance metrics.
Additional Information: Any other information that may be required to facilitate the Challenges feature.
How We Use Your Information: We use your personal information for the following purposes:
Leaderboard Display: Your name, profile picture, activity location (including maps) and performance metrics will be displayed on the public leaderboard accessible by all users of the platform.
Community Engagement: To enhance user interaction and engagement within our community.
Feature Improvement: To analyze and improve the Challenges feature based on user participation and feedback.
Sharing Your Information:
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties.
Your information will be publicly accessible to all users participating in the Challenges feature as part of the leaderboard.
By accepting to participate in a Challenge, you grant permission for any public user data (such as username, challenge performance, and ranking) to be shared on Waterspeed’s social media channels and email communications. Your participation in the Challenge implies consent to the publication of these public details in relation to the event or promotion.
If you do not wish for your public data to be shared in these communications, please contact us via email to request the exclusion of your data from public channels.
Waterspeed will not share any private or sensitive data without explicit consent.
Your Consent: By joining a Challenge, you explicitly consent to the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Clause. Participation is voluntary, and you may choose not to provide personal information by not joining the Challenge.
Groups & Communities: Every registered user can create groups and can invite other users to that group as well as users can be invited to communities. Within a group or community, you can interact with other members and compare your ranking with all users. First name, last name, profile picture and performance metrics (e.g. total distance, total duration) are visible to all users within a specific group or community.
LIVE Tracking: The Products will include soon a Live Tracking feature, which enables other App users to see the route and data, including heart rates, of your sports activity on certain of the Products. LIVE Tracking can only be either completely activated or completely deactivated. LIVE Tracking is deactivated by default and can be activated by you at your own discretion. Once activated, it stays activated for new activities, unless you turn it off again. By activating the feature, you accept the responsibility for such activation at your own risk. If you do not want to give third parties access to your training route and data, then LIVE Tracking should not be activated.
Third-Party Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising
Analytics: We partner with certain third parties to collect information for the purpose of engaging in analysis, auditing, research, and reporting on the Services and to understand the effectiveness of our advertising and email marketing. These third parties may use web logs or web beacons, and they may set and access cookies or use similar tracking technologies on your computer or other devices. They also may use SDKs and device identifiers, to collect information about your use of the Apps. In particular, our Services use Google Analytics, Crashalytics, Mixpanel, and Facebook Analytics to help collect and analyze certain information for the purposes discussed above.
Online Interest-Based Advertising: The Services also enable third parties to collect information through cookies, web beacons, and device identifiers, for use in online interest-based advertising. For example, third parties may use the fact that you visited our website or used our Apps to target online ads for Waterspeed services to you on non-Waterspeed websites or mobile apps. In addition, we or our third-party advertising networks might use information about your use of the Services to help target non-Waterspeed advertisements to you on unaffiliated websites or mobile apps based on your online activity in general.
We and our third-party providers may use collected information to establish connections among related web browsers and devices (such as smartphones, tablets, and computers) for advertising, analytics, attribution, and reporting purposes. We may match your browsers or devices if you log into the same online service on multiple devices or if your devices share similar attributes that support an inference that they are used by the same person or household. This means that information about your activity on websites or apps on your current browser or device may be combined and used with information collected from your other browsers or devices. For example, we or our third-party providers may use this information to deliver the same ad on multiple devices, to limit the number of times you see an ad across your devices, and to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns across devices.
You may opt-out of our third-party service providers’ interest-based advertising practices and cross-device technologies in web browsers and mobile apps by following the instructions below. Please note that the opt-out will apply only to the specific browser or device from which you opt out, and therefore you will need to opt out separately on all of your browsers and devices. If you delete or reset your cookies or mobile identifiers, change browsers, or use a different device, any opt-out cookie or tool may no longer work and you will have to opt out again.
Privacy Settings, Data Retention and Deletion
We retain information for as long as reasonably necessary to deliver our Services to you or to fulfill the purposes described in this Policy. For example, we may retain your profile information and information about your sports activities for as long as you maintain your Waterspeed account. This provides you with the ability to review your activities over time, track your progress toward personal goals and challenges, and remember your past achievements and milestones.
Because our users may take extended breaks from activities and may use our Apps on various devices, we do not delete information automatically based on account inactivity or when you uninstall our Apps from one of your devices. However, we provide you with the ability to delete information associated with your account, as follows:
You may remove a specific activity from your account within the Apps.
You may delete your account, and information associated with your account, sending us an email to
info@waterspeedapp.com
.
If you choose to delete your account, we will make our best effort to delete all information associated with your account, including your profile information, historical activities, historical location information, and third-party authorizations for services connected to your account (e.g., Facebook Meta, Google, Apple, etc.). However, please note that certain information may be retained in backup databases or for analytics purposes.
In limited circumstances, we may retain information for a longer period of time as required by law.
Use of Cloud Database, Services and Storage
Registration
If you register a Waterspeed account via social login, we will receive the following information:
Facebook: First and last name, email address, gender, birthdate, profile picture;
Google: First and last name, email address, gender, birthdate; and profile picture.
Apple: First and last name, email address.
Facebook Friend List
We will receive information about your friends on Facebook if you explicitly allow us to access it. We will use this information to make friend suggestions in the Products, but do not store it.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google. Google Analytics uses cookies. See our Cookie Policy for more information on cookies and how to opt-out of them. We use Google Analytics to analyze and constantly improve the use of our Products. The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests.
Firebase, Google Analytics for Mobile & Crashalytics
For our Apps we use Google’s Firebase, Google Crashalytics and Google Analytics for Mobile. Our Apps use identification for mobile devices, including the Google Advertising ID (“GAID”) and the ID for Advertising for iOS (“IDFA”), as well as technologies similar to cookies for the use execution of the Analytics for mobile service.
Purpose:
If you register a Waterspeed account or login to ab existing one, please be informed that Waterspeed uses Google Firebase as the Cloud database and storage service to store all your data, with the purpose of backup and automatic sync with other devices.
We also use Google Firebase and Google Analytics to analyze and constantly improve the use of our Products. Through the statistics, we are able to improve our services and make them more interesting for users. In those special cases in which personal data is transmitted to the USA, Google is certified via EU-US privacy shield. The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests.
Mixpanel
We also use Mixpanel to analyze and constantly improve the use of our Products. Through the statistics, we are able to improve our services and make them more interesting for users. In those special cases in which personal data is transmitted to the USA, Mixpanel is certified via EU-US privacy shield. The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests.
Meta Facebook Analytics
For our Apps we use Facebook Analytics. This allows us to track and analyze which marketing channels or sources, in connection with Facebook, are producing the best results for directing users to download the Products and to help us understand how our users are using our app. For this purpose, Facebook Analytics processes mobile identifiers such as the IDFA, GAID or similar mobile identifiers. The basis for the processing of Data are our legitimate interests.
External services details
Facebook Inc. (1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA, “Facebook”)
Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, “Google”)
Apple Inc., 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA; “Apple”
MIXPANEL S.L., Avenida Diagonal, 442 – P. 3 PTA. 1 08037, Barcelona, Spain: “Mixpanel”
Links:
Google Personalised Advertising:
https://support.google.com/adspolicy/answer/143465
Google Advertising Policies: https://support.google.com/adspolicy/answer/6020956
Facebook Lookalike Audiences:
https://www.facebook.com/business/help/164749007013531
Facebook Custom Audience Terms:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/customaudience
Apple Healthkit:
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/healthkit
Apple Core Motion:
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coremotion
Firebase & Crashalytics:
https://firebase.google.com/docs
Google Analytics:
https://developers.google.com/analytics/solutions/mobile
Facebook Analytics:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/analytics
Mixpanel: https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy
International transfers of your personal data
Please be informed that we may transfer and process any personal data you provide to us to countries other than your country of residence. The laws of these countries may not afford the same level of protection to your personal data. Waterspeed will therefore seek to ensure that all adequate safeguards are in place and that all applicable laws and regulations are complied with in connection with such transfer. More in particular for data transferred from the EU to countries outside the EU, Waterspeed is using Intra Group Data Transfer Agreements based on EU Model Clauses.
Security
We implement reasonable administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect the Personal Data provided via the Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error-free. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail or the Internet.
Data Integrity
We process Personal Data for our legitimate business purposes and in accordance with this Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their Personal Data whenever necessary.
Health Information and Apple HealthKit
We do not use information collected through the Services to infer health information that we consider sensitive, such as a user’s past, present or potential future health or medical condition or treatment, including but not limited to genetic, genomic, and family medical history. We may, however, infer a user’s potential interest in certain non-sensitive health and wellness categories, such as exercise and fitness activities, endurance activities, distance running, diet and weight loss, nutrition, healthy living, or physical and massage therapy. We may use this non-sensitive health and wellness information for the purpose of delivering more relevant content, services, offers, and advertising to our users.
We will not use the information gained through your use of the HealthKit framework for advertising or similar services, or sell it to advertising platforms, data brokers, or information resellers.
We will not use any data shared from Apple HealthKit for advertising purposes. For example, we request access to your phone’s geolocation data in order to log your run route, or infer certain information such as heart rate or other information about your perceived exertion, including power, cadence, height or other indicators to log. This information is not transmitted to any external service, and it is only used to track specific information through your expressed consent.
Children
We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13 and do not target our Services to children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide Personal Data through any of our Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to us, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Links to Other Websites or Services
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through the Services. The Services may contain references or links to other websites or services not operated or controlled by us (the “Third Party Services”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Services. The links from the Services do not imply our review or endorsement of the Third Party Services. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
EU Members’ Rights
If you are habitually located in the European Union, you have the right to access, rectify, download or erase your information, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of your information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited circumstances. We describe these rights below:
Access and PortingYou can access much of your Apps or by sending us an email to
info@waterspeedapp.com
.
Rectify, Restrict, Limit, DeleteYou can also rectify, restrict, limit or delete much of your information by sending us an email to
info@waterspeedapp.com
. Waterspeed will generally respond to your request within 10-14 business days.
ObjectWhere we process your information based on our legitimate interests explained above, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons.
Revoke consentWhere you have previously provided your consent, such as to permit us to process health-related data about you, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your information at any time. For example, you can withdraw your consent by sending us an email to
info@waterspeedapp.com
. In certain cases, we may continue to process your information after you have withdrawn the consent if we have a legal basis to do so or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities.
ComplainShould you wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Our Services may change from time to time. As a result, we may need to change this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. We will post any revised Privacy Policy on our website with an “effective date” indicating when the changes will take effect. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. Your continued use of the Services after a revised Privacy Policy becomes effective shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
Cookie Policy for Waterspeed app
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the site’s functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately, in most cases, there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
To use the Apps or the Services without creating an account, we don’t create any cookie. If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterward to remember your site preferences when logged out.
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
This site offers a newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
From time to time we offer user surveys and questionnaires to provide you with interesting insights, helpful tools, or to understand our user base more accurately. These surveys may use cookies to remember who has already taken part in a survey or to provide you with accurate results after you change pages.
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
In order to provide you with a great experience on this site, we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences, we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third-Party Cookies
In some special cases, we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solutions on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimizations our users appreciate the most.
In some cases, we may provide you with custom content based on what you tell us about yourself either directly or indirectly by linking a social media account. These types of cookies simply allow us to provide you with content that we feel may be of interest to you.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; Facebook, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
More Information
Hopefully, that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. However, if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods.
Email: info@waterspeedapp.com
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy & Cookie Policy or our information collection, use, and sharing practices, please feel free to contact us at any time at
info@waterspeedapp.com
Too good to
pass up right?
Useful Link
Login Web App
Support
Roadmap
Blog
About us
Work with us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Contact Us
Please feel free to contact us for any issue or request. We’d also love if you would share your feedback about how to improve Waterspeed.
Send us a message
2025 © Waterspeed Technologies Limited
facebook
instagram
Home Page
Support
About us
Contact Us
Login Web App
Menu Item
Close Menu
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Manage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the ...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
Cookie
Duration
Description
cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional
11 months
The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-others
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".
viewed_cookie_policy
11 months
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.