PICNIC
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Estsoft corp. ("Estsoft" ,"we," "us" or "our"). Our Privacy Policy explains how we and some of the companies we work with collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our mobile services, and any other services we provide (collectively, the “Services” or “PICNIC”).
1. Information We collect
We do not collect personally identifiable information from users and do not intend to do so. However we store or process non- identifiable information of users in a way of the followings: equipment identifier, operation system, hardware version, equipment set-up, log data, use time, preference, advertisement environment, visited pages regarding service use of users.
2. How We Use Information
We provide you with an amazing set of Services that we improve with the information we collect. But we do a lot more as well, such as:
•Provide and deliver the products, services, and functionality that you request, process transactions, and send you related information;
•Monitor and analyze trends and usage;
•Develop, improve, and refine products, services, and functionality;
•Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
3. How We Share Information
Here’s the type of information we may share about you with others and how we do so:
•We may share information about you with service providers who perform services on our behalf.
•With respect to jointly offered Services or functionality or services offered separately by other companies through our Services, we may share information about you with business partners to provide the Services and functionality you request and to communicate with you about those Services;
•We may share information about you in response to legal process or a request for information if we believe disclosure is consistent with, or required by, any applicable law, rule, or regulation; to investigate or remedy potential violations of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others; or in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
•We may share information about you with your consent or at your direction, or as otherwise provided in this privacy policy.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you. The Services may also contain third-party links or be a co-branded or third-party-branded Service that’s being provided jointly with or by another company. By going to those links or by using a co-branded or third-party-branded Service, you may be providing personal information directly to the third party, us, or both. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for how those third parties collect or use your information. As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party website or service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our Services.
4. Use of 3rd Party Analytics
PICNIC use a tool called “Google Firebase” to collect information about use of this app. Google Firebase collects information such as how often users visit this app, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other apps they used prior to coming to this app. We use the information it gets from Google Firebase only to improve this app. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Firebase with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Firebase about your visits to this app is restricted by the Google Firebase Terms of Service and the Google Privacy Policy.
5. Retention and use period of personal information
The Company will keep the personal information you provide for the following period. If your account is active (the period required to meet one of the available purposes listed in this Privacy Policy), or if there is any provision in the applicable statute.
6. Procedures to destroy and destroy personal information
In principle, the personal information of the user is destroyed without delay when the purpose of collecting and using the personal information is achieved. The procedure and method of destroying personal information of the company are as follows.
1) Destruction procedure
- The information entered by the user for the service subscription, etc., is transferred to a separate DB after the purpose is accomplished and is stored for a certain period of time according to the internal policy and other relevant laws and regulations (refer to the period of use and use).
- Personal information will not be used for any purpose other than those held by law unless otherwise provided by law.
2) Destruction method
- Personal information printed on paper is crushed by a crusher or destroyed by incineration.
- Personal information stored in the form of an electronic file is deleted using a technical method that can not reproduce the record.
7. Person in charge of personal information management and consultation / notification
You can inquire about the management of your personal information by phone or fax.
Customer Center: 1544 - 8209 / FAX: (02) 882 - 1155
- Personal Information Protection Officer : Head of IT Planning Office
- Department in charge of related tasks : Information Security Team
- Tel : 02-583-4620, E-mail :
privacy@estsoft.com
- You may be consulted through the Cyber ​​Crime Division of the Supreme Prosecutors' Office in order to receive relief from personal information infringement.
Personal information manager and consultation / notification
National Police Agency
Cyber Security Bureau
home page :
http://cyber.go.kr
Phone: (Without area code) : 182
Supreme Prosecutors' Office
Cyber Investigation Department
home page :
http://www.spo.go.kr
Phone: (Without area code) : 1301
Privacy Complaints Center
(Korea Internet & Security Agency)
home page :
http://privacy.kisa.or.kr
Phone: (Without area code) : 118
Personal Information Dispute Resolution Committee
(Korea Internet & Security Agency)
home page :
http://privacy.kisa.or.kr
Phone: (Without area code) : 118 (Extension 2)
8. Duty of Notification
In case of addition, deletion and modification of personal information processing policy, we will notify you through application notification and store announcement at least 7 days before revision.
[Addendum]
Enacted: April 22, 2021
©ESTsoft Corp.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://privacy.kisa.or.kr/:
본문내용 바로가기
주메뉴로 바로가기
풋터 바로가기
+ 대국민서비스 바로가기
대표웹사이트
이용안내
신고센터
이용방법
처리절차
타 신고기관 안내
신고·상담
침해 신고·상담 방법
신고·상담 하기
신고 처리상태 확인
기업·공공기관
기술지원
개인정보유출 신고
알림마당
공지사항
이용안내
신고센터
이용방법
처리절차
타 신고기관 안내
신고·상담
침해 신고·상담 방법
신고·상담 하기
신고 처리상태 확인
기업·공공기관
기술지원
개인정보유출 신고
알림마당
공지사항
모바일메뉴닫기
※인증시간이 10분 남았습니다.
개인정보침해 신고·상담
만 14세 미만
신고·상담 신청
만 14세 이상
신고·상담 신청
나의 신고
처리상태 확인
개인정보 바로알기
개인정보보호 온라인 교육
개인정보 열람 요구
개인정보처리방침
찾아오시는 길
고객광장
RSS
전자우편무단수집거부
전자우편 무단수집 거부
본 웹사이트에 게시된 전자우편 주소가
전자우편수집 프로그램
이나 그 밖의 기술적 장치를 이용하여 무단으로 수집되는 것을 거부하며, 이를 위반시
정보통신망 이용촉진 및 정보보호 등에 관힌 법률에 의해 처벌
받을 수 있습니다.
확인
전자우편 무단수집 거부
본 웹사이트에 게시된 전자우편 주소가
전자우편수집 프로그램
이나 그 밖의 기술적 장치를 이용하여 무단으로 수집되는 것을 거부하며, 이를 위반시
정보통신망 이용촉진 및 정보보호 등에 관힌 법률에 의해 처벌
받을 수 있습니다.
확인
[나주본원]  58342 전남 나주시 진흥길 9(빛가람동) 한국인터넷진흥원 개인정보침해 신고센터
TEL. 118  /  FAX. 061-820-2619
© 2019 KISA. All rights reserved.
웹접근성 인증 마크