Let's Dream a Dream
We design and develop amazing (or not?) apps for iOS /Android platforms. Currently, we also freelance outsourcing iOS jobs.
About Us
What's News?
Seconds Shooter
2D Horizontal Shooting Game
Seconds Shooter is a 2D horizontal shooting game, it’s fun and challenging with a unique collision system that will keep you occupied for hours. Just fly as far as possible and fight with epic bosses.
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/seconds-shooter/id1207667882?mt=8
Our iOS Apps
Keep walking...
Seconds Shooter
2D Horizontal Shooting Game
Seconds Shooter is a 2D horizontal shooting game, it’s fun and challenging with a unique collision system that will keep you occupied for hours. Just fly as far as possible and fight with epic bosses.
Secret Password Keeper
Secret Password keeper can keep your passwords safe.
This app looks like a browser, but it's a secret password keeper, you can log in to your password list page by Touch Id or password. Just enjoy it!!
Fake Messages
Make fake messages. You can receive fake message notifications from idols and celebrities.
Features:
• Real messages, not a lock fake lock screen
• Messages from idols
• Messages from celebrities
• Warning of chill
• Warning of laughing out loud
Sweet Minder
Help you remember some important things or mottos every day.
This application will help you remember some essential things or mottos every day.
InsightCam
A real browser with an camera.
"InsightCam" is a very convenient camera app that has a real browser with a camera, you can take pictures/videos of your child or anything in an efficient way while you are browsing any websites.
DizzyMeow
It's very difficult to play very well !
DizzyMeow is a 2D horizontal space shooter game, it’s fun and challenging with a unique collision system that will keep you occupied for hours. Just fly as far as possible and share your best flight with your friends!
Letscam
What makes a photo tell a story?
Make your photo cuter with cute decoration items, and share the picture with your friends, you will want to take photos every day!
Epic Ruler
Actually, your iPhone is also a ruler?
This app can turn your phone into a handy pocket ruler that includes both inches and centimeters.
SpyCam - Silence
Have you ever wanted to capture photos/videos secretly without anyone noticing?
"Silence" is a high-security spy camera app that has a real browser with a hidden camera, you can take pictures/videos of your child or anything in a discreet way without them knowing what you're doing. What will you spy on?
領養毛小孩
以領養代替購買,以結紮代替撲殺.
"領養毛小孩" 提供了全國縣市待領養的動物與相關連絡資訊, 請有意願養寵物的大家可以以領養代替購買,以結紮代替撲殺.
農業交易報告 - 台灣農產品交易每日查詢
生意人與持家媽媽的好幫手
農業交易報告App提供了台灣的每日農產品交易行情, 包含了交易價格與交易量, 是各位生意人與持家媽媽的好幫手, 每日更新資料.
Go Where - 台灣活動/展覽資訊
最快樂是, 一起快樂.
難得放假不知道去哪裡嗎？打開"Go Where"讓你知道有哪些活動正在進行中, 讓你的假日不再無聊, 一起參加優良活動吧～ : )
台灣捷運地圖 (台北, 高雄)
捷運路線圖隨身看.
台北, 高雄捷運路線圖隨身看, 熱門景點介紹與導航隨身查, 伴您享受愉快盡興的捷運旅遊之旅! 操作簡單易上手, 適合追求極致簡便的旅者.
口袋優惠券
優惠券隨身帶
“口袋優惠券” 能夠自動為您搜尋網路上麥當勞, 肯德基, 星巴克...等熱門店家的優惠劵, 簡單好用的設計讓您的生活更加經濟與便利!
口袋優惠券
優惠券隨身帶
“口袋優惠券” 能夠自動為您搜尋網路上麥當勞, 肯德基, 星巴克...等熱門店家的優惠劵, 簡單好用的設計讓您的生活更加經濟與便利!
必勝秘笈
必勝秘笈.
必勝秘笈主要功能包含了:
1. 遊戲類別介紹
2. 每日占運
3. 記帳功能
4. 本機狀態查詢
5. 公告
AnytimeCam
A very convenience camera app
AnytimeCam is a very convenient camera app that has a browser in the foreground and a camera in the background, you can take pictures/videos of your friends or anything in aN efficient way while you are browsing any websites.
Our Android Apps
(Update of our Android apps is already stopped)
Seconds Shooter
2D Horizontal Shooting Game.
Seconds Shooter is a 2D horizontal shooting game, it’s fun and challenging with a unique collision system that will keep you occupied for hours. Just fly as far as possible and fight with epic bosses.
Secret Drawing
Don’t you wish your boyfriend/girlfriend or someone to look over your phone book?
Secret Drawing Phone is a fantastic phone call app that allows you to have a private phone book. Through this app, you can create a secret gesture for your secret friend’s phone number, and draw the gesture on this app’s drawing board to make a phone call to her/him. In addition, you can also set a "Pass-gesture" for your phone book if you need. I bet you will love this app!
Elegant Task Killer
Do you often feel your phone
running
slowly or
your
battery is exhausted soon?
There are many types of task-killer apps with various utilities on the app market, but them usually consume high CPU and memory resource by themselves. For this reason, we developed Advanced Task Killer+, it is very efficient and only consumes very low CPU and memory resources, I bet you will love it.
Secret Message
Did
you ever want to send
a
secret
message
to someone?
Easy to use this app to encrypt your secret message and send it to your friends.
Elegant Torch
Turn your phone into a torch.
This is the brightest torch/strobe/flashlight app. Turn your phone into a torch. It helps find your way in a dark room or the movie theater that you keep stepping on.
Elegant Notepad
With Elegant notepad, you haven’t to write down notes in a paper.
Elegant Notepad is an elegant, efficient and easy way to keep notes on your phone.
Epic Task Killer
If you often feel your phone's battery is exhausted soon, you should install this app.
There are many types of task-killer apps on the market, but they usually consume high CPU and memory resources. Epic Task Killer is the new generation of system management technology, it is very efficient and only consume very low CPU and memory resource. If you often feel your phone runs slowly or the battery is exhausted soon, you should install Epic Task Killer.
台北捷運指南
台北捷運地圖隨身查
搭乘台北捷運時，開發者時常會有搞不清楚要搭乘哪條線、到哪一站的煩惱。然而，在人擠人的捷運中，頻繁的跑去查看牆上的指示其實並不是很方便。因此，我們開發了這款『台北捷運指南』，讓像開發者一樣(路癡...XD)的您，可以隨時拿起手機查看捷運地圖，希望大家會喜歡。
高雄捷運指南
高雄捷運地圖隨身查
搭乘高雄捷運時，開發者時常會有搞不清楚要搭乘哪條線、到哪一站的煩惱。然而，在人擠人的捷運中，頻繁的跑去查看牆上的指示其實並不是很方便。因此，我們開發了這款『高雄捷運指南』，讓像開發者一樣(路癡...XD)的您，可以隨時拿起手機查看捷運地圖，希望大家會喜歡。
Our Team
We care about awesome features to get the job done.
Frank Chen
Founder
10+ years of professional experience in iOS/Flutter/Android/Windows App development.
2+ years experience in app UI/UX design by Figma/Sketch.
Bu Bu
Pet
Treat us a can of beer
With your support
,
we can just keep walking.
Privacy Policy
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy for our Apps is managed with the help of
Privacy Policies
.
Our Apps just use the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Connect With Us
Provide outsourcing jobs to us,
Provide ideals or suggestions to us,
Work with us,
Or just make friends with us.
Mail: Unknown0521@gmail.com
ID: unknown_chen
Cookie的使用
我們使用cookies來確保流暢的瀏覽體驗。若繼續，我們會認爲你接受使用cookies。
確認
了解更多
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacypolicies.com/free-privacy-policy-generator/:
PrivacyPolicies.com
#1 Privacy Policy Generator
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Generating a Privacy Policy for your website or app can be confusing and time-consuming. Worse, hiring an attorney to do the same thing will likely cost you $1000+. There's no one-size-fits-all policy template (no matter what our competitors say!), and your Privacy Policy needs to be tailored to your website or app to do the job right.
With our Free Privacy Policy generator, you don't need to hire an expensive attorney or roll the dice on "borrowing" somebody else's template or copying & pasting a generic Privacy Policy.
We can help you generate a customized Privacy Policy in around three minutes for free.
Create your Privacy Policy today
Preview
Privacy laws require you to have a Privacy Policy
Your business will need a Privacy Policy to satisfy country-level privacy laws. Don't worry if you're not an expert on these, just tell us the countries where your business is available in.
CPRA, CCPA & CalOPPA
CPRA, CCPA & CalOPPA protect personal data belonging to residents of California. If you collect personal information online in the U.S, we'll make sure your Privacy Policy complies with CPRA, CCPA & CalOPPA laws.
GDPR
GDPR controls data privacy in the EU. If your business operates within an EU member state or collects personal data from EU citizens, we'll generate a Privacy Policy that includes the necessary GDPR wording.
The rest of the world
Our Privacy Policies are adapted to be a fit with major privacy laws around the world to keep your business safe.
Our Privacy Policy Generator
Third-party services require you to have a Privacy Policy
Third parties usually require websites to have a Privacy Policy.
Analytics (Google Analytics, etc.)
If you monitor website traffic using analytics tools like Google Analytics, we'll make sure your website's Privacy Policy meets their Terms and Conditions requirements.
Payments (PayPal, Stripe, etc.)
If you accept payments from users on your website or app, we'll make sure to include the necessary text in your PayPal as required by PayPal, Stripe, etc.
Ads & Remarketing (Google Ads, Facebook, etc.)
If you either display ads in your website or app or run marketing campaigns (such as remarketing), you need to comply with various third-party requirements on what to include in your Privacy Policy.
Link to your Privacy Policy from anywhere
Use your custom generated Privacy Policy anywhere: on your custom website, on your Wix website, on your WordPress blog, on your Facebook Page, it doesn't matter. We host your custom Privacy Policy for free and you can link to it from your website.
Download your Privacy Policy
If you prefer to host the generated Privacy Policy yourself, you can download it to your computer. We'll make the generated Privacy Policy available to you in multiple formats: HTML, plain text (.TXT file), DOCX or PDF.
Privacy Policy Generator FAQs
Our Privacy Policy Generator is both free and premium (you can choose!). You can choose to generate a free Privacy Policy or you can choose to generate a professional Privacy Policy.
You can choose to include GDPR text in the Privacy Policy as part of the Privacy Policy Generator steps.
You can choose to include CCPA text in the Privacy Policy as part of the Privacy Policy Generator steps.
You can choose your Privacy Policy to be generated for a website, for an app or for both.