Privacy Policy
Last Updated 23 August, 2021
Introduction and Who We Are
Thanks for choosing Workshop.
We at Workshop Tech Solutions Ltd (“Workshop”, “We”, “Us” or “Our”) respect your privacy and want you to understand how we collect, use, and share data about you through our mobile services, web site, and any software provided on or in connection with Workshop services (collectively, the “Services”). Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do. If you do not understand any aspects of our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at
privacy@workshop.ws
. Your use of our Services is also governed by our
Terms of Use
.
If you reside in the UK or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Workshop is the data controller of all Personally Identifiable Information (as defined below) collected via the Services and of some Personally Identifiable Information collected from third parties or from tutors, mentors and partner businesses and organisations (collectively “Partners”), as set out in this Privacy Policy.
In some situations, Workshop acts as the data processor of Personally Identifiable Information collected by Partners. When Partners are the owners of content that they upload, submit, or otherwise provide to the Platform (“Partner Content”), then they are the data controller with respect to any personal information included in their Partner Content. Workshop acts as a processor when it processes Partner Content on behalf of the Partner.
What Information this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers our data collection practices and describes your rights to access, correct, or restrict our use of your personal data. It also serves to help you understand what data we collect with your permission, and what we do — and do not do — with it.
This Privacy Policy applies to your use of Workshop Services. As used herein the term “use” shall mean use, access, install, sign into, connect with, contribute to, download, visit or browse the Services.
Some of our Services functionality can be used without revealing any Personally Identifiable Information, though for features or services related to courses, Personally Identifiable Information is required. “Personally Identifiable Information” (i.e., information that can be used to identify you) can include information such as your name and email address, among other things. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personally Identifiable Information you submit to Workshop. Inaccurate information may affect your ability to use the Services, the information you receive when using the Services, and our ability to contact you. For example, your email address should be kept current because that is one of the primary manners in which we communicate with you.
Broadly speaking, there are two categories of information we collect: 1) information that we must have in order for you to use Workshop; and 2) information that we can use to provide additional features and improved experiences if you choose to share that information.
The first category includes:
Registration information, including your name, email, and other information you provide when you sign up for Workshop.
The courses you sign up to and your interactions with the Services. This allows us to make recommendations to you and suggest relevant content.
Technical information necessary to operate Workshop. This includes the type of browser and device you use.
The second category includes information that enables us to offer you additional features. We never receive any of the following information unless you expressly choose to share it with us. It’s as simple as that. Here are some examples:
Your photos: We will only access images that you specifically choose to share, and we will never scan or import your photo library or camera roll. This allows you to choose individual pictures to change your profile picture or upload as a challenge submission. You can stop sharing photos and revoke access at any time.
The distinction between these two categories is important. Information in the first category is information you must provide in order to use Workshop. When you agree to our Privacy Policy, you give us the right to collect this information and use it for the purposes described. Information in the second category is information we will only collect if you explicitly give us permission to do so in the future. For this second category of information, we will ask for your permission before first accessing it, we will describe how we will use it if you give us permission, we will only use the information for the purpose we described, and you will always have the ability to change your mind and revoke that permission. Acceptance of our Privacy Policy does not mean you have granted us permission to access or use information in the second category; we’re just explaining to you that one day we might ask you for that permission.
We will be clear with you about how and when we might share information.
In some situations, we will share certain information with third parties. For example, like most services, if you sign up for Workshop through a third party like Facebook or a mobile provider, we share some information with them and they share some information with us in order to enable your account. For the purposes of course delivery, we also share some information about you with our Partners (see ‘Sharing Your Data’ below).
We hope this helps you to understand our privacy commitments to you. Now, the details await you below, but please remember that this Introduction is part of the Privacy Policy itself — it’s our promise to you. If you ever have any questions or concerns, then please let us know at
privacy@workshop.ws
.
What data we collect
We collect certain data from you directly, like information you enter yourself, data about your participation in courses, and data from third-party platforms you connect with Workshop (such as Facebook). We also collect some data automatically, like information about your device and what parts of the Services you interact with or spend time using.
Data you provide to us
When you create an account and use the Services, including through a third-party platform or from a Partner, or fill in a form on our websites, we collect any data you provide directly, including:
Account Data
In order to use certain features (such as purchasing a course), you need to create a user account. When you create or update your account, we collect and store the data you provide, including Personally Identifiable Information such as your name and email address as well as your password. We also assign you a unique identifying number. We may use the Personally Identifiable Information that you provide when responding to your questions, or to send you updates about new courses offered by Workshop, and to send you email messages about maintenance or updates to the Services.
Profile Data
You can also choose to provide profile information such as your country of residence or preferred currency. Your Profile Data is private to you.
Device Data
We may provide features that rely on the use of additional information on your mobile device or require access to certain services on your mobile device that will enhance your Workshop experience but are not required to use the Services. (In other words, information that falls in the second category described in the Introduction to this Policy.)
For example, we might allow you to upload photos to your profile, connect with friends, or let you use voice commands to control the Services. Granting us access does not mean you are granting us unlimited access to that information or that we will access specific information without your permission. You do not have to give us such permission in order to use Workshop, and acceptance of this Privacy Policy does not mean you have granted us permission to access this information.
In particular:
Photos and Camera: We will not access your photos or camera without first getting your explicit permission and we will never scan or import your photo library or camera roll. If you give us permission to access photos or your camera, we will only use images that you specifically choose to share with us. (You may use our application to select the photo or photos you choose to share, but we will never import the photos you review except those you explicitly share.)
Shared Content
Parts of the Services let you interact with other users or share content publicly, including by posting questions and/or answers on a course page, sending messages to students or mentors, or posting photos or other work you upload. Such shared content may be publicly viewable by others depending on where it is posted. You should not include any Personally Identifiable Information or other information of a personal or sensitive nature, whether relating to you or another person.
Workshop Data
When you purchase and take part in courses, we collect certain data including which courses and assessments you’ve started and completed; your exchanges with mentors and other students; and questions and answers related to particular courses.
Payment Data
If you make purchases, we collect certain data as necessary to process your order. You must provide certain payment and billing data directly to our payment processing partners, including your name, credit/debit card information and billing address. For security, Workshop does not collect or store sensitive cardholder data, such as full credit card numbers or card authentication data.
Data About Your Accounts on Other Services
We may obtain certain information, including Personally Identifiable Information, through your social media or other online accounts if they are connected to your Workshop account. If you login to Workshop via Facebook or another third-party platform or service, we ask for your permission to access certain information about that other account. For example, depending on the platform or service we may collect your name, profile picture, account ID number, and login email address. We do not collect information on your gender or a list of friends and contacts.
Those platforms and services make information available to us through their APIs. The information we receive depends on what information you (via your privacy settings) or the platform or service decide to give us.
If you access or use our Services through a third-party platform or service, or click on any third-party links, the collection, use, and sharing of your data will also be subject to the privacy policies and other agreements of that third party.
Promotions, Contests, and Surveys
We may invite you to complete a survey or participate in a promotion (such as a contest, sweepstake, or challenge), either through the Services or a third-party platform. If you participate we will collect Personally Identifiable Information and store the data you provide as part of the participating, such as your name, email address, date of birth, or phone number. That data is subject to this Privacy Policy unless otherwise stated in the official rules of the promotion or in another privacy policy. The data collected will be used to administer the promotion or survey, including for notifying winners and distributing rewards. To receive a reward, you may be required to allow us to post some of your information publicly (like on a winner’s page). Where we use a third-party platform to administer a survey or promotion, the third party’s privacy policy will apply.
Communications and Support
If you contact us or our Partners for support or to report a problem or concern (regardless of whether you have created an account), we collect and store your contact information, messages, and other data about you such as your name, email address, location, operating system, IP address, and any other data you provide or that we collect through automated means (covered below). We use this data to respond to you and research your question or concern, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Website Forms and Lead Forms
We may use forms on our websites or on third-party platforms to request Personally Identifiable Information, such as your name, company and email address, in order to enter into a conversation about Workshop services, to access resources, to join a mailing list, or to provide Services or additional information. We will process and store this information according to this Privacy Policy.
The data listed above is stored by us and associated with your account.
Data we collect through automated means
When you access the Services (including browsing courses), we collect certain data by automated means, including:
System Data
Technical data about your computer or device, like your IP address, device type, operating system type and version, unique device identifiers, network connection type (e.g., WiFi, 3G, LTE) and provider, network and device performance, browser type, language, and other systems data, and platform types.
Usage Data
Usage statistic about your interactions with the Services, including courses accessed, interaction with courses, time spent on pages or the Services, pages visited, features used, your search queries, click data, date and time and other data regarding your use of the Services
Approximate Geographic Data
An approximate geographic location, including information such as country, city, and geographic coordinates, calculated based on your IP address.
The data listed above is collected through the user or server log files and tracking technologies, as detailed in the
Cookies and Data Collection Tools
section below. It is stored by us and associated with your account.
How We Get Data About You
We use tools like cookies, web beacons, analytics services, and advertising providers to gather the data listed above. Some of these tools offer you the ability to opt out of data collection.
Cookies and data collection tools
As detailed in our Cookie Policy, Workshop, our Partners and service providers acting on our behalf (like Google Analytics and third-party advertisers) may use server log files and automated data collection tools like cookies, tags, scripts, customised links, device or browser fingerprints, and web beacons (together, “Data Collection Tools”) when you access and use the Services. These Data Collection Tools automatically track and collect certain System Data and Usage Data when you use the Services. In some cases, we tie data gathered through those Data Collection Tools to other data that we collect as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use cookies (small files that websites send to your device to uniquely identify your browser or device or to store data in your browser) for things like analysing your use of the Services, personalising your experience, making it easier to log into the Services, and recognising you when you return. We use web beacons (small objects that allow us to measure the actions of visitors and users using the Services) for things like identifying whether a page was visited, identifying whether an email was opened, and advertising more efficiently by excluding current users from certain promotional messages or identifying the source of a new mobile app download.
Workshop uses the following types of cookies:
Preferences:
cookies that remember data about your browser and preferred settings that affect the appearance and behaviour of the Services (like whether you have dismissed an announcement)
Security:
cookies used to enable you to log in and access the Services; protect against fraudulent logins; and help detect and prevent abuse or unauthenticated use of your account.
Functional:
cookies that store functional settings (like the volume you set for video playback).
Session State:
cookies that track your interactions with the Services to help us improve the Services and your browsing experience, remember your login details, and enabled processing of your course purchases. These are strictly necessary for the Services to work properly. If these are disabled then certain functionalities will break or become unavailable.
You can set your web browser to alert you about attempts to place cookies on your computer, limit the types of cookies you allow, or refuse cookies altogether. If you do, you may not be able to use some or all features of the Services, and your experience may be different or less functional.
Some of the third-party partners who provide certain features on our site may also use Local Storage Objects (also known as flash cookies or LSOs) to collect and store data.
Analytics
We use third-party browser and mobile analytics services, such as Google Analytics and Firebase, on the Services. These services use Data Collection Tools to help us analyze your use of the Services, including information such as the third-party website you arrive from, how often you visit, events within the Services, usage and performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We use this data to improve the Services, better understand how the Services perform on different devices, and provide information that may be of interest to you.
Online Advertising
We use third-party advertising services like Facebook, Google’s ad services, and other ad networks and ad servers to deliver advertising about our Services on other websites and applications you use. The ads may be based on things we know about you, like your Usage Data and System Data, and things that these ad service providers know about you based on their tracking data. The ads can be based on your recent activity or activity over time and across other sites and services, and may be tailored to your interests.
Depending on the types of advertising services we use, they may place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, phone, or other device to collect data about your use of our Services, and may access those tracking technologies in order to serve these tailored advertisements to you. To help deliver tailored advertising, we may provide these service providers with an anonymised identifier representing you (in a non-human-readable form) and content that you share publicly on the Services.
When using mobile applications you may also receive tailored in-app advertisements. Apple iOS, and Android each provide their own instructions on how to control in-app tailored advertising. For other devices and operating systems, you should review your privacy settings or contact your platform operator.
What We Do With Your Data
We use your data to provide our Services, communicate with you, troubleshoot issues, secure against fraud and abuse, improve and update our Services, analyse how people use our Services, serve personalised advertising and content, and as required by law or necessary for safety and integrity.
In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we collect to:
help you efficiently access your information after you sign in
remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Services;
provide personalised content and information to you and others, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing
provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Services
develop and test new products and features
to communicate with you for Service-related or research purposes including via emails, notifications, text messages, or other messages, which you agree to receive
monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns
diagnose or fix technology problems
as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy.
Sharing your data
We share certain data about you with Partners, course providers, mentors, other students, companies performing services for us, our business partners, analytics and data enrichment providers, your social media providers, companies helping us run promotions and surveys, and advertising companies who help us promote our Services. We may share data in other ways if it is aggregated or anonymised or if we get your consent. We will only share the minimum data required for any purpose. For example, although we will share your name with your course mentor, we will not share your date of birth because it is not required to deliver course content.
Sharing by you
General
The Workshop Services are a collaborative learning service that offers many ways to find, learn, enjoy and share content. We encourage you to take advantage of these social features with others on the Services.
Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Services, such as User Content, becomes available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy settings that you set. Once you have shared User Content or made it public, that User Content may be re-shared by others.
If you remove information that you posted to the Services, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Services, or if other Users or third parties using the Workshop API have copied or saved that information.
Third party applications
Workshop enables you to share particular items of content that you have created or completed, on an individual basis, or to Third Party Applications, other Workshop users, and others. Please note that if you share content to a Third Party Application or a third party service, it may be viewable by others within the Workshop Services.
You understand and agree that a Third Party Application’s use of information collected from you (or as authorised by you) is governed by the Third Party Application’s privacy policies and your settings on the relevant service, and Workshop’s use of such information is governed by this Privacy Policy.
Sharing by Workshop
We may share your data with third parties under the following circumstances or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With course delivery Partners and your mentor
We actively share aggregated data with our course providers as part of our service to them, such as which courses our users have purchased or interacted with. This data may include things like location, device, the site that brought them to Workshop, but it will not contain any Personally Identifiable Information.
Additionally, when you join a course, we securely provide the course delivery Partner access to some limited personal information about you to enable the Partner to provide their services to you (in most situations this will be sharing your name and occasionally your email address with your course mentor). Workshop and Partners may each use this data for their own business purposes, at all times subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. The Partner and Workshop each act as an independent controller with respect to their particular use of this data. Partners acknowledge and agree that they are responsible for complying with all applicable laws and regulations related to the protection of personal information for which they are controllers.
If your personal information has been collected by a Partner, please contact the Partner directly and view their privacy policy if you have questions about how the Partner uses your personal information.
Further than this, we will only share your Personally Identifiable Information with Partners with your permission or if you request it.
With other students and mentors
Depending on your settings, your shared content and profile data may be publicly viewable to other students and mentors on your course. If you choose to use the social features, engage in class discussion or ask a question to a mentor, your information (including your name) may also be publicly viewable by other users depending on your settings.
With service providers, contractors, and agents
We may share your data with third-party companies who perform services on our behalf, such as payment processing, data analysis, marketing and advertising services (including retargeted advertising and customer management databases), email and hosting services, and customer services and support. These service providers may access your Personally Identifiable Information and are required to use it solely as we direct, to provide our requested service.
With analytics services
As part of our use of third-party analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, we share certain contact information, Account Data, System Data, Usage Data, or anonymised data as required. Anonymised data means data which does not contain any Personally Identifiable Information, replacing this with an anonymous token or ID. This allows these providers to provide analytics services.
To power social media features
The social media features in the Services (like the Facebook Share button) may allow the third-party social media provider to collect data such as your IP address and which page of the Services you’re visiting, and to set a cookie to enable the feature. Your interactions with these features are governed by the third-party company’s privacy policy.
For promotions and surveys
We may share your data as necessary to administer, market, or sponsor promotions and surveys you choose to participate in, as required by applicable law (like to provide a winners list or make required filings), or in accordance with the rules of the promotion or survey.
For security and legal compliance
We may disclose your data to third parties if we (in our sole discretion) have a good faith belief that the disclosure is:
Permitted or required by law
Requested as part of a judicial, governmental, or legal inquiry, order, or proceeding
Reasonably necessary to enforce our Terms of Use, and Privacy Policy
Required to detect, prevent, or address fraud, abuse, misuse, potential violations of law (or rule or regulation), or security, or customer service, or technical issues; or
Reasonably necessary in our discretion to protect against imminent harm to the rights, property, or safety of Workshop, our users, employees, members of the public, or our Services.
We may also disclose data about you to our auditors and legal advisors in order to assess our disclosure obligations and rights under this Privacy Policy.
During a change in control
If Workshop undergoes a business transaction like a merger, acquisition, corporate divestiture, or dissolution (including bankruptcy), or a sale of all or some of its assets, we may share, disclose, or transfer all of your data to the successor organisation during such transition or in contemplation of a transition (including during due diligence). If, in such instances, there are any changes in the terms of this policy, then these will be communicated publicly.
After aggregation/anonymisation
We can disclose or use aggregate or anonymised data for any purpose.
With your permission
With your consent, we may share data to third parties outside the scope of this Privacy Policy. This is unlikely to happen and you’ll be contacted directly in this case.
Retention
If you reside or are located in the UK or the EEA, we keep your Personally Identifiable Information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the Personally Identifiable Information is processed. The length of time we retain Personally Identifiable Information for depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
Security
We use appropriate security based on the type and sensitivity of data being stored. As with any internet-enabled system, there is always a risk of unauthorised access, so it’s important to protect your password and contact us if you suspect any unauthorised access to your account.
Workshop takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal data that we collect and store. These measures vary based on the type and sensitivity of the data. Unfortunately, however, no system can be 100% secured, so we cannot guarantee that communications between you and Workshop, the Services, or any information provided to us in connection with the data we collect through the Services will be free from unauthorised access by third parties. Your password is an important part of our security system, and it is your responsibility to protect it. You should not share your password with any third party, and if you believe your password or account has been compromised, you should change it immediately and contact
support@workshop.ws
with any concerns. If you believe Workshop has been subject to a data breach, report it to
support@workshop.ws
.
Your preferences and rights
You have certain rights around the use of your data, including the ability to opt out of promotional emails, cookies, and collection of your data by certain analytics providers. You can update or terminate your account from within our Services, and can also contact us for individual rights requests about your personal data. Parents who believe we’ve unintentionally collected personal data about their underage child should contact us for help deleting that information.
If you have any questions about your data, our use of it, or your rights, contact us at
privacy@workshop.ws
.
Your choices about the use of your data
You can choose not to provide certain data to us, but you may not be able to use certain features of the Services.
Opt-out from Promotional Emails
To stop receiving promotional communications from us, you can opt out by using the unsubscribe mechanism in the promotional communication you receive or by changing the email preferences in
your account
. Note that regardless of your email preference settings, we will send you transactional and relationship messages regarding the Services, which may include administrative confirmations, order confirmations, important updates about the Services, and notices about our policies.
Opt-out from Cookies/Web Beacons
The browser or device you use may allow you to control cookies and other types of local data storage. Your device may also allow you to control whether location or other data is collected and shared.
We will only use cookies with your permission. If you would like to opt-out from allowing us to use cookies:
Click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of
our homepage
, and click on the opt-out link.
Third-Party Tools/Analytics on the Website
To get information and control cookies used for tailored advertising from participating companies, see the consumer opt-out pages for the
Network Advertising Initiative
and
Digital Advertising Alliance
, or if you’re located in the European Union, visit the
Your Online Choices
site. To opt out of Google’s display advertising or customise Google Display Network ads, visit the
Google Ads Settings page
.
To opt out of allowing Google Analytics to use your data for analytics, see the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
.
Accessing, updating, and deleting your personally identifiable information
If you reside or are located in theUK or the EEA, you have the right to request that we:
provide access to any Personally Identifiable Information we hold about you;
prevent the processing of your Personally Identifiable Information for direct-marketing purposes;
update any Personally Identifiable Information which is out of date or incorrect;
delete any Personally Identifiable Information which we are holding about you;
restrict the way that we process your Personally Identifiable Information;
provide your Personally Identifiable Information to a third party provider of services; or
provide you with a copy of any Personally Identifiable Information which we hold about you.
You can access and update your personal data that Workshop collects and maintains as follows:
To update data you provide directly, log in to your account and update your account at any time.
To terminate your account:
Visit your
profile advanced settings page
and follow the instructions for deleting your account.
If you have any issues terminating your account, email us at support@workshop,ws or via our
Support Center
.
Please note: even after your account is terminated, some or all of your data may still be visible to others, including without limitation any data that has been (a) copied, stored, or disseminated by other users (including in course comments); (b) shared or disseminated by you or others (including in your shared content); or (c) posted to a third-party platform. Even after your account is terminated, we retain your data for as long as we have a legitimate purpose to do so (and in accordance with applicable law), including to assist with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We may retain and disclose such data pursuant to this Privacy Policy after your account has been terminated.
To request access, correct, or delete your personal data, email
privacy@workshop.ws
or write to us at Workshop Tech Solutions Ltd, 15 Dock Street, London, Greater London, E1 8JN. Please allow up to 30 days for a response. For your protection, we may require that the request be sent through the email address associated with your account, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. Please note that we retain certain data where we have a lawful basis to do so, including for mandatory record-keeping and to complete transactions.
Our policy concerning children
We recognise the privacy interests of children and encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. Children under 13 (or under 16 in the UK or the European Economic Area except for those over 13 who have parental consent to undertake courses specifically labelled for teenagers) should not use the Services. If we learn that we’ve collected personal data from a child under those ages, we will take reasonable steps to delete it.
Parents who believe that Workshop may have collected personal data from a child under those ages can submit a request that it be removed to
privacy@workshop.ws
.
Storage and processing
Your information collected through the Services may be stored and processed in the United Kingdom or any other country in which Workshop or its Service Providers maintain facilities.
Workshop or its Service Providers may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Information collected within the UK or the EEA may, for example, be transferred to and processed by third parties identified above, located in a country outside of these areas of jurisdiction, where you may have fewer legal rights in relation to your information. Please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
By registering for and using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to the United Kingdom or to any other country in which Workshop, or its Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
When we make a material change to this policy, we’ll notify users via email, in-product notice, or another mechanism required by law. Changes become effective the day they’re posted. Please contact us via email or postal mail with any questions, concerns, or disputes.
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. If we make any material change to it, we will notify you via email, through a notification posted on the Services, or as required by applicable law. We will also include a summary of the key changes. Unless stated otherwise, modifications will become effective on the day they are posted.
As permitted by applicable law, if you continue to use the Services after the effective date of any change, then your access and/or use will be deemed an acceptance of (and agreement to follow and be bound by) the revised Privacy Policy. The revised Privacy Policy supersedes all previous Privacy Policies.
Cookies Policy
Last Updated 23 August, 2021
Introduction
Workshop (“us”, “we”, or “our”) uses cookies on workshop.ws, workshop.co.uk, leithsonline.com (
a partnership between Workshop Tech Solutions Ltd. and Leiths School of Food and Wine Ltd.
) and affiliated websites (collectively the “Site”).
Our Cookies Policy describes what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we partner with may use cookies on the Site, and your choices regarding cookies. Please read this Cookies Policy in conjunction with our
Privacy Policy
, which sets out additional details on how we use personally identifiable information and how you can manage third-party cookie usage.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Site or a third-party to recognise you and make your next visit easier and the Site more useful to you. Essentially, cookies are a user’s identification card for the Workshop servers. Web beacons are small graphic files linked to our servers that allow us to track your use of our Site and related functionalities. Cookies and web beacons allow Workshop to serve you better and more efficiently, and to personalise your experience on our Site.
We use both session cookies, which expire after a short time or when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which remain stored in your browser for a set period of time. We use session cookies to identify you during a single browsing session, like when you log into Workshop. We use persistent cookies where we need to identify you over a longer period, like when you request that we keep you signed in.
How we use cookies and similar technologies
When you use and access the Site, we may place a number of cookies on your device.
Workshop uses or may use cookies and/or web beacons to help us determine and identify repeat visitors, the type of content and sites to which a user of our Site links, the length of time each user spends at any particular area of our Site, and the specific functionalities that users choose to use. To the extent that cookie data constitutes personally identifiable information, we process such data on the basis of your consent.
We use both session and persistent cookies on the Site and we use different types of cookies to run the Site:
Essential cookies:
necessary for the operation of the Site. We may use essential cookies to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent use of user accounts, or offer Site features or sync course progress between devices.
Analytical/performance cookies:
allow us to recognise you when you return to the Site. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies:
record your visit to the Site, the pages you have visited, and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make the Site more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
When using mobile applications, you may also receive tailored in-app advertisements. Apple iOS, Android OS, and Microsoft Windows each provide its own instructions on how to control in-app tailored advertising. For other devices and operating systems, you should review your privacy settings or contact your platform operator.
Third-party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-party cookies to report usage statistics of the Site and refine marketing efforts.
Tracking cookies:
follow on-site behaviour and tie it to other metrics allowing better understanding of usage habits.
Optimisation cookies:
allow real-time tracking of user conversion from different marketing channels to evaluate their effectiveness.
Partner cookies:
provide marketing conversion metrics to our partners so they can optimise their paid marketing efforts.
What are my privacy options?
You have a number of options to control or limit how we and our partners use cookies:
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings to decline cookies by consulting your browser’s support articles. If you decide to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in, customise, or use some interactive features in the Services.
Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies, so your browser’s cookie-management tools may not remove them. To learn more about how to manage Flash cookies, see Adobe’s
article on managing flash cookies
and
Website Storage Settings panel
.
To get information and control cookies used for tailored advertising from participating companies, see the consumer opt-out pages for the
Network Advertising Initiative
and
Digital Advertising Alliance
, or if you’re located in the European Union, visit the
Your Online Choices site
. To opt out of Google Analytics’ display advertising or customise Google Display Network ads, visit the
Google Ads Settings page
.
For general information about targeting cookies and how to disable them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
How to contact us
From time to time, we may update this Cookie Policy. If we do, we’ll notify you by posting the policy on our site with a new effective date. If we make any material changes, we’ll take reasonable steps to notify you in advance of the planned change.
If you have any questions about our use of cookies, please email us at
privacy@workshop.ws
.