Privacy Policy
PAMG Technology (PA Technology/PAMG/PAVN) has developed this Privacy Policy to help you understand how PAMG collects, uses and discloses information PAMG may collect from you and/or your device (computer, phone or other mobile device), or that you may provide to PAMG, while using PAMG’s mobile applications and any of PAMG’s websites located at www.pamobile.co. Collectively, the Apps and Websites are referred to as the “PAMG Services.”

If you have questions or complaints regarding PAMG’s Privacy Policy or practices, please contact PAMG at contact@pamobile.co
1. DEFINITIONS
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

“Financial Information” means information relating to payments and billing (e.g., name, account information, billing address) provided by you. All Financial Information is collected for billing and payment purposes only and will be protected and administered by PAMG and/or our authorized third party partners.

“Non-Personal Information” means information that, by itself, does not identify a specific individual or entity (e.g., demographic information, usage data or downloads).

“Personal Information” means specific identifiable information about an individual or entity which may be used to identify, contact or locate that person or entity (e.g., name, mailing address, Device ID (defined below), email address or phone number).
2. WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED?
Information You Provide. PAMG may receive and store any Personal Information, Financial Information and/or Non-Personal Information that you provide when you interact with PAMG. Some features and/or functionality of the PAMG Services may be unavailable if you choose not to share certain information. PAMG may use information you provide to communicate with you and to improve the PAMG Services. Here are some examples:

Email Communications. PAMG may use your Personal Information to send you newsletters and emails related to promotions and/or events. You can opt out of receiving promotional emails by following the instructions in the relevant correspondence. Once PAMG has processed your opt-out request, PAMG will not send you further promotional emails unless you later opt back in. Whether you opt out of receiving promotional emails or not, PAMG reserves the right to email you with respect to important information, notices or changes relating to the PAMG Services.

Contact Us. If you choose to use the “Contact Us” form you will be asked to provide Personal Information, request type of inquiry, and describe the purpose for which you are contacting PAMG. If PAMG is aware that you are under the age of 13, PAMG will delete your email address once your request has been fulfilled.

Geolocation Data. If your location services are enabled, PAMG may collect your geolocation information from PAMG’s mobile application, but does not ask you for, access, or track any location based information at any time while downloading or using other PAMG Services.

Push Notifications. On occasion, PAMG will send you push notifications when using PAMG’s mobile applications regarding alerts to new high scores, as well as other account information that may be important to you. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may opt-out from receiving them by turning them off at the device level through the settings of the device or by contacting PAMG at contact@pamobile.co

Other Information. You may provide other Personal and Non-Personal information whenever you interact with the PAMG Services, including, without limitation, when you search the PAMG Services, participate in a contest, survey or questionnaire, place an order, or communicate with PAMG by phone or email.

With any of the above actions, you may supply PAMG with information such as your name, address, phone number, alternate contact information, information about your use of the PAMG Services, personal descriptions and product descriptions.

Information Collected Automatically or Through Technology. PAMG may receive and store certain Personal Information and Non-Personal Information whenever you interact with PAMG. While you are able to visit the PAMG Services and remain anonymous, PAMG and/or PAMG’s third-party service providers may still collect Non-Personal Information through technological means. Such information may be gathered by the following methods:

Tracking. Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by us and our partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking user’s movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.

Device Information. When you download and use the PAMG Services, PAMG automatically collects information on the type of device you use, operating system, application version, and the persistent device identifier (“Device ID”). You consent to PAMG collecting this information.

Metadata. Metadata is data collected and used to facilitate the PAMG Services, monitor system usage, prevent fraud, and for other services. Some examples of metadata that PAMG may collect and analyze include, without limitation, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, computer and connection information (such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform), the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) click sequence to, through, and from the PAMG Services, including date and time, cookie number and any products, services or features you use or interact with arising out of or in connection with your use of the PAMG Services.

Log files. As true of most websites, PAMG gathers certain information automatically and stores it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.

Tools. PAMG may use software tools to measure and collect information about your use of the PAMG Services, including, without limitation, page response times, upload and file transfer errors, interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse- overs), features use, purchase tracking and order fulfillment and methods. Sometimes, you will have a choice whether or not to provide information, but if you fail to provide certain information it could impact some features and/or functionalities of the PAMG Services.

Information from Other Sources. PAMG may receive information about you from PAMG’s third-party service providers, or other sources such as purchase or redemption information,PAMG Services usage, payment information, reporting information, page-view information, technical, fulfillment, advertising, search information and credit history information.

Mobile Analytics. PAMG uses mobile analytics software to better understand the functionality of its Mobile Software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. PAMG does not link the information stored within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the application.

Local Storage Objects. PAMG uses Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML 5 or Flash to store content information and preferences. Third-parties with whom PAMG partners to provide certain features on PAMG’s site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML 5 or Flash to collect and store information. To manage Flash LSOs, please click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
3. HOW INFORMATION IS USED, SHARED AND DISCLOSED
PAMG does not sell, and generally does not disclose, your Personal Information to third-parties without your consent. Except as set forth in Section 10 of this Privacy Policy, parents have the right to consent to collection and use of personal information from their child without also consenting to its disclosure to third-parties, as PAMG does not share information that may be collected from your child. PAMG uses Personal, Non-Personal and Financial Information, among other things, to monitor system performance, analyze internal business systems, improve the PAMG Services, fulfill requests for additional products and services, contact you about promotional and marketing activities, provide customer support, and conduct research. The use and protection of information is an important component of PAMG’s business. Examples of how PAMG shares and discloses your information is as follows:

Legal. PAMG may disclose information you provide to respond to subpoenas, court orders, requests from authorities, and other legal process, and to establish/exercise PAMG’s legal rights. PAMG may also disclose your information to defend against legal claims when PAMG believes that disclosure is necessary to protect PAMG’s rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. PAMG may share Personal Information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of PAMG’s Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.

Business Transfers. As PAMG continues to develop its business, PAMG may reorganize as a business entity, acquire entities, subsidiaries, or business units, or enter into joint ventures with third-parties. In any of these types of transactions, any information you provide may be one of the transferred business assets (subject to any pre-existing privacy notice unless you consent otherwise). In the event that all or substantially all of PAMG’s assets are acquired or PAMG merges with a third-party, your information will likely be one of the transferred assets. You understand and agree that PAMG reserves the right to transfer any information collected from you in the case of any such transfer. In such event, PAMG will use reasonable efforts to notify you before Personal Information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control. PAMG may use third-party companies and individuals to perform functions on PAMG’s behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, processing payments, hosting, data storage, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. PAMG will provide such entities with access to certain information needed to perform their functions, but will take measures to ensure that they may not use it for other purposes. PAMG shares information only as described above and with third-parties that are either subject to this Privacy Policy or to a privacy policy that is at least as protective as this Privacy Policy.
4. SECURITY
The security of your Personal Information is important to PAMG. PAMG follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to PAMG, both during transmission and once it is received. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, PAMG cannot guarantee its absolute security. While no security system is completely secure, PAMG and its third-party partners and vendors take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access or disclosure of the information collected by PAMG. For PAMG, this includes, but is not limited to, ensuring that all Personal and Financial Information is disclosed only on a “need to know” basis and ensuring that all Personal Information collected by PAMG is done so via secured connections and protected and encrypted (using secure socket layer technology,”SSL”) by industrial grade security software to guard against unauthorized access.
5. ADVERTISING
PAMG partners with third parties to display advertising throughout the Services or to manage its advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests if you are older than 13, and contextual advertising if you are younger than 13. Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
6. SOCIAL MEDIA FEATURES AND TOOLS
The PAMG Services may include integrated social media features and tools, such as the Facebook “Like” button, the YouTube “Share This” button, and interactive mini-programs that run in the PAMG Services. These Features may collect information on your IP address, which page you are visiting on PAMG’s site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social media features and tools are either hosted by a third-party or hosted directly on the PAMG Services. Your interactions with these integrated social media features and tools are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
7. GOOGLE+ OR OTHER OPENID PROVIDER
You may be able to log in to some of PAMG’s mobile applications using sign-in services such as Google+ or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with PAMG such as your name and email address to pre-populate PAMG’s sign up form. Services like Google+ give you the option to post information about your activities on the PAMG website to your profile page to share with others within your network.
8. LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The PAMG Services contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by PAMG. Please be aware that PAMG is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. PAMG encourages you to be aware when you leave PAMG’s site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by the PAMG Services.
9. ACCESS/DATA RETENTION
If you or your child’s information changes, or if you no longer desire the PAMG Services, you may make corrections and updates, delete inaccuracies, or request deletion or further contact with you or your child, by updating your account information or by contacting PAMG at contact@pamobile.co. PAMG will respond to your access request within a reasonable timeframe.

PAMG will retain you and your child’s information for as long as you or your child’s account is active, or as needed to provide services. If you wish to cancel your child’s account or request that PAMG no longer use the information to provide services, contact PAMG at the email address listed above. PAMG will retain and use the information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
10. SPECIAL NOTICE REGARDING CHILDREN
PAMG does NOT collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent, except as permitted under COPPA.

If it comes to PAMG’s attention that Personal Information has been collected from a person under the age of 13, PAMG will delete this information as quickly as possible. If you believe that PAMG may have Personal Information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact PAMG at contact@pamobile.co.

Parental Access. If you wish to update, correct, or delete the Personal Information that PAMG has for your child, you may do so by contacting PAMG at contact@pamobile.co
11. CONDITIONS OF USE/CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
PAMG may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to information practices. If PAMG makes any material changes, PAMG will notify you by email if you have provided an email address to PAMG or by means of a notice on PAMG’s Services, prior to the change becoming effective. PAMG encourages you to periodically review this page for the latest information on its privacy practices. If PAMG makes material changes to how Personal Information collected from children under age 13 is used, PAMG will notify parents by email in order to obtain verifiable parental consent or, if PAMG does not have such emails to contact parents directly, by reasonable means on PAMG’s website for the new uses of the child’s Personal Information.
12. CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments regarding how PAMG protects your information or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: contact@pamobile.co

PAMG Studios,

1025/1A CMT8, Ward 7, Tan Binh, Ho Chi Minh City, VN