MongoLime - mobile MongoDB client
GET ON APP STORE
GET ON PLAY MARKET
Privacy policy
What information is collected on your device?
All information entered into MongoLime is stored locally and is never transmitted to a third party server. Data such as connection and SSH information as well as saved searches are stored in a MongoLime database on your devices file system. Information remains private between the device, the user (you) and the database server being used.
MongoLime makes use of the Google Analytics Mobile SDK and Fabric Crash Reporter. Metric information collected by Google Analytics is completely anonymous and cannot be traced back to you or your databases. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
How do we use the analytics information being collected?
Analytics information is used to assess user demographics such as language and demographics. Information such as iOS / Android version and device type is also assessed. This is useful for helping to improve the overall quality of MongoLime. This information is never traced back to an individual since the data is anonymous.
What control do you, as a user, have of the information collected?
MongoDB and SSH connection information is stored in a local database on the device. Removing the information from the device will delete it forever. Connection information is never backed up so when you don't see it on your device you can be sure it doesn't exist.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of Jul 25, 2017 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us
support@mongolime.zendesk.com
Fabric (by Twitter) Privacy policy:
https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf
Google Analytics Privacy policy:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
© MongoLime 2023