Privacy Policy
Shenzhen Ultra Easy Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter
referred to as “we”, “our” or “us”), provide you with exercise guidance and
health services. We understand that privacy is important to you and we will do
our best to protect your privacy. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself
with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.
Our promise
to you
This Privacy
Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, process and protect the
information that you provide to us when you use our products and services. If
we ask you to provide certain information in order to verify your identity when
using our products and services, we will use that information strictly in
accordance with this Privacy Policy and our User Terms and Conditions.
This Privacy
Policy is designed with your needs in mind, and it is important that you fully
understand of our personal information collection and usage practices, while
ensuring that ultimately, you can control your personal information provided to
us.
Under this
Privacy Policy, “personal information” refers to the information itself or the
data that can identify a specific individual after connecting other information
of individuals that we can access. Such personal information includes your
phone number and email address.
By using our
products and services, it means that you have read this privacy policy
statement and consent to our privacy practices as described in this statement,
including any changes we may make at any time. We are committed to protecting
the privacy, confidentiality and security of your personal information by
complying with applicable law including the data protection laws in your
region. At the same time, we are committed to ensuring that all our employees
and agents to fulfill these obligations.
Ultimately,
what we want is the best for all our users. If you have any questions about our
data handling practices as summarized in this Privacy Policy, please contact us
via support@ute-tech.com.cn to address your specific concerns. We will be happy
to help you.
1. What
information is collected by us and how do we use it?
1.1 What
information is collected by us?
In order to
provide our services to you, we will ask you to provide personal information
that is necessary to provide you with the services. If you do not provide your
personal information, we may not be able to provide you with our products or
services.
We collect
the following types of information ((whether it is personal information or
not):
Information
about you: We may collect and use QQ, WeChat, Facebook and Twitter accounts,
cell phone number, email address, avatar, personal signature, nicknames,
gender, time zones, languages, and your sports preferences.
Personal
Body Information: When you activate App, we may need you to provide height,
weight, gender and age data.
Information
Recorded by your Device: When you use the App to synchronize device data, your
personal data is recorded. For example, activity information, sleep
information, heart rate, blood oxygen saturation, weight, stroke times, stroke
velocity, swimming times, resistance value, stroke length, stroke, pace,
exercise time, body temperature, blood pressure, body fat, ECG, respiration
rate, mood, and stress information.
Incoming
call information: When you use the functions, such as incoming call, SMS
reminder and contact list, APP will get the incoming calls, SMS and address
book data, and with your consent, we will obtain incoming calls, messages and
contact information for display, but the App will not save your incoming call,
message, contact and other related information.
Cell phone
information: The operating system version and brand model of your mobile phone
may need to be collected when you use the APP.
Music
Control Information: When you use music control functions, the music
information (e.g. song name, album name, singer, the playing topic, the status
of song) will be obtained from your cellphone and synchronized to the device.
This information will only be displayed on the device and we will not save this
information.
Location
Information: When you use location-based program services or features, we may
collect your location information.
Feedback
information: When you submit your feedback, related user feedback logs, contact
and other information will be collected according to your choice.
Device
Information: When you use the APP to connect to a hardware device, including
but not limited to the unique identifier, firmware version, approximate
geographic location data (non-personal data) and related function usage
statistics (non-personal data) will be transmitted to the server. The above
data collection may also apply to your updated system or software and factory
settings, etc.
If you have
set your goals and heart rate reminders in the APP, you will fill in your own
sports goals, weight goals, and heart rate. The reminder value will be
collected so as to remind or warn you when the goal is reached. When you use
female health function, the data provided by you will be collected, for
example, the number of days of menstruation duration, the number of days
between the start of menstruation, the date of the most recent menstruation,
and the start date and end date of menstruation submitted that every time you
use it. Your body condition and mood during the menstruation will be collected.
If you choose to make the watch dial by yourself, the pictures you upload will
be collected by us for serving as your watch dial background.
Relatives
and friends information: You can choose to add other users as your relatives
and friends through the relatives and friends functionality. After your
relatives and friends are authorized, their data (such as activity, sleep,
weight, heart rate, blood pressure, body temperature, body fat, blood oxygen,
ECG data, etc.) will be used to show you.
Software
installation list: Your software installation list may need to be collected
when you use the login function and APP push services.
The app uses
Apple HealthKit, which will be used to measure the user's steps, walking +
running distance, activity energy, height, sleep, weight, and heart rate after
the user opens it.
1.2 How we
use your personal information
？
The purpose
of collecting personal information is to provide you with products and
services, ensuring that we comply with applicable laws. You hereby consent to
our process and disclose personal information to our affiliated companies
(which are in the communications, social media, technology and cloud
businesses) and to Third Party Service Providers for the purposes of this
Privacy Policy.
We use your
personal information we collect for the following purposes:
Set up a
sports account: When you create a sports account through the APP, the
information you fill in will be used to create your sports account and to
display related data in the APP.
Calculate
exercise and health results: We will use personal body data and the data
recorded by the device to calculate exercise and health results, and show you
the results in the APP and device, such as BMI, muscle, body fat, moisture,
protein, basal metabolism, internal organs fat, bone mass, body size, body age,
emotion stress, calorie consumption, maximum oxygen uptake, training effect,
training load, recovery time and oxygen saturation.
Analyze body
condition: Based on your personal body data and the data recorded by the
device, we will provide you with the analysis related to your body condition
for your reference. For example, we provide you with a range of ideal weight
values for your reference, and show you your current and all-day stress value,
and stress change tendency.
Provide
sports services: After the devices are synchronized with the APP, the data
recorded by the device will be synchronized to the APP and displayed to the
users.
Display
incoming call information: When you receive a call or text message, some of the
devices that support this function will display the call or message data.
Display
music information: When you use the music control function, some of the devices
that support this function will display the music information (such as, the
name of song, album name, artist, playing topic and the status of song).
Determine
whether the phone is supported. The information related to your cell phone will
be used to determine whether your cell phone can use the APP .
Provide
women’s health function: When you choose to use the women's health function, we
will predict the menstrual period and make a reminder for you based on the
information you fill in.
Display
sleep information: We will use personal body data and the data recorded by the
device to calculate and analyze your sleep, which are used to show you in the
APP, such as sleep score, sleep time, and sleep duration distribution.
Provide
heart health monitoring function: Some devices support heart health monitoring
function. If you choose to enable this function, we may collect your heart rate
information to show you your heart rate status, so as to remind you the data
changes and show you in the device and APP.
Software
installation list: Your software installation list may need to be collected
when you use the login function and APP push service so that we can show you
the available software, but we do not store your software list information.
2. How do we
use cookies and similar technologies
2.1 Cookie
To ensure
that websites work properly, we store small data files called cookies on
computers or mobile devices sometimes. A cookie is a plain text file that a web
server stores on a computer or mobile device. The content of a cookie can only
be retrieved or read by the server that created it. Each cookie is unique to
your web browser or mobile application. Cookies often contain identifiers, site
names, and some numbers and characters. With cookies, the website can store
data such as user preferences or products in the shopping basket.
The purpose
of enabling cookies for most large websites or Internet service providers is to
improve the user experience. With cookies, a website can remember a user's
single visit (using session cookies) or multiple visits (using a permanent
cookie). With cookies, websites can save settings such as the language of the
computer or mobile device, font size, and other browsing preferences. This
means that users do not need to reconfigure user preferences every time they
visit. If a website does not use cookies, it will be treated as new visitors
each time a user opens a webpage. For example, if you log in to a website and
go to another webpage, the website will not recognize you and you will be
logged out again.
The company
will not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in this policy.
You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. For details,
see AboutCookies.org. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and
most web browsers have a cookie-blocking feature. However, if you do this, you
will need to change your user settings personally each time you visit our site.
For more information on how to change your browser settings, visit the
following links: <Internet Explorer>, <Google Chrome>, <Mozilla
Firefox>, <Safari>, and <Opera>.
2.2 Web
Beacons and Pixel Tags
In addition
to the cookies, we use other technologies such as web beacons and pixel tags on
our websites. For example, an e-mail sent by our company to you may contain a
click-through URL that links to the content of our website. If you click on the
link, the company will track this click to help us understand your product and
service preferences and improve customer service. Web beacons are usually
transparent images embedded in websites or emails. With the pixel tag in the
email, we can tell if the email was opened. If you do not want your activity to
be tracked this way, you can unsubscribe from our company's mailing list at any
time.
2.3 Do Not
Track (Do Not Track)
Many web
browsers have a "Do Not Track" feature that can issue Do Not Track
requests to websites. At present, major Internet standards organizations have
not yet set up policies to specify how websites should respond to such
requests. However, if your browser has "Do Not Track"enabled, all of
our website will respect your choice.
3. How Do We
Disclose Your Personal Data
The company
will not sell your personal data to the third parties. However, the company
will disclose your personal data in the following circumstances:
3.1 Disclosure
with explicit consent:
With your explicit consent, the company will share your
personal data with other parties.
3.2
Disclosures based on legal or justifiable grounds:
The
company may disclose your personal data if required by law, legal process, litigation
or public and government authorities.
4. How we
protect your personal data?
The company
attach importance to the security of personal data. We use industry standard
ways to protect your personal data and prevent data from being accessed, disclosed,
used, modified, damaged, or lost. We will take all reasonable and practical
measures to protect your personal data. For example, we use encryption
technology to ensure data confidentiality; we use trusted protection mechanisms
to prevent data from malicious attacks; we deploy access control mechanisms to
ensure that only authorized personnel have access to personal data; and we
organize security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employee
awareness of the importance of protecting personal data.
We will take
all reasonable and practicable steps to ensure that no irrelevant personal data
is collected. We will only retain your personal data for the period required to
achieve the purposes described in this policy, unless we need to extend the
retention period or be allowed by law. We will do our best to protect your
personal data, but please note that any security measures cannot be made to be
flawless.
5. How to
access or modify your personal data
According to
the company's terms and conditions, you can manage your personal data at any
time, such as your account information. You should ensure that all personal
data submitted are accurate. We will do our best to maintain the accuracy and
completeness of personal data and update it in a timely manner.
You have the
right to access to your personal data, except for certain legal exceptions. If
privacy and information laws different in some jurisdictions, we will comply
with these laws. If you want to access the data, please notify us at
support@ute-tech.com.cn. For security, you may need to provide a written
request.
You also
have the right to delete or modify any personal information we hold about you.
We will delete or modify this information at your request. To make such a
request, please contact us at support@ute-tech.com.cn. If we have reasonable
grounds to believe that these requests are deceptive, unenforceable or if local
law does not provide access, we will refuse to process the request.
Account
Cancellation
You can
cancel your account directly from the app by going to "Me - Personal information - Cancel Account". Please note that this action is irreversible,
when you cancel your account, we will delete or anonymize your personal
information, except where otherwise required by law.
6. How Do We
Handle Children's Personal Data
Our
products, websites and services are mainly for adults. Children cannot create
their own user accounts without the consent of their parents or guardians. In
the case of the use of children's personal data with parental consent, we will
only use or disclose this data if it is permitted by law, parental or
guardian’s explicit consent or protection of children is necessary. Although
local laws and customs define children differently, we treat anyone under the
age of 13 as a child.
If the
company finds that it has collected personal data from children without prior
and verifiable parental consent, We will try to delete the relevant data as
soon as possible.
7. Our Third
Party Providers and Their Services
Do I have to
agree to any third-party terms and conditions?
Our privacy
policy does not apply to products and services provided by third parties.
Depending on the products and services you use, which may include third-party
products and services, involving analysis and statistics, map services, login
services, etc., some of them will be provided in the form of links to
third-party websites, and some will be SDK , API and other forms of access.When
you use these products or services, it may also collect your
information.Therefore, we strongly recommend that you take the time to read the
privacy policy of the third party, just like reading our policy.We are not
responsible for how third parties use the personal information they collect
from you, and we have no control over their use. Our privacy policy does not
apply to other websites linked through our service.
·
With
Google Fit, you agree to Google Fit's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
：
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
·
With
Apple Health you agree to Apple's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
：
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/szh/
·
In
addition, we have also integrated the following SDKs. When you use these
specific products, your information collected by the SDK, the purpose of use,
and the applicable third-party privacy policies are listed below:
·
Amap
Maps, Amap Positioning: Need to call your location permissions, will collect
your device information, network status, location information, Wi-Fi
information, so as to provide you with maps and location services when you are
outdoors; privacy policy :
https://lbs.amap.com/pages/privacy
·
Google
Map: Need to retrieve your location permission, will collect your device
information, network status, location information; provide you with location
records when you are outdoors; privacy policy:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
·
Alipay
payment: need to retrieve your camera permissions, storage permissions, collect
your network status, basic personal information submitted when registering an
Alipay account, transaction information, and device information; provide you
with Alipay payment services according to your needs;privacy policy :
https://intl.alipay.com/ihome/help/agreements/detail.htm?agreement=AlipayPrivacyPolicy
·
Wechat
login: You need to call up your network permissions and external storage write
permissions, will collect your network status, and provide you with account
login and information sharing services according to your specifications;
privacy policy:
http://weixin.qq.com/agreement
·
Facebook
login: You need to retrieve your network permissions and collect your network
status in order to provide you with login and information sharing services
according to your designation; privacy policy:
https://opensource.facebook.com/legal/privacy/
·
QQ
login: you need to call up your network permissions and external storage write
permissions, will collect your network status, and provide you with information
sharing services according to your specifications; privacy policy:
http://www.qq.com/privacy.htm
·
Twitter
login: You need to retrieve your network permissions and external storage write
permissions, will collect your network status, and provide you with information
sharing services according to your specifications; privacy policy:
https://developer.twitter.com/zh-cn/more/developer-terms/agreement-and-policy
·
By
using Weibo, you will agree to Weibo’s terms of service and privacy policy:
http://weibo.com/signup/v5/protocol
·
Our
products, Umeng integration+ SDK and Umeng+ SDK, are required to collect your
device Mac address and unique device identification (IMEI/android
ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID/SIM card IMSI/OAID/ICCID/SN information/Serial number) in order to provide
statistical analysis services. Moreover, after calibrating the accuracy of
report data through location, we can provide basic anti-cheating capabilities.
Using Umeng means that you agree to its Terms of Service and Privacy Policy:
https://www.umeng.com/page/policy
8.
Permission usage instructions
Storage
permissions: When you use sharing, set personal avatars through albums, set
dial backgrounds, firmware upgrades and other functions, you need to enable
this permission to read image information or write application information. If
you do not need such services, you can turn off the permission at any time,
which will not affect the use of other services.
Camera
permission: When you scan the QR code to connect to the device, add relatives
and friends, shake and take pictures, and set the avatar and dial background by
taking pictures, we need to apply for and obtain this permission from you in
order to complete the picture shooting. If you do not need such services, you
can turn off the permission at any time, which will not affect the use of other
services.
Location
permission: When you use map positioning to generate motion track, Bluetooth
pairing, weather push or other location-related search functions, you can
choose to enable this permission to determine your current location
information. If your phone is Android 10 or above, in order to ensure the
normal recording of data and trajectory during exercise, you will also apply
for background positioning permission. Please enable this permission. If you do
not need such services, you can turn off this permission at any time, which
will not affect the use of other services.
Phone
permission: When you use the wearable device to reject calls and receive call
information on the wearable device, you can choose to enable this permission to
get the phone status. If you do not agree with this permission, it may affect
the normal function usage.
Call
permission: When you use the wearable device to reject calls and receive call
information on the wearable device, you can choose to enable this permission so
that the wearable device can reject calls and receive call information
normally. If you do not agree with this permission, it may affect the normal
function usage.
Call log
permission: When you use a wearable device to push caller  number, you can
choose to enable this permission to display the caller ID on the paired device.
If you do not need such services, you can turn off the permission at any time,
which will not affect the use of other services.
Address book
permission: When you use to push caller contact information and SMS contact
information to the device, you can choose to enable this permission to display
the caller contact information on the wearable device. If you do not need such
services, you can turn off the permission at any time, which will not affect
the use of other services.
SMS
permission: When you use to push SMS messages to the device, you can choose to
enable this permission to display the message content on the wearable device.
If you do not need such services, you can turn off the permission at any time,
which will not affect the use of other services.
Auto start
permission: Used in the background of the APP to push message reminders to the
Bluetooth device, so that users can perceive and not miss important messages
and calls. The APP will not automatically remind the user to open it, and the
user needs to open it by himself.You can turn off the permission at any time,
which will not affect the use of other services.
You can visit
the system "Settings" at any time to manage your system permissions.
9.
How this policy is updated?
We may modify and update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Updates to this Privacy Policy will be posted in the APP in the form of notice. You can check the latest version by visiting the APP. For other major changes, a solemn notice will be provided.
Shenzhen Ultra Easy Technology Co., Ltd.
Last
updated:July 2023