What information do we collect?
We collect anonymous information about errors, exceptions and application crashes. For this we use:
Microsoft App Center. The retention period for this is 28 days, all collected information will be removed after 28 days.
Firebase Crashlytics (Android / iOS only). The data is automatically removed after 90 days.
We collect anonymous information about how you use our apps. For this we use:
Google Analytics 4 in the following manner:
We have a Data Processing Agreement (DPA) with Google.
We don't share analytics data with any Google products & services.
GA4 anonymises your IP address by default.
The data retention period is set to 2 months
Microsoft App Center (Windows & Mac only). The retention period is 28 days, all collected information will be removed after 28 days.
We use a database to store information for silent push notifications to notify the app of any calendar changes made by you on another device.
                    This data will be automatically removed when it is no longer being used by the application.
Optionally you can create an account to store your license to use it on your other devices. In this case we will store your email address and the corresponding purchase receipts.
NOTE : We don't store your any personal appointment or birthday information on our server(s). All synchronisation of personal data is done directly between your
            device and the online calendar provider.
What information do others collect ?
OneCalendar can be configured to use online Calendars like:
Office 365
Exchange
Windows Live
Outlook.com
Facebook
Google Calendar
iCloud
These online services have their own privacy policy. We advise you to read them.
What do we use your information for?
Information that we collect from you during the use of our apps will be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our apps (we continually strive to improve our apps based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
Fix any errors, bugs and crashes in our apps.
Optionally you can connect your license to an account so we use it to make it available on your other devices.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
We may release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Your Consent
By using our site or app, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 5th Augustus 2023.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
support@onecalendar.nl