PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated 15 June 2017
1. Overview
The Majegg Mobile Application ("Majegg", "we," or "us") is a community site containing user-generated gifts and information about those gifts (collectively, the "Services"). We at Majegg recognise that your privacy is important to you. We have created this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain our privacy practices so you will understand when and how personally identifiable information is collected, used, disclosed and protected with respect to our Site. BY ACCESSING OUR SITE, YOU CONSENT TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY AS DESCRIBED HEREIN.
2. What kind of information does Majegg collect about you?
We collect two basic types of information from our Mobile Application. Personally identifiable information is information that is directly associated with a specific person or entity such as first and last name, e-mail address, or information about activities that is directly linked to that person.
Our definition of personally identifiable information does not include "aggregate" information. Aggregate information is data we collect about a group or category of services or user from which individual user identities have been removed. Aggregate data may include anonymous demographic information such as country of origin, age, gender, preferences and survey information. In other words, how you use our Mobile Application may be collected and combined with information about how others use the Mobile Application, but no personally identifiable information will be included in the resulting data. Aggregate data helps us understand trends and our user's needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor our Mobile Application.
The choice of how much personally identifiable information you disclose to us is completely at your discretion. Our mobile application requires registration in order for you to participate in the services offered. It is not mandatory for you to provide all information to us, but please realise that in order for us to serve you better or provide particular features, you will need to provide certain information to access some areas of our mobile application. We collect information you give us when you register at and use our mobile application. Specific examples of the information we collect include the following:
A. Registration Information. When you register at our Mobile Application, we may collect various kinds of contact information about you including your name, e-mail address, date of birth, and other personally identifiable information.
B. Profile, Postings and Reviews. Please note that information and content that you post on our Mobile Application by using our services including, but not limited to, gifts , comments, and photos as well as your screen ID and information in your profile can be viewed by the general public, and also may be stored on our systems indefinitely. You should not post any personally identifiable information that you do not wish to make publicly available.
C. Submissions and Customer Service. From time-to-time we may post surveys, contests or sweepstakes on our Mobile Application, which may request personally identifiable information, demographic information and/or customer feedback. Contests may require contact information or other demographic or personally identifiable information in order to determine eligibility. We may use information collected from surveys and contests to notify and contact winners of those contests. Participation in these requests is completely voluntary and with each request you will have the choice of whether or not to participate and disclose information. Also, we may collect information that identifies you personally when you send us comments, questions or suggestions.
D. Mobile Device information. Majegg transmits and stores the following device information: Push Notification Device Tokens – when user grants permission, location – when user grants permission, UDID, iOS operating system version, country of device registration, crash report information (timestamp, crash GPS radio state (on/off), cellular radio state, WiFi radio state when application crashes).
We also store email addresses that we obtain through user actions associated with the Majegg application: Facebook registration, Majegg registration, or feedback emails sent to Majegg. This information is not passively collected from the device.
3. How will the information that Majegg collects be used?
In general, we use personally identifiable information to serve our users, enable them to take maximum advantage of our services and to improve the products and services we provide to you. For example, we may use personal information to contact our users relating to their registration to our service, to anticipate and resolve problems with our Mobile Application, to respond to customer support inquiries, and to send other Majegg administrative and systems-related messages. We reserve the right to send such communications to our users without offering the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them. We do not send advertisements or any other commercial solicitations to our users.
4. With whom does Majegg share the personal information it collects about you?
We do not rent, sell, or share your personally identifiable information with third parties or nonaffiliated companies, except as described in this section or with your express permission.
•
We reserve the right to share trend and aggregate information with our partners for business purposes and with other third parties for marketing purposes.
•
We disclose information when required by law or judicial authority.
•
We disclose information as required to safeguard Majegg's rights or property.
•
If Majegg is ever merged with another company, or if Majegg buys, sells or reorganizes some or all part(s) of its business, parties involved in such a transaction would gain access to the information that Majegg has collected over time. Such third parties would be required, however, to adhere to the provisions of this Privacy Policy until such time as it was amended in accordance with the process for modification set forth herein.
5. What are the opt-out choices Majegg provides you with regarding the collection, use, and distribution of your personally identifiable information?
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your registration with our service and Majegg's other services, such as customer service responses and other administrative messages, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them. You can opt-out from receiving such messages by canceling your registration with Majegg.
Third parties may independently collect information about users when users choose to view links or ads displayed on Majegg. Users should contact those third parties directly if they do not wish to receive communications from them, or do not want those third parties to collect information about them.
We are opposed to spam and our Terms of Service expressly prohibit users from uploading, posting, emailing, transmitting or otherwise making available junk mail, commercial advertisements, or other form of commercial solicitation through Majegg's services. Any violation of our policies, by sending unsolicited email advertisements to or through Majegg's computer systems, will result in the sender being blocked from use of the Mobile Application and may subject the sender and his or her agents to civil and criminal penalties.
6. What security procedures does Majegg use to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information collected by the company?
Majegg uses industry standard security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected by the Majegg Mobile Application in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee complete security. Further, while we make reasonable efforts to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally obtaining this information.
Your account information is accessible online only through the use of a password. To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of our Mobile Application by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused.
7. How long does Majegg retain information about me?
Majegg will retain information from which it is possible to identify you for a reasonable time bearing in mind the possibility of your re-using the Service. If you would like your information to be deleted at any time you should contact us using the details set out below.
8. Does Majegg collect information from children?
Majegg is intended solely for use by persons 13 years of age or older. All persons under 13 years of age are prohibited from registering on Majegg.
9. How can I access the information Majegg has about me or correct it?
Registered users may, at any time, choose to correct or update the account information they have submitted to us. This may be done by logging into the site or Facebook, Twitter, Google+ (for people who register for Majegg via these services) and editing the information on these registration pages. Registered users may, at any time, chose to cancel their registration with Majegg by sending an email to admin@majegg.com and requesting Majegg to close their account.
10. Notification of Changes
From time to time, we may need to update our Privacy Policy because of changes in the law, in technology, in our business, or in our attempts to better serve your needs. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will post a notification on our Site and update the effective date above. All amended terms shall automatically be effective 30 days after they are initially posted on the Site. Therefore, we encourage you to check the date of our privacy policy whenever you visit this Site to see if it has been updated since your last visit.
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or personally identifiable information you have provided to us, please email us at admin@majegg.com