Privacy Policy
Last update: 26 September 2022
This Privacy Policy describes how the Fraksl app uses your information.
Analytics
Fraksl uses Unity Analytics to collect data about how the app is used.
			The sole purpose of this data collection is for Fraksl's developers to gain better insight into how the app
			is being used by their users and support the decision making process to further improve the app.
The following types of data are collected:
Information about the user's interactions with the app
				(for example which filter has been selected, whether the user has bought the pro version and how long
				the app has been opened).
Information about the device that the app is running on (like CPU type, screen resolution and OS
				version).
The country the app is being used from.
When first opening the app, a unique ID is generated and stored on the device.
				This ID is attached to every data packet that is sent to the Unity Analytics server in order to
				differentiate collection events between users.
				This ID contains no personally identifiable information nor can it be used to identify an individual.
For more information about how Unity Analytics handles your data,
		please visit Unity's privacy policy which can be found here:
Unity Privacy Policy
.
Device resources
Depending on the features you use use within the Fraksl app, Fraksl will access one or multiple of the
			following sources of personal data: the device's storage memory, the device's camera(s) and the device's
			microphone.
Device storage.
Fraksl only uses the device's storage memory to save user created images or videos on
			behalf of the user when requested by pressing the "image export", "video recording" or "share" button within
			the app.
Device camera(s).
The device's camera(s) are only accessed when the user enables the camera feature
			within the app's effects menu. No camera imagery is collected or is stored without specific user action.
Device microphone.
The device's microphone is exclusively accessed during video recording using the
			build-in screen recording feature and audio recordings are solely stored as part of the video files
			generated by this feature.
Share feature.
We are not responsible for unwanted data collection by third parties when using the
			"Share" feature within the Fraksl app.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Access Denied
You don't have permission to access "http://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy" on this server.
Reference #18.669ad817.1741091463.1214b2cf
https://errors.edgesuite.net/18.669ad817.1741091463.1214b2cf