The Economist Group Privacy Policy
The Economist Group values your privacy. In this privacy policy we explain how we collect, use and protect your personal data. We know that transparency and trust are important. It’s also important to us that you enjoy using our products, services and websites in a safe and secure way. This policy explains how we collect and use different types of personal and behavioural information, and the reasons for doing so.
About us and this policy
The Economist Group is made up of several companies. This privacy policy applies to all companies within the Group and all the products and services they offer. We have listed some of our companies in the section titled
‘More information about who we are’.
You should read this policy in conjunction with our c
ookies policy
and the relevant t
erms of use
for the product or service you access. The terms of use for
The Economist
website are available
here
. Please ensure that you understand how we collect and use your information.
Our policies will be updated from time to time. Please refer back regularly to keep yourself updated. Where we make a material change to our policies, we will notify our customers.
This policy applies to ‘users’ and ‘customers’ (or ‘you’) of The Economist Group; that is anyone ordering, registering or interacting with any product or service from any of The Economist Group’s businesses. This includes, for example, subscribers, registered users, website users, app users, event attendees, and education course participants. This policy refers interchangeably to ‘your information’ and ‘your personal data’. As a UK-based entity, our use of the term ‘personal data’ is by reference to the definition of that term in the UK General Data Protection Regulation 2016; personal data are ‘any information which relates to an identified or identifiable natural person’.
If you interact with The Economist Educational Foundation, please note that a separate privacy policy applies to the Foundation’s use of your personal information; see that policy
here
.
External links
This policy only applies to The Economist Group’s use of data; our websites, services or products may, from time to time, contain links to, use or be hosted on, external sites. The Economist Group is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites and we recommend that you read the privacy policies of external sites you use. Similarly, if you are directed to our website from a third party we are not responsible for the privacy policy or practices of the third party. Again, we recommend you read their policies.
1. Why we collect your personal data
We collect and store information about you in order to deliver our products and services. Information you provide to us directly, and information we gather based on your activity, helps us to deliver relevant content and advertising to you, as well as create a more seamless experience across the products and platforms through which you may access our content.
2. What types of personal data we collect
We collect information you provide us with, such as your contact details if you are a subscriber, to provide you with our services and products.
Examples of the personal data we collect in order to fulfil a subscription to
The Economist
Newspaper
include but are not limited to;
Name
Postal address (including postcode)
Email address
Payment details
In addition to the above, examples of the details we collect for our Economist events business and Economist Intelligence could include:
Job title
Work email
Company
Country
Industry
Information we collect through your use of our products
When you use any of our online platforms or apps we collect information that helps us to deliver the service you have chosen and to improve your experience. This is done through cookies and other similar technologies. Examples of the types of information we may collect are:
Browser
Email provider
The pages you read or otherwise access on our websites and apps, and how you navigated to them
Device
IP address
Internet connection
Location (in some cases)
Depending on our use of cookies and other technologies, you can also choose to provide additional information which may not be essential for us to deliver a service to you, or to serve personalised advertising. This information helps to understand our audiences and ensure we communicate with you in a way that’s most relevant and engaging for you. We may collect and ask for additional information when you order, purchase, register, subscribe or make use of our products or services in any way; for example, in person, via our marketing campaigns, via phone or mail orders, or on our websites.
Information we receive from third parties
We work with third parties who may provide us with additional information that you have shared with them, such as your telephone number and postal address (for example if you’ve moved house or updated your phone number and we need to contact you with important service information). Some third parties may also share further information about your interaction on our sites to help us personalise our services to you. More information can be found in the section headed
‘For audience profiling
’ below.
Information we do not collect
We do not track or collect any sensitive information about you, unless there are exceptional circumstances. This is known as ‘special category data’ and includes information about a person’s race, health, religion, ethnicity, and political opinions.
3. How we use your data
We use your information to deliver the products and services you have chosen to receive, and to personalise our interactions (including advertising) with you. See below more information about the main reasons we process your data.
i) To provide our products and services
To fulfil your orders and contracts with us (across all our products and services including
The Economist
,
1843
, Learning.ly, The Economist E-store, GMAT Tutor,  Economist Intelligence services (including EIU, Clearstate and Corporate Network), Economist Events, Signal Noise, Bazian, Eurofinance and Commercial Payments International) this includes our third party specialised payment providers.
To manage your access to our online content and apps, and to send you content via push notifications, newsletters and subscriptions if you have requested this.
To provide you with services where you attend our events.
To send you service notifications related to our products and services such as subscription renewal notifications, password resets and order confirmations.
To manage customer-services queries and complaints.
To manage your privacy preferences and to ensure you only receive communications that you have requested, which may include using your details to suppress you from communications.
To send you administrative emails about your account, reminders of upcoming events, service changes or new policies. These updates, changes and notifications are essential for the services that you have selected.
To provide general location-based services (eg, the region or country you are in), advertising or search results for our content.
To detect and reduce fraud including fraudulent orders.
To prevent users from posting illegal, offensive or objectionable comments on our site.
To run competitions, prize draws and promotions or if you agree to be a speaker or contributor at, or in, one of our events, projects or films. In these cases, subject to any specific terms The Economist Group agrees with you separately, you grant a global right to The Economist Group to use your name, picture, likeness, voice, biographical information and statements, for advertising, trade, publicity and promotional purposes in all media now known or discovered afterwards and on the internet.
To understand more about who you are and how you might engage with Economist products and services. From time to time we may analyse different data sources about you. For instance, where you choose to take part in Economist research including customer surveys we may analyse your answers in combination with other information you have provided us such as subscription information or data that shows how you interact with our websites and apps. Also, depending on your cookie preferences, if you are an Economist Newspaper subscriber, we may match your analytics data to your subscription records. Where required, we conduct Data Protection Impact Assessments to match these records.
ii) To deliver marketing and advertising
We may send marketing communications via a range of channels, including email and push notifications. You can opt out of these at any time. We may contact you to tell you about special offers and related or similar products or services provided by The Economist Group. We may need your consent to use your information for some specific purposes such as marketing, brand-response communications and personalised advertising.
We may pass your information to our partners who may contact you with information regarding their own products and services such as other subscriptions or content services. Where required, we’ll tell you before we share this data and ask for your consent to do this. For corporate events attended by our business clients, we rely on our legitimate interests to collect and share personal data with event sponsors who may then choose to contact you about their services and products.  Those parties are responsible for their use of your data and you should read their privacy policies carefully.
Depending on whether you are an individual customer or corporate client, we will ask you to consent to our marketing, or opt out of such communications when you first sign up to receive our products or services. You can also update your preferences for your
Economist
newspaper subscription at any time via your online account at economist.com or by contacting customer services (see ‘Contact Us’ below). You can also opt out of email marketing by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Other parts of The Economist Group will inform you of how to opt out of such marketing communications, or you can contact us at
dataprivacy@economist.com
. This does not apply to important service notifications such as payment confirmations, or where we have some other legal basis for contacting you.
In order to deliver advertising and marketing messages that are relevant to you, we may use the information we hold about you, including details that we collate from your use of our services or third parties, such as more precise information on your location or your company's profile (eg, company name, company size), to ensure that the advertising you see is of interest to you.
iii) Social-media
The Economist Group publishes content on social media platforms to reach current and potential readers. We may do this in two ways known as ‘organic’ and ‘paid’ methods:
‘Organic’ methods describe where content and/or offers are published on a social platform so that they may appear in your social platform’s content, without being promoted or forced to appear more prominently, such as
The Economist
’s Facebook page.
‘Paid’ methods describe where content and/or offers are published on a social platform so that they will appear more prominently, or be shown to users that do not currently follow The Economist Group’s social pages, such as a promoted tweet on your Twitter timeline.
We may place one or more social-media platform ‘tags’ on our website in order to better understand how The Economist Group may be of best value to you by providing you with the most relevant content available according to what you have chosen to read on our own websites. These tags only record information around events to help us understand if you are registered or subscribed with us, so that we may use your reading preferences to provide more relevant content and/or offers to you, on social media platforms, such as removing subscription offers from your feed if you are a current subscriber.
We do not have direct access to your personal data on your social-media platforms.
iv) For audience profiling
To enable us to personalise the content and advertising you see (including on social media), we may use your interaction and browsing behaviour,preferences (such as how and what you read on our websites and our apps) or data collected for market research purposes to create audience profiles. This is to enable content and message personalisation and, in some cases, advertising to be delivered to you or a group of users (an audience) with similar interests to you. This can be done both on our site and on those of third parties. Please see our
cookie policy
for more information.
We may analyse your individual information to create a profile of your interests and preferences as a part of an audience. These insights are used to help us make marketing decisions so that we can ensure our messages are relevant to you. There are times we may use additional information available from external sources to help us do this effectively (see ‘
How we work with third parties’
section below).
Depending on where in the world you access our services, you can opt in or out of profiling by managing your cookie preferences. This does not mean that you will no longer see advertisements, but that they will no longer be personalised to your interests.
v) To personalise your experience
We may also offer you personalised content, advertising and marketing. Personalising these services and products aims to enhance your experience by recommending content and features that are relevant to your reading history and interests.
We may personalise your content in many ways.
For personalised content, where you consent to analytics cookies and don’t opt out of the use of aggregated analysis from these cookies, we use information about how you consume Economist Group products to tailor our content. We personalise content to you on the basis of our legitimate interests as a commercial publisher, to understand audiences and tailor content that you find most engaging and suited to you.
We’ve assessed what, if any, impact processing this information will have on your privacy rights and concluded that personalisation affords you, our customer, with a unique experience without any significant impact on your privacy.
How to turn off personalisation
If you don’t want us to personalise your experience using cookies, please turn off Analytics cookies in the Manage Cookies section of our websites. Please note that if you allow personalisation and later change that setting, our systems may still serve you personalised content based on your previous choices.
vi) How do we process data in the context of our journalism?
We may process people’s information as part of our journalism. This may include the data of contributors, sources, as well as the subjects of our journalism. We process this personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests to produce journalistic material. Where we process special-category or criminal-offence data as part of our journalistic output, we will identify an additional lawful basis to process that data, or rely on the exemption for processing data where it is done for the ‘special purposes of journalism, art and literature’.
vii)  Economist newspaper group subscriptions
Where you subscribe to
The Economist
as part of a group subscription provided to you by a company or institution such as your university or employer, generally
The Economist
and your group subscription account holder will be separate data controllers. This means we are separately responsible for how your data is processed. Depending on how your company accesses our content, some of your personal data, such as your email address, may be shared with us so we can register you with an account.
For group subscription accounts, we rely on analytics cookies to understand how you use the subscription. The usage data is aggregated so individuals cannot be identified. Collecting this usage data is essential as we require the usage data to fulfil our contract with the administrator of your group subscription by understanding rates of use of our services that in turn help us price these subscriptions. This means we do not need your consent for some analytics cookies that are non-essential for individual subscribers. You will be served with a notice in our cookies banner that explains this when you access your group account.
If you wish to share Economist articles with your colleagues on Slack or Microsoft Teams, you can download our custom Economist app built for this purpose. We will only collect your Teams and Slack user ID for this purpose.
If you access a group subscription through a school, your educational provider must obtain parental or guardian consent for us to process your data.
4. How we work with third parties
In some instances, we will share information with our third-party partners and service providers to; deliver a service or product, help us improve your experience with us; or when we are required to do so by contract or law. These third parties include agents, subcontractors, sponsors for our events, and other associated organisations. We have contracts in place to ensure the information remains secure and limited in use. Some examples of when we share your information are:
When you make a payment on any of our sites, your payment will be processed by a specialist payment processor to ensure a secure transaction. All payment processors used by The Economist Group are compliant with required security standards. If you have any questions regarding secure transactions, please contact the Data Privacy team by completing our
enquiry form
or emailing
dataprivacy@economist.com
.
When you log on to your subscription account, a third party provider who specialises in online account management will manage your access including, for example, resetting your password.
When we send you an email or a push notification, these are delivered by marketing platforms. As part of this service, certain information such as whether the message was opened, clicks and formatting are recorded to help deliver the best email experience.
When we test and launch new products, services or offers, we may work with trusted third parties to support us.
We also employ third parties to carry out statistical analyses and conduct surveys on our behalf, to support our advertising and content-production efforts respectively.
To provide information for auditing and legal purposes when required by our regulators.
To enhance your profile with non-personal information.
To enable third parties such as advertisers or sponsors to contact you with information about their own products and services that may be of interest – but only if you give explicit permission for us to do so.
5. Third parties who pass information to us
Our subscriptions services sometimes use additional information such as telephone numbers or postcodes from third parties (like list brokers, researchers or telemarketing agents, who have gathered this information lawfully) to help us to contact you with important service updates via phone or post or to help us make marketing decisions. This includes advertising (by ourselves or via advertising partners) to groups of people with particular interests. These third parties may give us access to your personal information, if you have allowed them to do so.
We may also work with third parties to identify individuals who may be interested in our products and services or in some cases our sponsors’ and advertisers’ products and services. These third parties may give us access to your personal information, if you have allowed them to do so. In any communication you receive from us, through these third parties, we make sure to identify ourselves (and them) so that you know who has access to your information. Generally, we will need your consent to contact you if we receive your information from a third party, although this will not always be the case. For business-to-business contacts for instance, we will rely on our legitimate interests to contact you with offers and products.
Please note that the collection, use, and disclosure of information by these third parties are described in their own privacy policies, and consequently may differ from that set out in The Economist Group’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for those third party privacy policies where the other party is a separate data controller, and you should ensure that you have read and understood all applicable privacy policies before proceeding.
6. What lawful bases do we rely on to process your data?
We need to identify a legal reason, or ‘lawful basis’, to process your personal data.
Other than where we have asked for your consent, we mainly rely on two other separate bases to lawfully use your information. First, we need to use your information in certain ways to provide our products or services to you, in accordance with our contract(s) with you. In this case, it is necessary for us to use your information so that we can deliver the products or services you have chosen. Second, as described in more detail below, in certain cases we may use your information where necessary to further our legitimate interests, where those legitimate interests are not outweighed by any negative impact on your rights or interests. Some of the purposes for which we may process your data based on our legitimate interests include:
To measure customer and user response and engagement with our products and services such as online content, email newsletters and subscription offers. This may include sharing your information with third parties who help us to analyse and measure these things.
To ensure our products (including websites and apps) are compatible with the browsers and operating systems used by most of our visitors.
To help us improve our customer and user experience and to support product development. We may send customer satisfaction surveys and market research questionnaires (for which we may share your information with third party suppliers employed by us).
To create audience profiles for personalised advertising, marketing or research and development on and off our websites.
To detect and reduce fraudulent activity and for other security-related purposes such as to help us protect against harassment, IP infringement, crime or other security issues.
You have the right to object to any of the above uses of your information, so please contact us if you wish to do so. We will consider all objections reasonably, but there may be legal reasons where we deem that the use of your information is still necessary and reasonable in the circumstances. We will explain our decision to you in a timely manner.
We may share your personal data with third parties for any purpose required by law or regulation and to verify information that we provide to third parties for compliance and audit purposes. For example, we may share your personal data with the Audit Bureau of Circulation (ABC) so they can verify aggregated statistics about circulation and usage of our products or review our policies, processes and procedures for compliance with relevant standards.
Below, we outline the lawful bases we rely on to process your data and general examples of the types of data we collect under each basis.
Consent
Marketing - generally, if you’re a new customer, we need your consent to send you marketing
Legitimate interests
Marketing - if you’re an existing customer, we may rely on our legitimate interests to send you information about new products
Personalised content
Contributor data and the personal data of those identified in our journalistic output for the purposes of producing journalism
Necessary for performance of a contract
Manage subscription payments
To identify customer usage data for group subscription accounts
To send subscribers important service messages
Defence of a legal claim
In circumstances where The Economist Group commences or defends a legal claim involving the processing of personal data
Required by law
For tax and auditing purposes
We may from time to time process special category data or criminal conviction data. Where we do this, we will identify an additional lawful basis to process your data consistent with Articles 9 and 10 of the UK General Data Protection Regulation 2016, and where necessary we will identify substantial public interest conditions for such processing.
7. How long do we retain your data?
We securely store your information, and hold it for as long as reasonably necessary to provide our services and products to you in accordance with (i) applicable law, or (ii) as long as is set out in any relevant contract you have with us.
We review our retention periods for personal information to comply with the Data Minimisation and Limitation Principles in data protection law, to ensure we only collect and retain the data we need to serve you with our services and products.
As a customer, if  you have not interacted with us in any way, we will generally no longer hold your information after four years (this may be shorter for individual businesses - you can find out by contacting us). Sometimes we may need to keep it for longer periods; for example, tax and other financial regulations may require us to keep certain information for seven years. We may need to retain some information for longer due to legal or human-resources reasons. If you request that we no longer contact you, for example with marketing communications, we will retain the minimum amount of information about you so that (i) if you are a customer, we can continue to fulfil our obligations to you, (ii) we can ensure we remove you from any future communications and (iii) we comply with any legal or regulatory obligations that we may have. Please note that if you ask us to completely remove all information about you, and you subsequently use our products and services at a later date, we will no longer be able to recognise your previous request not to be contacted, which is why we would keep it and suppress it in line with industry standards.
8. When may we send your data overseas?
As a global company, we have offices in different locations and we work with trusted third parties around the world. This means we may collect and share your personal information internationally, including outside of the United Kingdom and European Union.  Generally, we will notify you when we do this and always ensure we have appropriate legal safeguards in place to protect the transfer of data.
9. How do we keep your data safe?
We take information security seriously. We run a comprehensive security programme and have policies and procedures in place to ensure the information we hold on you remains safe.  We limit who has access to your information and ensure that those who do are bound by contracts to keep your information availability restricted and safe.
10. What’s different for children?
The Economist Newspaper Limited processes the limited personal data of individuals aged 16 to 18 to fulfil subscriptions. For individual student subscriptions we process customer data to perform our contract with our customers. For group subscriptions Where we do so, we minimise the data collected and where required, we ask schools to obtain parental or guardian consent for this data processing. Please see The Economist Educational Foundation’s separate privacy policy for more information on how it processes children’s data.
11. What are my data rights and how can I exercise them?
Under UK and other laws that may apply, you may have the right to request the following, subject to exemptions:
You have the right to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
You have the right to correct the personal data we hold about you.
You may have the right to receive a machine-readable copy of your personal data.
You also have the right to ask us to rectify, delete or restrict access to your data.
Where applicable, you have the right to object to processing of your personal data for specific purposes, including marketing.
Where you have provided us with consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw this at any time.
Please be aware that there are circumstances in which complete erasure of your information will not be possible for operational, legal and business reasons. This may include if you remain an Economist customer for whom we need to provide services, or where we need to retain some of your details in order to facilitate a ‘Do Not Contact’ request by keeping you on a suppression list.
In addition, if you are a resident of the United States, you have the right to be informed of your information that has been ‘sold’ or ‘shared’ and to opt out of these. For details on how to make these requests please refer to the section for US residents above. We do not discriminate against individuals that exercise their data protection or privacy rights.
12. What if I live in China?
If you are a resident of the People’s Republic of China (PRC) and The Economist Group processes your personal information, the Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) applies to you. Please be aware that other parts of this privacy policy may also apply to you.
For residents of the PRC, we may use your information to:
Register you as a GBR app user and provide you with that service;
administer your subscription to EIU and other Economist Group products and services;
communicate with you regarding the products and services The Economist Group provides to you and send you marketing and other promotional information, with necessary lawful bases;
gather research for our EIU, Clearstate and other Economist Group businesses; and/or
accept and provide services to business clients in our Economist Intelligence Corporate Network (EICN) and Economist Impact businesses.
The Economist Group does not intentionally or actively process any sensitive information of PRC residents. In the event we do this for specific processing activities, we will provide a privacy notice.
Where we process your information, you have certain rights under the PIPL, including the:
right to know;
right to decide relating to your personal information;
right to consult and copy;
right to data portability;
right to correction;
right to deletion;
right to withdraw consent; and
right to request personal information handlers explain personal-information handling rules.
To exercise these rights, please contact
dataprivacy@economist.com
.
We do not actively process the information of minors under the age of 14; where we do we will seek parental consent to do so as required by law.
Transfer of your personal data outside PRC
In order to fulfil and manage the transactions of PRC residents with The Economist Group and to ensure robust information security, we may transfer some of your information we collect to our affiliate companies outside China, for example our GBR app is hosted securely in Singapore. For our EIU, EICN, EI and Clearstate services, we host data in the United States of America. Where required, we have contractual safeguards in place and will comply with applicable legal requirements in China, including entering into standard contractual clauses to protect personal data.
Where required, we will ask for your general or separate consent to relevant data processing activities.
13. What if I live in the United States of America?
In addition to the data subject rights documented elsewhere in this Policy like the Right to Access to copies of your data that we hold, if you are a resident of some states in the United States of America you may have additional rights. For residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia, these include:
the right to know what data we process about you and any sales of your personal data and to whom;
the right to opt out of the future sales of your personal data to third parties;
the right to opt out of the future sharing of your personal data to third parties where your data is shared for commercial or similar benefit to a third party for the purposes of behavioural advertising;
the right to non-discrimination for making a request.
Under California law, where we share or sell your details to third parties, including for behavioural advertising, you can opt out of advertising, marketing and analytics cookies and other technologies in the
Manage Cookies
section of our website, or in your app. Depending on how you interact with our websites, apps and products, you may need to opt-out from the selling or sharing of your data on each platform; for example, you will need to exercise this right in our apps and on Economist.com if that is how you interact with us. Where you exercise this right, please note that we may still share your data with some trusted partners where this is necessary to run our websites or apps.
If you email us to make a request under California law, please indicate in the subject that it is a California-rights request. We will deal with requests for access to your personal data within forty-five (45) days for California-specific requests.
14. More information about who we are
Brands
You can find full details of the brands which make up The Economist Group here. We have also listed some brand names and product names below.
Group companies
There are a number of companies which make up The Economist Group. In accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 2018, the following members of The Economist Group are registered with the United Kingdom's Information Commissioner's Office as a data controller:
Data controller: The Economist Newspaper Limited
Registered Office: The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT, UK
ICO Registered Number: Z7134617
Company Registration Number: 236383
Other names and brands include: The Economist, 1843, Commercial Payments International, Economist Careers, Economist Jobs, Economist.com, Economist Impact, Economist Events, Economist Films, Espresso, E-Store, Learningly, Signal Noise, The World Ahead, Economist Debates
Data controller: The Economist Intelligence Unit Limited
Registered Office: The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT, UK
ICO Registered Number: Z6982453
Company Registration Number: 1762617
Other names and brands include: EI, Economist Intelligence, EIU, Economist Intelligence Unit, Economist Intelligence Corporate Network, EIU Healthcare, Clearstate, EIU Viewpoint, EIU Viewpoint add-in for Excel
Data controller: EuroFinance Conferences Limited
Registered Office: The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT, UK
ICO Registered Number: Z4865712
Company Registration Number: 3015764
Other names and brands include: EuroFinance,  EuroFinance Training, Corporate Payments International (CPI)
Data Controller: Trustee(s) of The Economist Group UK Pension Plan
ICO Registered Number: Z6970715
Address: The Adelphi 1-11 John Adam Street London WC2N 6HT
Data Controller: Signal & Noise Limited
ICO Registered Number: ZA575716
Company Registration Number: 05842108
Address: The Adelphi 1-11 John Adam Street London WC2N 6HT
Data Controller: The Economist Educational Foundation
ICO Registered Number: ZA577879
Company Registration Number: 07927534
Address: The Adelphi 1-11 John Adam Street London WC2N 6HT
Data Controller: The Economist Charitable Trust
ICO Registered Number: ZA586367
Charity Registration Number: 293709
Address: The Adelphi 1-11 John Adam Street London WC2N 6HT
Contact Us
If you have questions about this policy or about your personal information, please complete our
enquiry form
, or email:
dataprivacy@economist.com
Alternatively, please send correspondence to us at the following address:
The Economist Group
Attn: Head of Data Privacy
The Economist Group
The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adams Street
London WC2N 6HT, United Kingdom
FAQs
How can I see what information you hold on me?
You can complete our data privacy
enquiry form
and our data privacy team will process your request.
How do I opt out of profiling?
Depending on where in the world you access our services you can opt in or out of profiling by managing your cookie preferences.
How do I opt out of marketing?
You can update your preferences at any time, and for subscribers to
The Economist
, this can be done via your online account at economist.com, or by contacting customer services (see ‘Contact Us’). You can also opt out of email marketing by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. For other parts of The Economist Group you can contact us by completing our
enquiry form
.
How do I make a complaint?
If you have a complaint regarding any aspect of your personal information or this privacy policy, please contact the Data Privacy team by completing our
enquiry form
. If you are still not satisfied with the outcome of your complaint, you may write to the Information Commissioner's Office as set out below.
Can I write to the Information Commissioner’s Office (the ‘ICO’)?
Yes, you have the right to raise a concern with the ICO about how we handle your personal data at:
https://ico.org.uk/
The ICO recommends that, before raising a concern with them, you first raise your complaint with the organisation handling your information.
How long do you hold my information for?
We generally hold your customer information for up to four years after our last interaction with you. It may be seven years or longer if required for financial, tax or legal reasons.
Can I ask you to delete my information?
Yes, just contact us. We will consider your request and take appropriate action which may mean that we suppress it, rather than delete it to ensure that we can still follow your preferences as to whether or not we can market to you, or to comply with legal, contractual or regulatory reasons.
How do I update my information?
You can update it at any time via your online account at economist.com (for subscribers to
The Economist
).
How do I manage my cookie preferences?
You can use our cookie consent tool. For more information please also see our
cookie policy
.
What are my rights under the GDPR?
You have a right to ask us for information we hold about you by making a subject access request
here
.
What are my rights under California privacy law?
You have a right to ask us what information we have ‘sold’ about you, where ‘sold’ includes sharing your personal data with selected third parties, when you have given us permission to do so by opting in to marketing.
How can I contact The Economist Group?
If you have questions about this policy or about your personal information, please complete our
enquiry form
, or email:
dataprivacy@economist.com
Alternatively, please send correspondence to us at the following address:
Attn: Data Privacy Manager
The Economist Group
The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adams Street
London WC2N 6HT, United Kingdom
How will I find out about changes to this policy?
From time to time, we may make changes to our privacy policy. This may be in relation to changes in the law, best practice or changes in our services. These changes will be reflected in this statement, so you should check here regularly.
Last updated: 01 July 2023