We value your privacy
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience which includes the use of strictly necessary cookies
                        on our website. However, we would like to use additional cookies, these cookies allow us to distinguish
                        you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse
                        our website, but we need your consent to do this. We will only set additional cookies if you agree.
Read More
Reject All
Accept Essential
Accept All
Locum Jobs
Healthcare Workers
Organisations
Login
Get Started
Home
/ Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Welcome to the Locate a Locum privacy notice.
Locate a Locum is in the business of providing a web and mobile based platform to help  healthcare professionals find healthcare providers who want to engage their services, and  healthcare providers find healthcare professionals who want to provide services. For the  purposes of this privacy notice, such healthcare providers are referred to as “Clients” and  healthcare professionals are referred to as “Locums”.
Locate a Locum respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This  privacy notice explains when and why we collect personal data about individuals, how this  information is used, the conditions under which it may be disclosed to others and how it is kept  secure.
1.  Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy notice
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how Locate a Locum collects and processes  your personal data through your use of this website (locatealocum.com) and our mobile  applications, as well as personal data that you give to us by entering information via our website,  mobile applications, social media platforms, and/or corresponding with us by phone, email or  otherwise.
Our website and our mobile application is not intended for children and we do not knowingly  collect personal data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair  processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are processing personal data  about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your personal data. This  privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Data Controller
Locum Match Limited trading as “Locate a Locum” (a company registered in Northern Ireland  with company number Nl637219 and registered address at Unit 25, 8 Cromac Avenue, Belfast,  BT7 2JA) is the data controller in relation to the processing activities described in this notice (collectively referred to as "Locate a Locum", "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy notice). This  means that Locate a Locum is responsible for deciding why and how your personal data is  processed.
Locate a Locum also acts as a data processor in certain instances where it processes personal  data on behalf of Clients as part of its services and/or provision of its platforms. In these circumstances, the Client will act as data controller and Locate a Locum will process your  personal data on their behalf as a data processor. This privacy notice only relates to personal  data where Locate a Locum is the data controller. Where Locate a Locum is a data processor, it  has contracts in place with the relevant data controller in accordance with data protection laws.
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. If we change our privacy notice we will post  the changes on this page, and place notices on other pages of the website, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it.
Any changes will take effect 7 days after  the date on which we post the modified terms. Please check this page occasionally to ensure  that you’re happy with this privacy notice. If you do not agree with any aspect of the updated  notice you must immediately notify us and cease using our services.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us  informed if your personal data changes by using the contact details at the end of this notice.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on  those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about  you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy  notices. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the applicable privacy notice. In  addition, if you linked to our website from a third party website, we cannot be responsible for that third party website and recommend that you check the applicable privacy notice.
2. The data we collect about you
Personal data means any information about an individual from which that person can be  identified. It does not include data where the individual can no longer be identified (anonymous  data). 
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we  have grouped together as follows:
•
Identity Data
includes first name, maiden name, last name, photograph, username or  similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender. 
•
Contact Data
includes email address and telephone numbers. 
•
Professional Data
includes employment history, professional qualifications,  certifications, references, CV and any other information required by a Client to assess  your ability to be engaged by them. 
•
Screening Data
includes the results of pre-employment screening or vetting checks  (including the results of any police or similar checks and any information you provide  relating to current and/or spent criminal convictions uploaded to the platform during  registration. 
•
Financial Data
includes bank account details. 
•
Transaction Data
includes details about payments to and from you and other details of  services you have purchased from us. 
•
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type  and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions,  operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access  this website. 
•
Profile Data
includes your username and password, session bookings, preferences,  feedback and survey responses. 
•
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website and services. 
•
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing  from us and our third parties and your communication preferences. 
• Communications you send to us for example when you ask for support, send us  questions or comments or report a problem. 
•
Legal
includes information relating to any legal claims made by you or against you or the  claims process.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for  any purpose. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of  users accessing a specific website feature. If we combine Aggregated Data with your personal  data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat such combined data as personal  data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We collect
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this includes details about your  trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). An  example of special category data would be a Locum’s photograph and information about criminal  convictions and offences. Information collected in relation to criminal convictions and offences is  in accordance with the authorisation of UK law and is a requirement for healthcare professional s to be able to provide healthcare professional services in the UK.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with  you and you fail to provide that data, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are  trying to enter into with you. In this case, we may have to cancel a service you have with us, but  we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect personal data from and about you including through:
• Direct interactions. You may give us personal data via our website, mobile  applications, social media platforms, or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email  or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide voluntarily when you: o apply for our services; 
o create an account on our website; 
o subscribe to our service or publications; 
o report a problem with our website;
o request marketing to be sent to you; or 
o enter a competition, promotion or survey; or 
o give us some feedback.
•
Automated technologies or interactions
. As you interact with our website and/or  mobile application, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment,  browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server  logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if  you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our Cookie Policy for further  details. We may also collect any personal data which you allow to be shared that is part  of your public profile or third party social network, type and version, time zone setting,  browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
•
Third parties or publicly available sources.
We may receive personal data about you  from various third parties and public sources including professional registration bodies  whose registers are publicly available and which we will use to verify your registration.
4. How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your  personal data in the following circumstances:
• to keep your account secure and protect our services (including to verify the identities of  creators and prevent fraud and abuse); 
• to enable us to provide you with our services, and to improve and promote our services; • to create and administer your account, contact you, and customize your experience on  Locate a Locum (for example, to show you jobs or shifts that we think may interest you  based on your previous use); and 
• to track and analyse use of the services so that we can improve how Locate a Locum is  performing and provide users with the best experience possible.
__Purposes for which we will use your personal data __
Data protection law requires us to have a lawful ground for collecting and processing your personal data. The lawful bases on which we will process your personal data are:
•
Performing the contract we have with you
: we may use and process your personal  data where we have supplied you (or continue to supply you) with any services or where  you are in discussions with us about any new service. We will use this information in  connection with the contract for the supply of services when it is needed to carry out that  contract or for you to enter into it.
•
Legal requirement:
Sometimes the law says we need to collect and use your personal  data. For example, tax laws require us to retain records of payments made through our  services. 
•
Legitimate interests:
This is a technical term in data protection law which essentially  means we have a good and fair reason to use your personal data and we do so in ways  which do not hurt your interests and rights. We sometimes require your personal data to  pursue our legitimate interests in a way that might reasonably be expected as part of  running our business and that does not materially impact your rights, freedom or  interests. This includes: 
o for marketing activities; 
o for analysis to inform our marketing strategy, and to enhance and personalise  your customer experience (including to improve the recommendations we make  to you on our website); 
o to analyse how users interact with our site so we can understand better what  elements of the design are working well and which are not working so well. This  allows us to improve and develop the quality of the online experience we offer all  our users; 
o to correspond or communicate with you; 
o to verify the accuracy of data that we hold about you and create a better  understanding of you; 
o for network and information security in order for us to take steps to protect your  information against loss or damage, theft or unauthorised access;
o for prevention of fraud and other criminal activities; 
o to comply with a request from you in connection with the exercise of your rights  (for example where you have asked us not to contact you for marketing
purposes, we will keep a record of this on our suppression lists in order to be  able to comply with your request); 
o for the management of queries, complaints, or claims; and 
o for the establishment and defence of our legal rights. 
•
Consent:
we may use and process your personal data where you have consented for us  to do so, including to contact you via email or text with marketing information about our  services (other than where we rely on legitimate interests) or where we process Special  Categories of Personal Data for certain purposes. You have the right to withdraw  consent to marketing at any time by contacting us. 
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the  specific purpose for which we are using your personal data.
5. Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out  in section 4 above.
•
Group companies
- we may share your information with other companies within the  Locate a Locum group in connection with the services and for internal business  purposes.
•
Clients
– if you apply for a shift or job provided by another company, we may receive  and/or share your personal data with that company in order to manage and provide our  services. We only disclose to them the personal data that is necessary.
•
Our third party service providers
- we may share your information with third party  service providers, agents, subcontractors and other organisations for the purposes of  providing services to us. Such services may include cloud service providers (such as  hosting and email management), software or IT maintenance providers, CRM providers,  API integration companies, data backup providers, advertising and marketing agencies, 
marketing platforms, IT developers, data analysis providers, security services providers,  mailing houses, couriers, call centre providers, online behavioural advertising companies and administrative services. When we use third party service providers, we only disclose
to them any personal data that is necessary for them to provide their service and we  have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to  use it other than in accordance with our specific instructions. 
•
Payment processors
– your bank details are processed by a third party payment  processor who specialises in the secure online capture and processing of financial  transactions. If you have any questions regarding secure transactions, please contact us  using the details at the end of this policy. 
•
Customer satisfaction surveys
- as customer satisfaction is important to us, we may  ask a third party research company to contact you for the sole purpose of gathering  general information and specific information relating to us and our services. 
•
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our  business or our assets or as part of a business restructuring or reorganisation.
Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change  happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same  way as set out in this privacy notice. 
•
Third parties for legal or compliance purposes
- we may also transfer your personal  data if we’re under a duty to disclose or share it in order to comply with any legal  obligation, to detect or report a crime, to enforce or apply the terms of our contracts or to  protect the rights, property or safety of our visitors and clients.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in  accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal  data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified  purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. International transfers
We occasionally transfer your personal data outside the United Kingdom (“
UK
”) and European  Economic Area (“
EEA
”). By way of example, this may happen if any of our servers or those of  our third party service providers are from time to time located in a country outside of the  UK/EEA. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK/EEA.
If we transfer your information outside of the UK/EEA in this way, we will take steps to ensure  that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights  continue to be protected as outlined in this notice. These steps include imposing contractual  obligations on the recipient of your personal data or ensuring that the recipients are subscribed  to ‘international frameworks’ that aim to ensure adequate protection. Please contact us using the  details at the end of this notice for more information about the protections that we put in place  and to obtain a copy of the relevant documents.
7. Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being  accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we  limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third  parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our  instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. However, the transmission of  information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your  personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our website  and any transmission is at your own risk. 
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify  you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be  associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this  information indefinitely without further notice to you.
8. Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
If we collect your personal data, the length of time we retain it is determined by a number of  factors including the purpose for which we use that information and our obligations under other  laws. We do not retain personal data in an identifiable format for longer than is necessary for the  purposes for which we collect it unless we believe that the law requires us to preserve it.
If you have made an enquiry or contacted us (via our website or otherwise) in relation to our  services, we will store your information for as long as is reasonably required to deal with your  enquiry.
If you become a Locum and open an account with us, we will retain your personal data for as  long as you are an active Locum.
If your account is closed and we cease providing you with services, we will retain your personal  data in case of any queries from you or in case you decide to re-activate your account for a  period of 12 months from the date your account is closed.
If your account is dormant or inactive for a period of 12 months, we will close your account and  retain your personal data in case you decide to re-activate your account for a period of 12  months from the date your account is closed.
If you have contacted us with a complaint, we will store your personal data for as long as is  reasonably required to resolve your complaint. 
If you have signed up to receive email marketing from us, we will store your personal data for as  long as you are subscribed to our email marketing list (even if you are no longer an active  customer). If you unsubscribe, we will keep your email address on our suppression list to ensure  that we do not send you marketing emails.
For further information regarding our retention periods, please contact us using the details at the  end of this notice.
When it is no longer necessary to retain your personal data, we will delete the personal data that  we hold about you from our systems. After that time, we may aggregate the data (from which  you cannot be identified) and retain it for analytical purposes.
The exceptions to the above are where: 
• we need your personal data to establish, bring or defend legal claims or to comply with a  legal or regulatory requirement; 
• the law requires us to hold your personal data for a longer period, or delete it sooner; • you exercise your right to have the information erased (where it applies) and we do not  need to hold it in connection with any of the reasons permitted or required under the law,  or you exercise your right to require us to retain your personal data for a period longer  than our stated retention period (see Erasing your personal data or restricting its  processing in section 11 below); or 
• in limited cases, the law permits us to keep your personal data indefinitely provided we  put certain protections in place.
9. Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around  marketing and advertising. We may collect your preferences to receive marketing information  directly from us by email, SMS, calls, or post when you register an account with us or sign up to  our newsletter. If you make an enquiry or have used our services, we may contact you with  marketing information in the ways mentioned in the notices presented to you, expect where you  indicate you would prefer otherwise.
We may use your personal data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what  may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be  relevant for you.
We may contact you with targeted advertising delivered online through social media and  platforms operated by other companies by using your personal data, or use your personal data to tailor marketing to improve its relevance to you, unless you object.
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the website  or mobile application, and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing  preferences. Alternatively, you can click the unsubscribe or opt-out link on any marketing  message sent to you. You can also contact us using the details at the end of this notice.
10. Cookies
Like many other websites, our website uses cookies to obtain an overall view of visitor habits  and visitor volumes to our website). 'Cookies' are small pieces of information sent to your  computer or device and stored on its hard drive to allow our websites to recognise you when you  visit. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when  websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of  this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the  cookies we use, please see our Cookie Policy.
11. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have a number of rights in relation to your personal data under data protection law and  these are set out below. In relation to certain rights, we may ask you for information to confirm  your identity and, where applicable, to help us to search for your personal data. Except in rare  cases, we will respond to you within one month from either (i) the date that we have confirmed  your identity or (ii) where we do not need to do this because we already have this information,  from the date we received your request. 
You have the right to:
•
Request access to your personal data
(commonly known as a "data subject access  request"). This enables you to ask for a copy of the personal data that we hold about you  by emailing or writing to us at the address at the end of this notice.
•
Request correction of the personal data
that we hold about you. This enables you to  have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may  need to verify the accuracy of the new personal data you provide to us. You can change  certain personal data via your online account, or alternatively, please let us know by  contacting us using the details at the end of this notice.
•
Request erasure of your personal data
by emailing or writing to us at the address at the  end of this notice. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where  there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us  to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right  to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information  unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with law.  Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure 
for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your  request. 
•
Object to processing of your personal data
where we are relying on a legitimate  interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation  which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on  your fundamental rights and freedoms. You can object by emailing or writing to us using  the details at the end of this notice. You also have the right to object where we are  processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may  demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information  which override your rights and freedoms. If we agree that your objection is justified in  accordance with your rights under data protection laws, we will permanently stop using  your data for those purposes.
•
Request restriction of processing of your personal data
by emailing or writing to us at  the address at the end of this notice. This enables you to ask us to suspend the  processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
a) if you want us to establish the personal data's accuracy;
b) where our use of the personal data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it;  c) where you need us to hold the personal data even if we no longer require it as  you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
d) you have objected to our use of your personal data but we need to verify whether  we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. 
•
Request the transfer of your personal data
to you or to a third party. We will provide to  you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly  used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated  information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the  information to perform a contract with you.
•
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your  personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out  before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to  provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the  time you withdraw your consent. If you wish to withdraw your consent, please contact us  using the details at the end of this notice.
12. COMPLAINTS
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office  (“ICO”), or other relevant data protection regulator, if you are concerned about the way we have  processed your personal data. Please visit the ICO website for further details (
www.ico.org.uk
).
We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the  ICO so please contact us for a copy of our Complaints Policy in the first instance.
13. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal  rights, please contact us using the details set out below. 
Our full details are:
•
Full name of legal entity:
Locum Match Limited 
•
Email address:
dpo@evalian.co.uk 
•
Postal address:
Unit 25, 8 Cromac Avenue, Belfast, BT7 2JA 
•
Phone:
+44 (0) 2078594613
Our team is
working 24/7
to assist you at every step
Get started
We value your privacy
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience which includes the use of strictly necessary cookies
                            on our website. However, we would like to use additional cookies, these cookies allow us to distinguish
                            you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse
                            our website, but we need your consent to do this. We will only set additional cookies if you agree.
Read More
Reject All
Accept Essential
Accept All