The Japan Times, Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the Company”) hereby sets out its privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as “Privacy Policy”) designed to ensure the proper handling of personal information in compliance with the Act on the Protection of Personal Information and the guidelines established by the Personal Information Protection Commission.
This Privacy Policy applies to all handling of personal information by the Company. It does not apply to personal information handled for the purpose of news reporting or writing, but the Company also handles the latter kind of personal information in an appropriate manner consistent with the intent of laws and regulations relating to the protection of personal information.
Acquisition of Personal Information
The Company acquires personal information through appropriate and fair means.
The website (
https://www.japantimes.co.jp/
) operated by the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Website”) is a site that publishes information about the Company and, with the exception of information such as cookies and access logs, does not collect any personal information. The personal information collected on the Website will not be supplemented by information obtained offline or from third parties.
The Website includes links to several external sites, but no personal information is shared with those sites. The Company takes no responsibility regarding the collection of personal information by sites accessed through links, therefore, please be sure to refer to the details of how sites accessed through links handle personal information.
Use of Personal Information
Personal information that is collected will be utilized appropriately for the following purposes.
Customers’ personal information
To offer and provide information about products and services handled by the company, campaigns, email magazines, seminars, events and the like
To analyze information relating to customers’ browsing and purchase history in order to deliver advertising for new products and services that matches customers’ interests
To send purchased goods, thank-you gifts for survey participation, and the like
To respond to customers’ inquiries
To improve services and develop new services
To communicate regarding maintenance or other important information, as required
To deal with customers who violate the terms of service
To enable customers themselves to modify or delete the services they use or to confirm their usage status
To confirm invoices or payments relating to paid services
To fulfill purposes ancillary to the above purposes
Personal information of business clients (officers and employees in the case of corporations)
To communicate as required for business purposes
To manage client information
Personal information of job applicants
For job screening and communication during recruiting activities
The Company will not utilize personal information without the prior consent of the relevant person for any purpose beyond that necessary to fulfill the original purpose of using the information. In the event that the Company wishes to utilize personal information for any purpose beyond that necessary to fulfill the original purpose of using the information, the Company will state explicitly the purpose of using the information and obtain the prior consent of the relevant person.
Security Management
The Company will take necessary and appropriate security measures to prevent illicit access to, loss, tampering or leakage of personal information. The Company will also supervise, as necessary and in an appropriate manner, employees, outsourcing contractors and others who handle the personal information.
Provision to Third Parties
Except in the following circumstances, the Company will not provide personal information to third parties, either in Japan or overseas, without the prior consent of the relevant person.
When the provision of personal information is based on laws and regulations (including cases based on laws and regulations relating to the protection of private information)
When there is a need to protect the life, body or property of a person and it would be difficult to obtain the consent of the relevant person
When there is a particular need to improve public health or promote the healthy development of children and it would be difficult to obtain the relevant person’s consent
When it is necessary to cooperate with a government organization, local government body or individual entrusted by such entities in performing duties prescribed by laws and regulations and there is a risk that obtaining the consent of the relevant person would interfere with the performance of said duties
When a subscriber’s personal information is provided in the course of a business succession due to a merger or other reason
The Company may entrust all or part of the handling of the personal information to a subcontractor within the scope necessary to fulfill the purpose of using the information as listed under 2 above. In such cases, the Company will supervise the subcontractor, as necessary and in an appropriate manner, to ensure the secure management of the personal information.
Shared Use
The Company will share use of the personal information in the manner described below.
Personal information submitted when making an inquiry to the Company
1
Personal information that may be shared
Company name, individual’s name, phone number, email address, etc.
2
Entities that may share use of the personal information
The Japan Times, Ltd.
News2u Holdings Corporation
The Japan Times Agency, Ltd.
The Japan Times Cube Inc.
The Japan Times Publishing, Ltd.
The Japan Times HR, Ltd.
3
Purpose of using the personal information
To enable the Company or other entity that shares the information to provide announcements, send materials or announce new services in order to respond to a customer’s inquiry
4
Corporate name, address, name of official representative of company responsible for managing the personal information
The Japan Times, Ltd.
Ichibancho-Daini-TG Bldg. 6F, 2-2, Ichiban-cho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
President: Minako Suematsu
Personal information of job applicants provided during recruiting activities
1
Personal information that may be shared
Information related to job applicant, including name, address, age, phone number, email address, academic record, employment history, desired job type, self-introduction, passport or certificate of residence status
2
Entities that may share use of the personal information
The Japan Times, Ltd.
News2u Holdings Corporation
The Japan Times Agency, Ltd.
The Japan Times Cube Inc.
The Japan Times Publishing, Ltd.
The Japan Times HR, Ltd.
3
Purpose of using the personal information
For job screening and communication during recruiting activities
4
Corporate name, address, name of official representative of company responsible for managing the personal information
The Japan Times, Ltd.
Ichibancho-Daini-TG Bldg. 6F, 2-2, Ichiban-cho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
President: Minako Suematsu
Cookies and Other Techniques
The Website may use cookies and other techniques (such as web beacons) to collect information on how customers are using the Website.
A cookie is information stored within the website browser (hereinafter “browser”) that the customer uses to access a website.
A customer can use browser settings to display the fact that cookies are being used when the customer visits a website, and to disable the use of cookies. Customers should take note that disabling cookies may limit customers’ use of the Website, for example, by preventing their use of services that require authentication.
The Company uses cookies for the following purposes.
To maintain an authenticated user’s session
To offer services tailored to each individual customer
To display appropriate advertising on other companies’ websites based on how the Company’s Website is used
To learn how many people use the Company’s Website and how they use it
To collect analytical information to improve the Company’s services
To maintain security by requesting customers to reauthenticate if a certain amount of time has elapsed since they first logged in
Based on arrangements with the sites of other companies subcontracted to distribute the Company’s advertising, the Company may store and reference its cookies on other companies’ websites.
A web beacon is a technique used to identify specific information on a user’s browser, such as the user’s cookie information, the date and time a page was displayed, and information about the page on which the web beacon was installed. Web beacons can be disabled by rejecting the relevant cookies.
Access Log
The Website automatically collects browsing statistics for the purpose of managing the Website and analyzing usage. This enables the Company to obtain statistical data regarding IP addresses, pages visited, the amount of time spent on each page, URLs entered immediately prior to accessing each website, page transition trends, and operating systems. Although the use of this information does not involve linking to personal information, IP addresses and other information may be used to help detect so-called blog spammers and the like.Google Analytics
To improve quality, the Website uses Google’s Google Analytics. Google Analytics employs cookies to collect, record and analyze information regarding visits to the Company’s website. Data collection and processing are handled by Google Analytics. See the following sites for Google Analytics Terms of Service and Google’s Privacy Policy.
Google Analytics Terms of Service
Google’s Privacy Policy
Requests for Disclosure of Personal Information
When the Company receives a request for notification of the purpose of use, or for disclosure, correction, supplementation, deletion, cessation of use, removal or cessation of provision to a third party of personal data that could be used to identify the person making the request, the Company shall respond promptly, after confirming the identity of the person making the request, in accordance with laws and regulations regarding protection of personal information and the Company’s prescribed procedures. See 9 (Contact for Inquiries and Complaints regarding Personal Information) below for specific information on how to submit requests.
Contact for Inquiries and Complaints regarding Personal Information
The Company has established a desk for receiving inquiries and complaints regarding the handling of personal information and will respond to such requests promptly and in an appropriate manner. The procedure for submitting inquiries is described below. Please note that the Company cannot respond to requests made by telephone or by persons who visit the Company’s premises.
Inquiries submitted via website
Inquiry form
Inquiries submitted via mail
Address:
Personal Information Inquiries Desk
The Japan Times, Ltd.
Ichibancho-Daini-TG Bldg. 6F,
2-2, Ichiban-cho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 102-0082
Procedure for Requesting Disclosure, etc.
When requesting notification of the purpose of using retained personal data or requesting disclosure, correction, supplementation, deletion, cessation of use, removal, cessation of provision to a third party or disclosure of records of provision to a third party of retained personal data, please download the request form as shown below, complete the necessary items, enclose the identity verification documents indicated below, and mail your request to the Personal Information Inquiries Desk.
Request for Correction, Supplementation, Deletion, etc., of Retained Personal Data (PDF)
Request for Notification of Purpose of Use of Retained Personal Data and Disclosure, etc. (PDF)
One identification document from the following list
(must display your name, current address and date of birth):
Copy of driver’s license, passport, residence card, My Number card (front side) or other public document that includes a photo of your face
Or
Two identification documents from the following list:
Copies of health insurance card, pension handbook or other public document that does not include a face photo, copy of certificate of residence (juminhyo), seal registration certificate (not a copy)
If requesting through a representative, in addition to the aforementioned request form and identification documents for yourself, the representative must also submit one or more identification documents for him/herself, as specified above, together with a written power of attorney.
Fee and method of payment
When requesting “notification of purpose of using retained personal data,” “disclosure of retained personal data” or “disclosure of records of provision to a third party,” the fee is ¥500 for each application. Please enclose a ¥500 postal money order with your request. If you are submitting multiple requests in the same envelope, please include a sufficient amount to cover the combined fee for all requests.
For requests relating to correction, supplementation, deletion, cessation of use or removal of retained personal data and requests for cessation of provision to a third party, there is no fee.
Method of replying
Requests for disclosure of retained personal data or disclosure of records of provision to a third party
We will reply using the method selected by the applicant on the request form. If no method has been selected, we will reply using a method of our choosing.
Requests received by mail:
The reply will be sent by simplified registered mail to the address shown on the identification document(s) submitted by the applicant. Please affix sufficient postage to a self-addressed stamped envelope and enclose it with the request form.
Requests submitted by electronic means:
The reply will be sent in the form of a PDF file attached to an email transmitted to the address shown on the request form.
Requests for other types of information
We will reply using a method of our choosing.
Purpose of using acquired personal information
Personal information acquired through inquiries, complaints or requests for disclosure made to the Company will only be used to confirm the identity of the individual concerned or that person’s representative and only to the extent necessary to respond to the request. Documents sent to the Company will not be returned. Once the process of replying has been completed, the Company will take appropriate steps to manage and destroy the information.
Reasons for not disclosing
The Company will be unable to respond to requests if any of the following apply: the request does not meet the requirements specified in the aforementioned procedure for requesting disclosure, etc.; the Company deems the request to be unreasonable based on the findings of an investigation; the Company believes it has reasonable grounds for not acceding to the request based on laws and regulations. The Company will communicate without delay to the person making the request its decision on whether it intends to meet the request for disclosure, etc. The Company will not refund the aforementioned fee in the event of a decision not to make the requested disclosure or not to provide notification of the purpose of using personal information.
If the subject of the request refers to matters that are handled by the Company for the purpose of news reporting or writing, the Company will be unable to respond to the request even if it involves personal data.
Revision of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be revised in order to strengthen protection of personal information or because of changes in the law. Any revision of the Privacy Policy will be posted and announced on the Website. Please review the Privacy Policy periodically.
Precedence of Japanese Version of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was originally prepared in the Japanese language. In the event of any discrepancy between the English-language version and the Japanese-language version regarding the interpretation of the Privacy Policy, the Japanese-language version shall take precedence.
Name of Business Operator, Address, Name of Official Representative
News2u Holdings Corporation
Ichibancho-Daini-TG Bldg. 6F,
2-2, Ichiban-cho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
President: Minako Suematsu
Revised June 1, 2022
株式会社ジャパンタイムズ（以下「当社」といいます）では、個人情報保護法および個人情報保護委員会の定めるガイドライン等を遵守し、個人情報の適正な取扱いを確保するために、ここにプライバシーポリシー（以下「本プライバシーポリシー」といいます）を定めます。
本プライバシーポリシーは、当社の個人情報の取扱いの一切について適用されます。また、報道・著述目的で取り扱う個人情報に対しては適用されませんが、当社は、個人情報保護に関する諸法規の趣旨を尊重し、これらの個人情報も適切に取り扱います。
個人情報の取得
当社は、適正かつ公正な手段によって、個人情報を取得します。
なお、当社が運営するウェブサイト (
https://www.japantimes.co.jp/
)（以下「本ウェブサイト」といいます）は、当社に関する情報を公開しているサイトであり、本ウェブサイトを閲覧するだけでは、Cookie（クッキー）やアクセスログなどの情報以外には、特に個人情報を収集されることはありません。本ウェブサイトで収集された個人情報に、オフラインや第三者から知り得た情報が補足されることはありません。
また、本ウェブサイトは、いくつかの外部サイトへのリンクを含みますが、個人情報を共有するものではありません。リンク先サイトにて行われる個人情報の収集に関しては、当社では一切責任を負えませんので、リンク先サイトの個人情報の取扱内容を必ずご参照ください。
個人情報の利用
取得した個人情報は、以下の利用目的で適正に利用します。
＜お客様の個人情報＞
当社が取り扱う製品・サービス、キャンペーン、メールマガジン、セミナー・イベント等のご提供および各種情報のご案内のため
お客様の閲覧履歴や購買履歴等の情報を分析して、お客様の興味・関心に応じた新商品・サービスに関する情報や広告等を配信するため
ご購入商品やアンケートの謝礼品等の発送のため
お客様のお問い合わせへの対応のため
サービス内容の改善、新たなサービスの開発のため
メンテナンス，重要なお知らせなど必要に応じたご連絡のため
サービスの規約に違反したお客様への対応のため
お客様ご自身でご利用サービスの変更・削除や、ご利用状況の確認を行っていただくため
有料サービスに関する請求や支払いの確認のため
上記の利用目的に付随する目的のため
＜お取引先様（法人の場合はその役職員）の個人情報＞
業務上必要なご連絡のため
取引先情報の管理のため
＜採用応募者様の個人情報＞
採用活動における審査およびご連絡のため
当社は、本人の事前の同意を得ることなく、利用目的の達成に必要な範囲を超えて個人情報を利用することはいたしません。利用目的の達成に必要な範囲を超えて個人情報を利用する場合は、利用目的を明示し、あらかじめ本人の同意を得るものとします。
安全管理
当社は、個人情報への不正アクセス、紛失、改竄、および漏洩などが行われないよう、必要かつ適切な安全管理措置を講じます。また、個人情報を取り扱う従業員や委託先等に対して、必要かつ適切な監督を行います。
第三者への提供
当社は、次に掲げる場合を除き、あらかじめ本人の同意を得ることなく、個人情報を国内および海外の第三者に提供いたしません。
法令等に基づく場合（個人情報保護に関する諸法規に基づく場合を含みます。）
人の生命、身体または財産の保護のために必要がある場合であって、本人の同意を得ることが困難である場合
公衆衛生の向上または児童の健全な育成の推進のために特に必要がある場合であって、本人の同意を得ることが困難である場合
国の機関もしくは地方公共団体またはその委託を受けた者が法令の定める事務を遂行することに対して協力する必要がある場合であって、本人の同意を得ることにより当該事務の遂行に支障を及ぼすおそれがある場合
合併その他の事由による事業の承継に伴って会員の個人情報が提供される場合
当社は、上記2の利用目的の達成に必要な範囲内において、業務委託先に対して個人情報の取扱いの全部または一部を委託することがあります。この場合、当社は、個人情報の安全管理が図られるよう、業務委託先に対して必要かつ適切な監督を行います。
共同利用
当社は、以下のとおり個人情報を共同利用します。
当社へのお問い合わせ等の際の個人情報
１
共同して利用される個人情報の項目
会社名、氏名、電話番号、メールアドレス等
２
共同して利用する者の範囲
株式会社ジャパンタイムズ
株式会社ニューズ・ツー・ユーホールディングス
株式会社ジャパンタイムズエージェンシー
株式会社ジャパンタイムズキューブ
株式会社ジャパンタイムズ出版
株式会社ジャパンタイムズHR
３
利用する者の利用目的
お客様のお問い合わせへの対応のため
当社または共同して利用する各社からのご案内、資料の送付、新サービスのご案内のため
４
個人情報の管理について責任を有する者の名称、住所、代表者の氏名
株式会社ジャパンタイムズ
東京都千代田区一番町2-2　 一番町第二TGビル6F
代表取締役　末松 弥奈子
採用活動に対して提供される応募者の個人情報
１
共同して利用される個人情報の項目
氏名、住所、年齢、電話番号、メールアドレス、学歴、職歴、志望職種、自己PR、パスポート・在留資格証の情報等の採用応募者に関する情報
２
共同して利用する者の範囲
株式会社ジャパンタイムズ
株式会社ニューズ・ツー・ユーホールディングス
株式会社ジャパンタイムズエージェンシー
株式会社ジャパンタイムズキューブ
株式会社ジャパンタイムズ出版
株式会社ジャパンタイムズHR
３
利用する者の利用目的
採用活動における審査およびご連絡のため
４
個人情報の管理について責任を有する者の名称、住所、代表者の氏名
株式会社ジャパンタイムズ
東京都千代田区一番町2-2　 一番町第二TGビル6F
代表取締役　末松 弥奈子
Cookie（クッキー）および他の技術
本ウェブサイトでは、Cookie（クッキー）および他の技術（ウェブビーコンなど）を利用して、お客様の本ウェブサイトの利用状況に関する情報を収集することがあります。
Cookieとは、ウェブサイトにアクセスした際にお客様が利用されているウェブサイト閲覧ブラウザ（以下「ブラウザ」といいます）に保存される情報です。
お客様のブラウザの設定により、ウェブサイトへの訪問時にCookieを使用していることを表示したり、Cookieの使用を無効にすることができます。お客様がCookieの使用を無効にしている場合、認証が必要なサービスを受けられなくなる等、本ウェブサイトの利用上、制約を受ける場合がありますのでご注意ください。
当社は、以下の目的のためにCookieを利用しています。
認証サービスのセッションを維持するため
お客様ごとにカスタマイズされたサービスを提供するため
当社のウェブサイト上での利用状況をもとに、適切な広告を他社ウェブサイト上で表示するため
当社のウェブサイトの利用者数や利用状況を調査するため
当社サービス改善のための分析情報収集のため
セキュリティー保持のため、ご利用から一定の時間が経過したお客様に対して再認証を促すため
なお、当社は、当社の広告の配信を委託する他社サイトへの委託に基づき、他社サイトを経由して、当社のCookieを保存し、参照する場合があります。
ウェブビーコンとはお客様のCookie情報、ページが表示された日時、ウェブビーコンが設置されたページの情報など、お客様のブラウザ上にある特定の情報を識別するために利用する技術です。ウェブビーコンは、対応したCookieを拒否することで、無効にすることができます。
アクセスログ
本ウェブサイトでは、ウェブサイトの管理や利用状況の分析のために、自動的に閲覧状況の統計を収集しています。これにより当社では、IPアドレス、訪問されたページ、ページの滞在時間、ウェブサイトにアクセスする直前のURL、ページ遷移の傾向ならびにオペレーティング・システム等についての統計的な情報を得ることができます。ただし、このような情報を個人情報にリンクして使用することを目的とはしておりませんが、ブログ等へのいわゆる「スパム投稿」などが発生した場合には、IPアドレス等を使用することがあります。
Google Analytics
本ウェブサイトでは、品質向上のために、Google社のGoogle Analyticsを利用しています。Google Analyticsは、Cookieを利用して、当社サイトへの訪問状況を収集・記録・分析します。Google Analytics でデータが収集・処理される仕組み、Google Analyticsの利用規約およびGoogle社のプライバシーポリシーについては以下のサイトをご覧ください。
Google Analyticsの利用規約
Google社のプライバシーポリシー
個人情報の開示等の請求
当社は、ご本人から当該ご本人が識別される個人情報の利用目的の通知、開示、内容の訂正・追加または削除、利用停止または消去、および第三者提供の停止等のご要望があったときは、個人情報保護に関する諸法規および当社所定の手続に従い、ご本人確認を行った上で、速やかに対応いたします。具体的な請求方法については下記９のお問い合わせ窓口にご連絡ください｡
個人情報に関するお問い合わせ、苦情対応窓口
当社は、個人情報の取扱いに関するお問い合わせおよび苦情を受け付ける窓口を設置し、これに適切かつ迅速に対応します。お問い合わせは、以下のご連絡方法により受け付けします。なお、当社へのお電話やご来社いただいてのお問い合わせはお受けしておりませんので、ご了承ください。
ウェブサイトでの受付
お問い合わせフォーム
郵送での受付
〒102-0082　東京都千代田区一番町２−２　一番町第二TGビル６F
株式会社ジャパンタイムズ
個人情報お問い合わせ係
開示等のご請求の手続について
保有個人データに関する利用目的の通知を求める場合、または保有個人データの開示、訂正、追加、削除、利用停止、消去、第三者提供の停止、もしくは第三者提供記録の開示等をご請求される場合は、以下の請求書をダウンロードし、所定事項をご記入の上、以下のご本人確認書類を同封して、「個人情報お問い合わせ係」までご郵送ください。
保有個人データの訂正、追加、削除等の請求書 (PDF)
保有個人データの利用目的の通知および開示等の請求書 (PDF)
ご本人確認書類（ご本人の氏名・現住所・生年月日が記載されていることが必要です）
1点のみで受付できるもの
運転免許証、パスポート、在留カード、マイナンバーカード（表面のみ）など顔写真がある公的書類のコピー
2点セットで受付できるもの
健康保険の被保険者証、年金手帳など顔写真の無い公的書類のコピー
住民票の写し、印鑑登録証明書（コピー不可）
代理人を通じて請求される場合は、上記の請求書およびご本人確認書類に加え、代理人ご自身の上記と同じご本人確認書類および委任状をお送りください。
手数料およびお支払方法
「保有個人データの利用目的の通知」、「保有個人データの開示」または「第三者提供記録の開示」をご請求される場合は、１件の申請につき、500円の手数料を申し受けます。500円分の郵便定額小為替を請求書に同封してお送りください。
なお、１通の請求書で複数のご請求をされる場合はご請求の件数に応じた合計額をご負担ください。
「保有個人データの内容の訂正、追加、削除、利用停止、消去」および「第三者提供の停止」のご請求には、手数料はかかりません。
回答方法
保有個人データまたは第三者提供記録を開示する場合
請求書でご本人が選択された方法で回答します。ご選択が無い場合は当社が選択した方法にてご回答します。
ご郵送による場合：
ご提出いただいたご本人確認書類に記載された住所宛てに簡易書留郵便でご郵送します。返信用封筒に簡易書留郵便に必要な切手を貼り、宛名を記してご請求書類と一緒にお送りください。
電磁的記録による提供の場合：
請求書に記載されたメールアドレス宛てにPDFファイルを添付して送信します。
その他の回答の場合
当社が選択した方法にてご回答します。
取得した個人情報の利用目的など
当社へのお問い合わせ、苦情、または開示等のご請求に関して取得した個人情報は、ご本人または代理人の確認や、回答等のご請求の対応に必要な範囲でのみ取り扱います。提出いただいた書類は返却いたしません。回答が終了した後、当社にて適切に管理、廃棄させていただきます。
不開示事由
上記に定める請求方法の要件を満たしていない場合、調査結果に基づき請求内容が不当と認められた場合、または法令等に基づき当社が相当な理由があると判断した場合は、請求に応じることはできません。開示等の実施、不実施については、ご請求のあったご本人に対して遅滞なくご連絡いたします。なお、不開示および利用目的の不通知の場合についても上記の手数料はお返しできません。
請求対象が報道や著述を目的として当社が取り扱っている場合は、個人データであってもご請求にはお答えできません。
プライバシーポリシーの改定
本プライバシーポリシーは、個人情報の保護を強化するため、または法律の変更等に伴い、改定されることがあります。本プライバシーポリシーを改定した場合には、本ウェブサイトにて掲載、告知を行います。定期的にご確認ください。
日本語版ポリシーの優先的適用
本プライバシーポリシーの原文は、日本語によって記載されています。英語版と日本語版で本プライバシーポリシーの解釈に相違が生じた場合は、日本語の原文を優先的に適用します。
事業者の名称・住所・代表者の氏名
株式会社ジャパンタイムズ
東京都千代田区一番町2-2 　一番町第二TGビル6F
代表取締役　末松 弥奈子
最終更新日　2022年６月1日
WHAT’S TRENDING
Editors' Picks
Osaka Expo-linked spending expected to hit ¥1 trillion
The North Korea taekwondo supremo that Austria can't kick
Amid labor shortage, Japan approves guidelines to upskill foreign workers
Nissan CEO Makoto Uchida to step down
Man arrested after fatal stabbing of woman in Shinjuku Ward
‘We are not Ukraine’: Top Taiwan officials temper comparisons after U.S. U-turn
14 years after 3/11 disasters, Fukushima vies to become a startup hub
Tokyo’s vinyl experts say overseas buyers are ‘sustaining the scene’
Slowly but surely, Osaka emerges from Kyoto’s fine-dining shadow
Cherry blossom season set to kick off on March 21 in Tokyo
Podcast
Kabukicho: Tokyo’s ‘stadium of desire’
Longform
Menstruation in Japan: Breaking the silence, slowly
By
Tomoko Otake
SUSTAINABLE JAPAN
Cainz enriches lives and communities through DIY
SPECIAL SUPPLEMENTS
Sponsored contents planned and edited by JT Media Enterprise Division.
広告出稿に関するおといあわせはこちらまで
Read more
SUPPLEMENTS BINDER
Bridges by SMS
Global Insight
GMI Post
GATE21
World Eye Reports
Latest News
Lack of exemption from U.S. steel tariffs 'regrettable,' says Japan
2 hours ago
Father of woman accused of 2023 Sapporo murder given suspended sentence
3 hours ago
The U.S. says Japan has a 700% tariff on American rice. Is that the case?
3 hours ago
Major Japanese companies agree to solid pay and bonus hikes
3 hours ago
Medical cap fumble paves way for unprecedented second revision of fiscal budget
4 hours ago
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps