To main content
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: August 18, 2023
1. WHO WE ARE
1.1. We are Panzerdog Oy located at Pasilankatu 2, 00240 Helsinki, Finland.
1.2. This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect and use your personal information when you use the mobile products and services ("Services") offered by Panzerdog Oy and its subsidiaries, including website
https://tacticool.game
(the "Site"), and the choices available to you in connection with our use of your personal information (the Privacy Policy).
This Privacy Policy should be read alongside, and in addition to, our Terms and conditions and our Cookie Policy (available online at
/cookies
).
In case of any contradictions between this Privacy Policy and the Terms, this Privacy Policy will prevail.
1.3. Please pay your attention that in case of using others different products and services suggested by Panzerdog Oy and/or on the Site, and in case of registration of an "extra" accounts, the certain privacy policies should be applied and accepted by you.
2. THIS PRIVACY POLICY
2.1. By making available the Services we, acting reasonably and in good faith, believe that you:
(a) have all necessary rights to register on and use the Services;
(b) provide true information about yourself to the extent necessary for use of the Services;
(c) understand that by the posting your personal information, if there is such technical possibility in the Services and where it is accessible by other users of the Services, you have manifestly made this information public, and this information may become available to other Site and/or Mobile application (hereinafter referred to as "Site") users and internet users, be copied and disseminated by them;
(d) are aware of and accept this Privacy Policy.
2.2. We do not check the user information received from you, except where such check is necessary in order for us to fulfill our obligations to you.
2.3. This Privacy Policy applies only to the European Union-based users. If you are not a European Union-based user, please refer to the Privacy Policy applicable in the relevant jurisdiction.
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
3.1. In order to implement the agreement between you and us, and provide you with access to the use of the Services, we will improve, develop and implement new features to our Services, and enhance the available Services functionality. To achieve these objectives, and in compliance with applicable laws, we will collect, store, aggregate, organise, extract, compare, use, and supplement your data (hereinafter "processing"). We will also receive and pass this data, and our automatically processed analyses of this data to our affiliates and partners as set out in the table below and section 4 of this Privacy Policy.
3.2. We set out in more detail the information we collect when you use our Services, why we collect and process it and the legal bases below.
Information Collected
Purpose
Legal Basis
Data you provide for registering in the Services including your email and/or mobile phone number
We use this information in order to manage and administer the Services provided to you. We use this data to enable us to fulfill our obligations to you as part of the Services (e.g. in cases where you request restoration of your account). See section 8.3 of this Privacy Policy for more information. We also use this information in order to provide you with updates and information on our and selected third parties' products and services we think you may be interested in.
Legitimate interests Performance of our contract with you
Where necessary, a copy of your identity or another document containing your name, surname, photograph, number of the principal identity document of you or your representative, payment details, and another additional data, with that you may provide us, including through our support service. We may take additional verification steps where we consider reasonable in order to verify your account.
We use this data in order to identify you, verify your account and prevent abuse and infringements of your or other persons' rights. For example, we use this information to verify your identity if you lose your credentials and wish to access your account with us.
Legitimate Interests
Additional data you provide when you edit your profile page via including your first and last name, nickname, gender, date of birth, avatar picture and language preferences.
We use this information in order to provide our Services to you, to manage and administer Services and as additional information to verify your account to prevent abuse and infringements of your or other persons' rights. We also use this information in order to provide you with updates and information on our and selected third parties' products and services we think you may be interested in. We use this information in order to tailor and improve the adverts that may be presented on the Site and in our others different products and services that you choose to use and measure the effectiveness of these advertisements.
Legitimate interests Performance of our contract with you
Additional data received when you access the Services, including information regarding technical devices, technical interaction with the Service such as your IP-address, time of registration in the Service, device ids, country and language settings, device model and operating system used, your installed apps, type of browser, your Internet provider and/or phone network operator, network type, screen resolution, RAM size and your browsing behavior.
We use your data for internal review in order to constantly improve the content of our Services and web pages, optimize your user experience, understand any errors you may encounter when using the Services, notify you of changes to the Services and personalize the use of our Services. We use this information in order to tailor and improve the adverts that may be presented on the Site and in our other different products and services that you choose to use and measure the effectiveness of these advertisements.
Legitimate Interests
Information that is automatically received at the time of access to the Services with the use of cookies.
Please see our cookies policy which sets out the types of cookies we use and what we use these cookies for. We use this information in order to tailor and improve the adverts that may be presented on the Site and in our other different products and services that you choose to use and measure the effectiveness of these advertisements.
Consent
Information that is created by you while using the Services (if there is such technical possibility in the Services) this information can be available to some or all other users of our Services.
We use this information in order to manage and administer the Services including providing our services to you.
Legitimate interests, which inter alia, include the processing of manifestly made public by you data where it is accessible by other users of the Services Performance of our contract with you.
Information that is obtained by the "Main" account from your "extra" accounts such asInformation that is received as the result of your behavioral actions when using the Services, that is received as the result of your using payment functionality of the Services (e.g. first and last four digits of your card number that are required in order to match these details with your account), etc.
We use this information in order to manage and administer the Services including providing our services to you. We use this information in order to tailor and improve the adverts that may be presented on the Site and in our other different products and services that you choose to use and measure the effectiveness of these advertisements.
Legitimate interests, which inter alia, include the processing of manifestly made public by you data where it is accessible by other users of the Services Performance of our contract with you.
Information that is created by you while placing requests to our Services support.
We use this information in order to verify your identity and to fulfill your support request. We may also use this data in order to investigate any complaints on your behalf and to provide you with a more efficient service.
Legitimate interests Performance of our contract with you
Data collected via third parties, including your social network ids, application store ids, nickname, email and friends list, when you register in our Services via you social or application store accounts and/or connect your social account to our Services (e.g. Facebook, Twitter).
We use this information in order to manage and administer the Services provided to you. We use this information for certain social functions of our Services, such as to show you who of your friends play the same game as you. We also use this information in order to provide you with updates and information on our and selected third parties' products and services we think you may be interested in.
Legitimate interests Performance of our contract with you
3.3. Our legitimate interests include (1) maintaining and administrating the Services; (2) providing the Services to you; (3) improving the content of the Services and web pages; (4) processing of the data that was manifestly made public by you where it is accessible by other users of the Services; (5) ensuring your account is adequately protected; and (6) compliance with any contractual, legal or regulatory obligations under any applicable law.
3.4. As part of maintaining and administrating the Services we use the information to analyze user activity and ensure that rules and terms of use for the Services are not violated.
3.5. Your personal information may also be processed if it is required by law enforcement or regulatory authority, body or agency, or in the defense or exercise of legal claims.
We will not delete personal information if it is relevant to an investigation or a dispute.
It will continue to be stored until those issues are fully resolved and/or during the term that is required and/or permissible under applicable/relevant law.
3.6. You may withdraw your consent to sending your marketing information by amending your privacy settings of your account. Anoption to unsubscribe will also be included in every SMS or email sent to you by us or our selected third party partners.
3.7. Please note, if you do not want us to process sensitive and special categories of data about you (including data relating to your health, racial or ethnic origin, political opinion, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, and your sexual orientation) you should take care not to post this information or share this data on the Site.
Once you have provided this data it will be accessible by other Site users and it becomes difficult for us to remove this data.
3.8. Please note, if you withdraw your consent to processing or you do not provide the data that we require in order to maintain and administer the Services, you may not be able to access the Services or register with the web pages.
3.9. If we intend to further process your data for any other purpose to those set out in this Privacy Policy, we shall provide you with details of this further purpose before we commence processing.
4. DATA SHARING
4.1. We take technical and organizational measures to ensure that your data is safe. Please note that by posting your personal information (if there is such technical possibility in the Services and where it is accessible by other users of the Services) you have manifestly made this information public, and this may become available to other Service users and internet users and be copied and/ or disseminated by such users.
4.2. We may share your data with our affiliates. Sometimes we may also need to share your data with a third party in order to provide our Services to you or to administer the Services, for example, if you choose to share your data across other social media platforms.
4.3. We may also share your data with our third party contractors and application developers provided these third parties assume confidentiality obligations regarding your personal data collected by your use of the applications they offer. The developers use the information provided to them in order to provide you with additional services. Data will only be shared with these developers with your consent. You can authorize developers to access your information via our products.
4.4. Our ad management and recommendation system is designed so that your information will not be shared directly with our third party advertisers. An advertiser or maker of a recommendation can only choose to target advertisements to groups of users falling within criteria such as age, gender or location, or to target communities according to type, e.g. cars or fashion. If you fall within one of the target groups you will receive an advert or recommendation.
4.5. An advertiser or maker of recommendations may also choose to upload a list of emails, phone numbers and identities to our systems so that we (but not the adviser or maker of recommendations) can check for user matches. They will see the number of matches but not the matches themselves.
4.6. Panzerdog Oy, other companies in our group of companies or our selected third party partners with our permission, using their own ad servers, can show advertisements to you. For example, by using our Services, you agree that we may transfer your data (including your email, nickname, country, time zone, language preferences) to Braze Inc. for the purpose of sending marketing communications about our Services and accept that your data will be processed in accordance with Braze privacy terms:
https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy
.
5. PRIVACY SETTINGS
5.1. The Services may contain links to sites operated by third parties. We are not responsible for your data privacy when you access these links or engage with third party services and you should ensure you review the relevant third party's privacy statement which will govern your data privacy rights.
5.2. We bear no liability for the actions of third parties which, as the result of your use of the internet or the Services, obtain access to your information in accordance with the confidentiality level selected by you.
5.3. We bear no liability for the consequences of use of the information which, due to the Services nature, is available to any internet user. We ask you to take a responsible approach to the scope of their information posted on the Site.
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
6.1. We may transfer and maintain on our servers or databases some of your personal information outside the European Economic Area (EEA) including in CIS.
6.2. The countries to which we transfer your data may not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. We take reasonable cyber security measures and/or put in place the Standard Contractual Clauses (e.g. Model Clauses, Data Processing Agreement/Addendum) to ensure your data is adequately protected.
7. RETENTION PERIODS
7.1. We will retain your personal information for as long as required to perform the purposes for which the data was collected depending on the legal basis for which that data was obtained and/or whether additional legal/regulatory obligations mandate that we retain your personal information during the term that is required and/or permissible under applicable/relevant law.
7.2. You may delete your personal data by removing the data from your account; alternatively, you can delete your account.
7.3. We may remove your account, or the information you post as provided by the Terms.
8. YOUR RIGHTS
8.1. You have the following rights, in certain circumstances, in relation to your personal information:
(a) Right to access your personal information.
(b) Right to rectify your personal information: you can request that we update, block or delete your personal data, if the data is incomplete, outdated, incorrect, unlawfully received or no longer relevant for the purpose of processing.
(c) Right to restrict the use of your personal information.
(d) Right to request that your personal information is erased.
(e) Right to object to processing of your personal information.
(f) Right to data portability (in certain specific circumstances).
(g) Right not to be subject to an automated decision.
(h) Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
8.2. You also have a right to independently remove personal information on your account and make changes and corrections to your information, provided that such changes and corrections contain up-to-date and true information. You can also view an overview of the information we hold about you.
8.3. If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact Support Service at support@panzerdog.com or send your request to us, in writing to Pasilankatu 2, 00240 Helsinki, Finland. We will aim to respond to you within 30 days from receipt of request. We will need to verify your identity before we are able to disclose any personal data to you.
9. SECURITY MEASURES
9.1 This notice to California residents is provided under California law, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Cal. Civ. Code 1798.100, et seq. This notice supplements our Privacy Policy by explaining your California privacy rights if you are a California resident and provides certain mandated disclosures about our treatment of California residents’ information, both online and offline.
9.2 If you are a California resident you have the following rights in relation to your personal information:
(a) Right to Access. If you are a California resident, you have the right to request, up to two times each year, access to categories and specific pieces of personal information about you that we collect, use, disclose, and sell.
(b) Right to Delete. If you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we delete personal information that we collect from you, subject to applicable legal exceptions.
(c) Process to Make a CCPA Request. To make an access or deletion request, please send your inquiries to Service support at
support@panzerdog.com
. or send your request to us in writing to Pasilankatu 2, 00240 Helsinki, Finland.
(d) Before completing your request, we may need to verify your identity or the identity of your authorized representative. We will then take action to verify your email address and may request additional documentation or information solely for the purpose of verifying your identity.
(e) Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information. If you are a California resident, you have the right to “opt out” of the “sale” of your “personal information” to “third parties” (as those terms are defined in the CCPA). You can exercise this right by amending the settings in the Services. Our Privacy Policy describes the limited circumstances in which we may share your information with third parties. Our Privacy Policy also provides you with certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use, and sharing of your information.
(f) Right to Non-Discrimination: You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.
(g) Shine the Light Act. If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by us and our affiliates to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We are dedicated to treating your personal information with care and respect. For inquiries regarding our disclosure policy, you may send your inquiries to Service support at
support@panzerdog.com
. or send your request to us in writing to Pasilankatu 2, 00240 Helsinki, Finland.
(h) Authorized Agents. If you would like to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, please be sure the agent can (i) demonstrate you have provided written permission for the agent to submit the request on your behalf, and (ii) provide proof of his or her own identity. If the agent does not satisfy these requirements, we will deny the request.
(i) Privacy Rights for California Minors. If you are a California resident under the age of 18, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to view, correct and request the removal of content or information you have posted to the Site, message boards, or forums. You may exercise this right you may send your inquiries to Service support at
support@panzerdog.com
. or send your request to us in writing to Pasilankatu 2, 00240 Helsinki, Finland. Note that any information posted to the message boards or forums is publicly viewable. We strongly recommend that all users avoid posting personal or sensitive information.
Residual copies of the content and/or information that have been deleted may remain on our backup servers. We do not have to remove posted content or information if it has been rendered anonymous. We may retain your information to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreements, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose. Additionally, we do not have control over third parties (e.g., other users) who may have copied or reposted the content or information.
9.3 Mandatory Disclosures. In addition to the information provided elsewhere in our Privacy Policy, we make the following disclosures for purposes of compliance with the CCPA:
• We collected the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: Identifiers, contact Information, demographic information, payment information associated with you, commercial information (such as information about goods and services you have purchased), Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information obtained from third parties, general location data (country, city), electronic information, and inferences drawn from the above. For detailed information please refer to “INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU” Section of this Privacy Policy.
• The sources of personal information that we collected are: our users, directly, third party sites or platforms that you link with your registration account, analytics tools, social networks, advertising networks, and trusted sources who update or supplement information we hold about you.
• The business or commercial purposes of collecting personal information are described in the “INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU” Section of this Privacy.
• We disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose in the last 12 months: IP addresses, Identifiers, information about your web browsing and app usage, demographic information, payment information associated with you, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information obtained from authorization services of third parties, general location data (country, city), electronic information, and inferences drawn from the above. We disclose these categories outside only as described in the “DATA SHARING” Section of this Privacy Policy.
• Although we do not sell personal information for monetary consideration, some of our partners may collect and process information when you interact with our Services, including IP addresses, digital identifiers, information about your web browsing and app usage, and how you interact with our advertising properties and ads in order to provide you with relevant ads across the Internet and for other analytics purposes, and such partners may “sell” that information to other businesses for advertising and other purposes under the definition of “sale” in the CCPA.
• As the term is defined by the CCPA, we “sold” the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: IP addresses, Identifiers/Contact Information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information about your web browsing and app usage, and inferences drawn from the above. We “sold” each category to social networks (for the authorization purposes), advertising networks, data analytics providers and our infrastructure service providers.
• The business or commercial purposes of “selling” personal information is for third party companies to perform services on our behalf, like marketing, advertising, performance and audience measurement.
• We do not “sell” personal information of known minors under 16 years of age.
9.4 Online Tracking/Do Not Track. We and our third party service providers may use cookies, pixels, or other tracking technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites. California Business and Professions Code Section 22575(b) (as amended effective January 1, 2014) permits our users who are California residents to be informed as to how we respond to Web browser "Do Not Track" settings. As Do Not Track is a standard that is currently being developed, we do not take actions to respond to Do Not Track settings, and instead, we adhere to the standards set out in this Privacy Policy.
10. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
10.1. We take technical, organizational and legal measures, including, where suitable, encryption, to ensure that your personal data are protected from unauthorized or accidental access, deletion, modification, blocking, copying and dissemination.
10.2. Access to the Services is authorized using your login (e-mail address or mobile phone number) and password. You are responsible for keeping this information confidential. You should not share your credentials with third parties and we recommend you take measures to ensure this information is kept confidential.
10.3. If you forget your login details, you can request us to send you an SMS or email, which will contain a restoration code.
10.4. To reduce the probability of third parties gaining unauthorized access, if you login to your account from an unusual place or after several failed attempts to provide valid login details, we may block entry to your account. You will then need to contact Service support and provide certain additional information to verify your credentials and gain access to your account.
11. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
11.1. From time to time, we may change and/or update this Privacy Policy. If this Privacy Policy changes in any way, we will post an updated version on this page. We will store the previous versions of this Privacy Policy in our documentation achieve. We recommend you regularly review this page to ensure that you are always aware of our information practices and any changes to such.
12. CONTACT US
12.1. If you have any questions, please send your inquiries to Service support at support@panzerdog.com or in writing to Pasilankatu 2, 00240 Helsinki, Finland. So we can deal with your inquiry effectively, please quote this Privacy Policy. We will aim to respond to you within 30 days from receipt of the request.
12.2. All correspondence received by us from you (written or electronic inquiries) is classified as restricted-access information and may not be disclosed without your written consent. The personal data and other information about you may not be used without your consent for any purpose other than for response to the inquiry, except as expressly provided by law.
12.3. The e-mail address of our DPO is
support@panzerdog.com
.
13. PRIVACY NOTICE TO PARENTS/LEGAL GUARDIANS
13.1 We encourage parents to discuss with their children the importance of personal data protection.
13.2 We will not require a child to provide more information than is reasonably necessary in order to use the Services.
13.3 If children are under 13 years old and under applicable law a parental consent is required, use of the Services if forbidden.
13.4 At any time, parent/legal guardian, who has revealed that their children use the Services in violation of this Privacy Policy, can request that we cease collecting of personal data of their children in association with a particular account, by sending
a corresponding request via support@panzerdog.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy:
Legal
/
Privacy Policy...
Privacy Policy
For individuals interested in learning more about how we handle personal data related to job applications and recruitment, please
refer to our Candidate Privacy Policy for detailed information on our privacy practices
.
Last Updated:
February 27, 2025
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PART I. GENERAL INFORMATION
1.1 OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
1.2 INTRODUCTION TO BRAZE
1.3 SCOPE OF THIS POLICY
PART II. DATA COLLECTION AND USE
2.1 DATA COLLECTION
2.2 PURPOSES OF PROCESSING
2.3 DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
PART III. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS, SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
3.1 PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA IN THE U.S. AND ELSEWHERE
3.2 SECURITY
3.3 DATA RETENTION
PART IV. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
4.1 EXERCISING YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
4.2 PRIVACY RIGHTS AND BRAZE CUSTOMERS
4.3 MARKETING AND ADVERTISING
4.4 COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
4.5 CHAT TECHNOLOGIES
PART V. LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA
PART VI. IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
6.1 YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.
6.2 CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA THAT WE COLLECT AND THIRD PARTIES TO WHOM THE DATA MAY BE DISCLOSED
6.3 THE SALE AND SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
6.4 SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION AND DE-IDENTIFIED DATA
PART VII. IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR JAPANESE VISITORS
7.1 PERSONAL DATA DISCLOSURE
7.2 BRAZE JAPAN’S INFORMATION
PART VIII. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
8.1 CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
8.2 CHILDREN
8.3 HOW TO CONTACT US
PART I. GENERAL INFORMATION
1.1 OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust is one of our highest priorities. This Privacy Policy provides you with a description of how we collect and use data relating to or identifying individuals (“
Personal Data
”). We also provide information on privacy rights, how to exercise these rights and how to contact us with any questions.
1.2 INTRODUCTION TO BRAZE
Braze is a U.S. company, headquartered in New York, with global operations. A reference to “
Braze
,” “
we
,” “
us
” or the “
Company
” is a reference to Braze, Inc. and the relevant affiliate(s) involved in the processing activity.
Braze is a life-cycle engagement platform for companies around the world, supporting stronger relationships between brands and their clients, primarily by leveraging first party data to personalize and automate life-cycle marketing campaigns through first party channels, such as email, SMS, mobile and web push notifications, and in-app/in-browser messaging.
More information about Braze can be found on our
main website
. For details specific to our services in Japan, please visit the
Braze Japan website
.
1.3 SCOPE OF THIS POLICY
What is in Scope?
This Privacy Policy applies to Braze, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data for our marketing or business purposes (further details below) and in such capacity, we will use the term “Data Controller”.
What is not in Scope?
Our Websites and Services are intended to be used by businesses and their representatives. We do not offer any products or services to individuals for personal, family or household use. All Personal Data that we process is treated as belonging to individuals in a business capacity.
Braze’s privacy commitments to its customers, where we process Personal Data on behalf of our customers, are outlined in Braze’s agreements with such customers. In our capacity as a processor of our customers’ data, we will refer to ourselves as a “Data Processor.” Specifically, in that capacity, Braze processes Personal Data of people who interact with customer applications or websites that are offered by our customers and that have incorporated Braze technology (“
Customer Applications
”). The protections that apply to such Personal Data will be described in the individual privacy policies of those customers, and not in this Privacy Policy. If you wish to learn more about the privacy and data security practices of those customers, you should reach out to them directly. For clarity, this Privacy Policy does not cover any Personal Data that our customers choose to collect and share with Braze, where Braze is not the Data Controller, but is instead a Data Processor.
Individuals who are interested in, apply for, or are recruited for a job with Braze can find our related privacy practices described in our Candidate's Privacy Policy. For more details, please
view our Candidate Privacy Policy
.
Additionally, our Websites or Services (as defined below) may contain links to other websites, applications and services maintained by third parties. The privacy and data security practices of such third-party sites and/or services are governed by the privacy statements of those third parties, and not by this Privacy Policy.
PART II. DATA COLLECTION AND USE
2.1 DATA COLLECTION
The Personal Data that Braze collects will be determined by your interaction with Braze, our partners, Braze publications and other sources.
How and where do we collect data?
Braze collects Personal Data from prospects, customers, participants at our trainings, certifications and events, business partners and vendors (if they are natural persons), their respective employees, advisors, and/or consultants, along with the data of whomever our customers have authorized to use free and paid versions of the Braze services (the “
Services
”) on their behalf (collectively, “
Individuals
”), who:
Visit our websites (the “
Websites
”);
Visit our offices;
Receive/send communications from/to us, including via mail, email, phone call, Slack, chat features of our Websites, support tickets or texts;
Use our Services as an authorized user (for example, an employee of one of our customers who has been given a log-in to access our Services) (
"Dashboard User"
);
Register for, attend and/or otherwise take part in our events, webinars, contests, trainings and certification courses;
Download or otherwise engage with Braze content and publications, such as viewing our videos, reading content on our Websites, or interacting with our chat bot;
Submit requests for an action, support or information;
Participate in meetings or events;
Engage with our resellers or partners;
Work at partners or suppliers of Braze and interact with our company in the course of doing business or contemplating doing business with us; or
Otherwise directly interact with Braze.
Braze collects Personal Data from a variety of sources, such as from:
The Individual who is the subject of such Personal Data, including in their use of the Websites and the Services;
Publicly available sources, such as an individual’s social media account, online communities, forums, blogs or chat rooms;
Our business partners;
Vendors; and
Braze affiliates.
What type of data do we collect?
Personal Data that we may collect includes, but is not limited to:
Name and job title;
Contact information such as email address, business phone number, and business address;
Industry;
Employer;
Marketing subscription status;
Audio and video recordings and notes from meetings;
Event attendance and preferences associated with in-person event attendance, such as dietary requirements;
Trainings and certifications;
Downloads or engagement with Braze reports and other publications;
Communications that we exchange with you, including when you contact us with questions or feedback, through the support portal, email, calls to our support team, our chat features, social media, survey participation, or otherwise;
Certain information in connection with the use of the Websites by visitors and the Services by Dashboard Users, and information about your interaction with other relevant third-party pages displaying Braze content, which may include:
Device Data: information may include IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, and operating system and system configuration information; and
Usage Data: information, such as activity on the Websites and Services, the pages and files viewed, actions taken, conversations through our chat features, searches, account configuration information and date/time stamps associated with your usage.
Some of the information described above is collected through our Websites and our Services using logs, cookies and/or other tracking technologies. To read more about the cookies and tracking technologies we use, please visit our
Cookie Policy
. You are able to
manage your cookie consent preferences
.
We also use session replay technology provided by third-party vendors to record the interactions and Personal Data of Dashboard Users and visitors to certain Websites, such as our learning management system. We and such third-party vendors may use information from these recordings, which may include the Usage Data detailed above. Personal Data within these recordings may be processed for the purposes outlined in Section 2.2 of this Privacy Policy. Such recordings do not include Personal Data for which Braze is a Data Processor.
2.2 PURPOSES OF PROCESSING
Braze collects Personal Data for several purposes, including:
Enabling us to understand and engage with those who are interested in learning about our products, services, content, and company-related initiatives;
Promoting the security of our Websites and Services by tracking use of our Websites and Services, enforcing our terms and policies, investigating and preventing fraudulent, suspicious or illegal activities, and preventing unauthorized access to the Services;
Providing, operating, and maintaining the Services including billing and account management purposes;
Responding to requests for action, support or information;
Complying with our contractual obligation to provide technical and customer success support;
Registering office visitors to maintain the security of our offices and to ensure the confidentiality of our business activities;
Analyzing our customers' use of the Services and Websites for trend monitoring, marketing, advertising, business development, for improvements, for security purposes and to ensure continued proper functioning;
Marketing purposes;
To send marketing communications about us and our affiliates and partners, including information about our products, promotions or events via email and other channels;
To facilitate targeted advertising campaigns;
To send marketing communications about us and our affiliates and partners, including information about our products, promotions or events via email and other channels;
For internal training and research;
Sending messages to Dashboard Users about technical alerts, updates, security notifications, and educational, administrative or transactional communications; and
Complying and assisting with legal obligations, judicial proceedings, court orders and legal processes, pursuing remedies available to us and limiting our damages, responding to lawful requests and pursuing internal investigations.
Where we need to collect and process Personal Data by law, or under a contract we have entered into with you, and you fail to provide the required Personal Data when requested, we may not be able to comply with our legal obligations or perform our contract with you.
If you provide us with Personal Data relating to another person, you confirm that you have informed them of our identity, the purposes (as set out above) for which their Personal Data will be used, and that you have obtained their consent prior to sharing their Personal Data with us.
2.3 DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We may disclose Personal Data to the following types of third parties and for the following purposes:
Braze Affiliates -
We may disclose Personal Data to Braze corporate group affiliates in connection with customer or technical support, marketing, business development, operations, account management, events or webinars, for general business purposes, in order to protect, exercise, establish or defend legal rights, where we are legally required to do so and to receive professional advice.
Partners -
If you use our Websites to register for an event or webinar organized by one of our partners, we may disclose your Personal Data to these partners to process your registration and manage your participation in the event. In such instances, our partner will process the relevant Personal Data as a separate controller and the partner’s use and control over your Personal Data will be governed by their privacy policy. We may also disclose your Personal Data to technology and solutions partners in connection with customer or technical support, marketing, business development and account management.
Vendors –
We may disclose Personal Data to third party vendors and service providers for general business purposes and to support our internal operations, including IT solutions vendors, marketing vendors, advertising vendors, consultants, professional advisers acting as processors or controllers, including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers. We may also disclose Personal Data where we believe it necessary in order to protect or exercise, establish or defend our legal rights.
Shared Communities -
Any Personal Data or other information you choose to submit in communities, forums, blogs or chat rooms on our Websites may be read, collected and used by others who visit these forums, depending on your account settings.
Law Enforcement -
We may disclose Personal Data to a third party where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including government authorities, law enforcement and others.
Corporate Transaction Participants -
We may transfer Personal Data in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
PART III. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS, SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
3.1 PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA IN THE U.S. AND ELSEWHERE
Braze, Inc. is located in the United States ("
U.S.
") and our group companies operate in Singapore, Germany, Japan, Canada, France, Australia, Indonesia, the United Kingdom ("
UK
"), Ireland, Romania, Brazil, South Korea and the United Arab Emirates. Braze works with vendors and partners who operate predominantly in these countries. From time to time, we may work with vendors and partners in other parts of the world where we do business. This means that when we collect your Personal Data, we may process it in any of these countries. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective), but we have in place appropriate safeguards and international transfer mechanisms (e.g., the Data Privacy Framework or the EU Standard Contractual Clauses). We also implement a number of supplementary measures designed to better protect the Personal Data with which we are entrusted.
Where available, Braze, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (collectively, the “Data Privacy Framework”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data transferred from the European Union, the UK, and Switzerland, as applicable, to the US in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework. For more details, please
read our Data Privacy Framework Notice
.
For non-US transfers, Braze may rely on an alternative transfer mechanism, including the 2021 EU Standard Contractual Clauses, to transfer Personal Data from the UK and European Economic Area ("
EEA
") to other third-party countries.
3.2 SECURITY
We use a number of technical, organizational and administrative security measures designed to protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of information. However, security risk is inherent in internet and information technologies and we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data.
3.3 DATA RETENTION
We will retain Personal Data we collect from you for so long as we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (in connection with the purposes set out in Part II above). We determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data on the basis of the purpose for which we process the Personal Data, the amount, nature and sensitivity of your Personal Data processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data and whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, as well as on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitation). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
PART IV. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
4.1 EXERCISING YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
You may have the right under applicable law to request that we take certain actions in connection with Personal Data that we may have about you. Not all jurisdictions grant privacy rights, so whether or not you have any such rights, and the nature of those rights, if any, are determined by multiple factors, including your location, country, state, or place of residence. Privacy rights may include the following:
Information:
You may be able to request information about the categories of Personal Data we collect, the categories of sources from which we collect it, the purposes for which we process it, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose it.
Access:
You may be able to request access to the Personal Data we hold about you.
Rectification/correction
: You may be able to request modification or correction of your Personal Data if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Erasure/deletion:
You may be able to request that we delete Personal Data we hold about you.
Restriction:
You may be able to request that we restrict use of your Personal Data.
Objection:
You may be able to object to the processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing or where our legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest.
Portability:
You may be able to request a copy of your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, to allow you to transfer your data to another provider.
Automated Decision Making:
You may be able to request not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, where it produces a legal or similar effect.
If you wish to exercise any of these requests, please
fill out the form provided
. We will respond to requests from individuals wishing to exercise data protection rights applicable to them. For certain rights, such as where you request access to Personal Data, we will need to confirm your identity. To verify your identity, we will require you to provide ID, where permitted or required by applicable law. You also have the right to exercise your applicable privacy rights free from discriminatory treatment and retaliation as prohibited by applicable law. These rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline or partially decline your request as permitted by law.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. If you have a question about your privacy rights, please email us at
privacy@braze.com
.
4.2 PRIVACY RIGHTS AND BRAZE CUSTOMERS
Braze customers may collect Personal Data through their websites or applications and send that data to the Braze Services. Where you wish to enforce any of your rights in respect of such data, we encourage you to contact the customer who provides you with the Customer Application, as this will be the quickest way to have your request processed. Where you submit a request about a Braze customer and you are able to identify the customer, we forward your request to the customer to handle.
4.3 MARKETING AND ADVERTISING
At any time, you have the right to opt-out of marketing communications that we send, or object to the use of your personal data for behavioral advertising. You can exercise these rights by
visiting the Braze Preference Center
for managing your communication preferences, or by using the contact details provided under the '
How to Contact Us
' heading below. Dashboard Users of the Services may exercise this right through preference center options available within the Services. Where applicable, you may also opt-out through unsubscribe options available within the marketing communication itself.
Please note that opting-out of the receipt of marketing communications or objecting to the use of your personal data for behavioral advertising does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as communications about event registrations, service announcements or security information.
4.4 COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
You can manage your cookie preferences by
visiting our Cookie Consent Manager to customize your cookie settings
. Please see our
Cookie Policy
for further information on cookies and other tracking technologies.
4.5 CHAT TECHNOLOGIES
We use chat technologies provided by third-party vendors that employ cookies and software code to operate the chat features you can use to communicate with us through our Websites. We and such third-party vendors may monitor, record and use information from your interactions with our Websites. This information includes details you have shared through online chats, data on sections of the Website you have visited, your IP address and your general geographic information (e.g., city, state). This Personal Data may be processed for the purposes outlined in Section 2.2 of this Privacy Policy.
PART V. LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA
If you are from a region that requires us to have a legal basis for processing your Personal Data, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you or may otherwise need the Personal Data to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
PART VI. IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, this section applies to you in addition to the rest of the Privacy Policy. It provides more detail on how we collect, use and disclose Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this Part VI, Personal Information has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“
CCPA
”). However, this Part VI does not apply:
To information exempted from the scope of the CCPA;
To Personal Information we collect, use, and disclose on behalf of our customers as a "service provider" under the CCPA for purposes of providing our Services to them.
6.1 YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
As a California resident, you have information, access, rectification/correction, erasure/deletion, and non-discrimination rights as described in Part IV (Your Privacy Rights). In addition, you have the right to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of Personal Information as those terms are defined by the CCPA.
If you have appointed an authorized agent to act on your behalf, your authorized agent may request to exercise these rights on your behalf upon our verification of the agent’s identity and our receipt of a copy of a valid power of attorney given to your authorized agent pursuant to applicable California law. If you have not provided your agent with such a power of attorney, we may ask you and/or your agent to take additional steps permitted by law to verify that your request is authorized, such as information required to verify your identity and that you have given the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
6.2 CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA THAT WE COLLECT AND THIRD PARTIES TO WHOM THE DATA MAY BE DISCLOSED
The following chart describes our practices currently in use and in use during the past 12 months. This chart summarizes the Personal Information we collect by reference to the statutory categories specified in the CCPA, and the categories of third parties to whom we may disclose it for a business purpose. These third parties are defined in Section 2.3 (Disclosure of Information to Third Parties). Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms or via email, may contain other categories of Personal Information not described below. The business/commercial purposes for which we use these categories of Personal Information listed in the below table are described above in Section 2.2 (Purposes of Processing). Our relevant data retention practices are addressed in Section 3.3 (Data Retention).
6.3 THE SALE AND SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Like many companies, Braze uses services that employ cookies and other technologies to collect Personal Information (including the identifiers and internet activity information described in the table above) about your use of our Websites and other online services over time, which helps us to deliver behavioral advertising. In addition, we may provide your contact details to our advertising vendors for the placement of targeted ads. Braze may share contact details of business contacts with our technology or solutions partners during any sales negotiations. Our use of some of these services constitutes the “sale” or “sharing” of Personal Information as defined under the CCPA.
You may opt-out of such sales or sharing by clicking on the 'Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information'
link
in the footer of our Websites and following the instructions therein. You can also opt-out of advertising cookies by
visiting our Cookie Consent Manager to adjust your cookie preferences
, or by enabling
Global Privacy Control
(“GPC”) in your web browser or browser extension, which we recognize to the extent required by applicable law. Enabling GPC will automatically set your cookie settings to opt out of the sharing of Personal Information for behavioral advertising. If you choose to use GPC, you will need to turn it on for each supported browser or browser extension you use. Other than GPC, we do not recognize any “do not track” signals.
Dashboard Users of the Services can also opt-out of the selling or sharing of contact details through setting preference center options available within the Services.
While our Website and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16, we are required to inform you that we have no actual knowledge that we have sold or shared the Personal Information of California residents under 16 years of age.
6.4 SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION AND DE-IDENTIFIED DATA
Braze does not use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information (as defined by the CCPA) for restricted purposes that California residents have a right to limit under the CCPA.
We do not to attempt to re-identify de-identified information that we derive from Personal Information, except for the purpose of testing whether our deidentification processes comply with applicable law.
PART VII. IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR JAPANESE VISITORS
7.1 PERSONAL DATA DISCLOSURE
Braze K.K. (“
Braze Japan
”) may disclose your Personal Data to Braze group affiliates and other third parties for the purposes described in Section 2.3 (Disclosure of Information to Third Parties). A list of the Braze office locations may be found on our
Website
. The categories or items of the Personal Data that Braze Japan may disclose to a third party are the same as those described in Section 2.1 (Data Collection). When Braze Japan discloses your Personal Data to entrusted third parties, Braze Japan shall be the entity that is responsible for processing and managing your Personal Data.
7.2 BRAZE JAPAN’S INFORMATION
Braze Japan’s official name, address, and the name of the representative director can be found
on Braze Japan's company page
. If you have any questions, requests, or complaints about our processing of your Personal Data or this Privacy Policy, please follow the instructions described in Section 8.3 (How to Contact Us).
PART VIII. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
8.1 CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we change our Privacy Policy, we will update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this webpage. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy frequently to stay informed of the latest modifications.
8.2 CHILDREN
Our Websites are not directed to individuals under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from such individuals without parental consent and require our customers to fully comply with applicable law in the data collected from children under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child has provided us with Personal Data without your consent, please contact us by using the information in the “
How to Contact Us
” section, below, and we will take steps to delete such Personal Data from our systems.
8.3 HOW TO CONTACT US
If you would like to update your preferences with regards to our marketing communications to you, you can do this in our
Preference Center
.
If you have a request regarding Braze’s processing of your Personal Data, please
fill out the request form provided here
.
If you would like to manage your cookie settings you may do so by
Visiting our Cookie Consent Manager.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, if you have a complaint, or would like to contact our DPO, you may contact us at:
privacy@braze.com
or
Braze, Inc.
Privacy Policy Issues
Attention: General Counsel
63 Madison Building
28 East 28th Street
12th Floor Mailroom
New York, NY 10016
USA