Summary
Although you should read through the Privacy Policy for complete information on how we collect, use, share, and secure information, the following provides a summary of some of the most important aspects of the privacy practices of WMT Digital, LLC dba Aloompa. (“Aloompa”):
Aloompa will collect and use the Personal Information you provide through the Application and/or through the related Website and other Services offered by Aloompa, as further set out in this Privacy Policy. Aloompa may also, with your consent, collect profile information from Third Party Providers to which you connect when using our Application and/or related Website, as further set out in this Privacy Policy.
This information will be used by Aloompa for the purposes of providing you access to the functionalities of the Services and, with your consent, to provide personalized recommendations on artists, events or products related to the event to which the Services relate (the “Event”) and provide personalized access to targeted content. Aloompa may also enable targeted advertising and enable personalized targeted messaging, unless you opt of these uses as set out in this Privacy Policy.
Aloompa may share Personal Information with the producer or organizer of an Event to enable it to provide personalized recommendations on artists, events or products related to the Event. Aloompa may also share this information with other parties, with your consent, for the same purposes.
Aloompa may also provide information in an aggregate, non-personally identifying form to sponsors of the Event to which the Services relate, to improve their products and for market study purposes.
Aloompa may also use Personal Information for the purposes of providing you with information on other products that we believe may be of interest to you; to opt out of this use, please contact Aloompa as outlined below.
To obtain information on the practices of Aloompa in relation to the use of service providers outside the United States, on how to request the access, deletion and/or correction of the files held by Aloompa, or for other questions on Aloompa’s policies and practices related to Personal Information, contact Aloompa’s Privacy Officer at
privacy@aloompa.com
.
Scope
The Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Application, Website and related services (the “Services”) offered by WMT Digital, LLC dba Aloompa. (“Aloompa” or “we” or “us” or “our”).
This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect, how we collect it, what we use it for, how we protect it, and when we disclose it to third parties.
By downloading, using, or accessing any Service, you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you may not use any Service or submit any Personal Information to us in connection with a Service.
Personal Information Collected
“Personal Information” is information about an identifiable individual, such as your name, email address and other service identifiers such as your Facebook UID. We collect Personal Information about you in the circumstances described below. We may also collect additional information, such as your age, gender, and certain preferences, and if we link that information to you, we will treat this information as Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. To enable us to provide the Services, we will ask you to provide certain Personal Information when you first make use of any Service and may ask you to provide additional information if you register your profile. We may also collect additional information if you sign in to the Services through a service provided by a third party such as Facebook, Spotify or Deezer (each a “Third Party Provider”), as outlined below. We may also collect certain geolocation information on your use for the Services, based on the location of the device you use for the Services, with your consent.
We may also collect other Personal Information about you when you provide it to us voluntarily, such as, by filling out a form or survey; by registering an account and email address with us; by emailing us; or by contacting support.
If you do not want us to collect Personal Information about you, you can decide not to submit it to us, but be aware that we may not be able to provide you with the Services if we do not collect certain information from you. We may also collect any other information with your consent or as permitted or required by law.
Third Party Provider Permissions.
The Services may ask you to grant permissions to retrieve information from your accounts with Third Party Providers. For example, the Services may ask you to grant some Facebook permissions allowing it to perform actions with your Facebook account and to retrieve information, including Personal Information, from this account. The permissions asked from Facebook are the following:
Basic information: by default, this includes some of your personal information such as id, name, picture, gender, location and likes. Certain of your connections, such as your Friends, are also available. If you have made more of your information public, more information will be available.
Email: Provides access to your primary email address
You should verify your profile and the settings of your accounts with Third Party Providers to ensure that you understand the information that may be shared with Aloompa through their services. For information about the Facebook permissions, refer to
Facebook permissions documentation
and to the
Facebook privacy policy
.
Purposes
Provision of Services.
We collect and use your Personal Information, as outlined above, to provide Services to you, and to operate and improve the Services. These uses include providing you access to the functionalities of the Services; providing you with the Services you request; providing you with more effective customer service; providing technical support; making the Services easier to use; and performing research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and/or technologies.
Recommendations.
Aloompa may, with your consent, use music activity information as well as the information obtained through Third Party Providers as outlined above to provide personalized recommendations on artists, events or products related to the Event and to provide personalized access to targeted content. Aloompa may also share this information with the sponsor of the Event for the same purposes.
Marketing Uses.
Unless you opt-out, we may also enable targeted advertising and enable personalized targeted messaging, and we may provide you with information on current activities, general announcements, upcoming products and services, changes to our products or services, and upcoming events. These communications may be sent by e-mail or by text message and through the Services. You may withdraw your consent to this use of your Personal Information by contacting us as outlined below. We may also use your information to conduct research, analysis, or studies for our own purposes. We may aggregate your information with the data from other users and use this for future analysis. We may sell or publish this aggregated, non-personally-identifying data. We may also use your information for other purposes with your consent or as permitted or required by law.
Service Communications.
Even if you opt-out of receiving marketing communications, we may send certain service communications, such as confirmations or security announcements, by e-mail, through the Services, or by text message.
Geolocation Information.
Geolocation information we collect may be used by Aloompa to help us improve our products and services. This information may also be shared with some of our service providers on a non-personally identifying basis, including for the purposes of improving the safety and experience of users at the Event.
Other Information.
We may also use tracking software and similar technology to automatically collect information about your computer or device hardware and software, and your use of the Services. This information may include details about your visits to our Website or use of the Application or other Services, the resources you access, date and time stamps, Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, referring website addresses, application activity logs and error logs, and information about your use of our Services. We use technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on the Application and Website or other Services. This information may be used by us for the operation of the Services and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Services. We use web analytics and behavioral tracking services and tools (such as Google Analytics) that may analyze use of our Services and collect data that may be connected to other data about you on the Services). We use Google Analytics to obtain trend information about users’ interactions with the Website, for system administration purposes and to identify problems and improve our services and products. Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to report on visitor interactions. These cookies are used to store non-personally identifiable information, such as what time the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before, and what site referred the visitor to the web page. For further information about Google Analytics, and for links to Google’s Privacy Policy and an opt-out tool for Google Analytics, go
here
.
If we associate information we collect through these technologies with Personal Information we collect in other ways, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
You have various tools to control cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, including browser controls to block and delete cookies and controls from some third-party analytics service providers to opt out of data collection through web beacons. Your choices may impact your experiences with our products and services.
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
We will use reasonable practices to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. While we will use such efforts, we cannot ensure the security of your Personal Information. Accordingly, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, WE ASSUME NO LIABILITY FOR ANY DISCLOSURE OF DATA DUE TO ERRORS IN TRANSMISSION, UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY ACCESS OR OTHER ACTS OF THIRD PARTIES, OR ACTS OR OMISSIONS BEYOND OUR CONTROL.
We retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law or to otherwise fulfill a legal obligation.
How May We Share Your Information With Third Parties?
Service Providers.
We use various third party service providers, such as Amazon Web Services. We may transfer Personal Information to agents or service providers (including affiliates acting in this capacity) that perform services on our behalf, for example: marketing, information technology and/or data hosting or processing services, or similar services, or otherwise to collect, use, disclose, store or process Personal Information on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Some of these service providers may be located outside of your jurisdiction, including in the United States. While outside of your jurisdiction, your Personal Information will be subject to applicable foreign legal requirements, which may include lawful requirements to disclose Personal Information to government authorities in certain circumstances.
Laws, Legal Proceedings or Potential Legal Proceedings.
We may share your information with others as required by, or permitted by, law.
In Cases of Sales, Mergers, or Acquisition.
If Aloompa becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of our assets or business, your information may be provided to the entities and advisors involved, for the purposes of determining whether to proceed with the transaction and, where applicable, concluding the transaction. Your information may be transferred to a successor or assign of all or part of our assets or business, which may use and disclose the information for similar purposes as those described in this Privacy Policy.
Event Sponsors and Third Parties:
Aloompa may provide Personal Information to sponsors of the Event to which the Services relate, to provide personalized recommendations on artists, events or products related to the Event or on other artists, events or products that may be of particular interest to you and to improve their products and for market study purposes. Aloompa may, with your consent, share your Personal Information with other third parties for the same purposes.
In Aggregate Form.
Aloompa may aggregate your data with the data from other users and use this for future analysis. If we do so, we will de-identify your data so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify you. Aloompa may use and/or publish this aggregated, non-personally identifying data and/or share it with third parties.
Third Party Websites and Third Party Collection of Information
The Website or our e-mails may link to third parties’ websites. It is also possible that the websites or emails of third parties may link to our Website. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by third parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of third parties before transmitting any Personal Information to them.
How can I opt out of marketing and other communications?
You may opt-out of the use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes by contacting us as outlined below. You may unsubscribe from receiving notices from us by following the instructions in the communications we send you.
Access
The file containing this Personal Information will be kept at the premises or on the servers of Aloompa or its service providers and their respective employees or agents who require it for the purposes of their duties will have access to this file.
To request access to, deletion, or correction of, your Personal Information, or if you have any questions or concerns about how we handle your Personal Information, please write to our Privacy Officer at
privacy@aloompa.com
.
For Residents of California – California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
You have the right to request that Aloompa disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. You can make this request by emailing privacy@aloompa.com. Your request will be responded to within 45 days. Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. We only use personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
NON-DISCRIMINATION
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level of quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price rate for goods or services or a different level of quality of goods or services.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Aloompa has sold the following categories of Personal Information:
Category A: Identifiers
[NO]
Category B: California Consumer Records Personal Information categories
[NO]
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
[NO]
Category D: Commercial information
[NO]
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy and its updated date to reflect changes to our data governance practices. If we propose to make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this page prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.