Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
We care about your privacy
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
TikTok
1
Learn more about this provider
_tt_enable_cookie
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
TikTok
5
Learn more about this provider
tt_appInfo
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
tt_pixel_session_index
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
tt_sessionId
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
_ttp [x2]
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
Unclassified
0
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/10/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
Introduction
Reflective Technologies ApS (
“Reflective Technologies”
,
“Reflectly ApS”
,
“Reflectly”
,
“we”
,
“our”
or
“us”
) are committed to respecting your privacy and processing personal data in accordance with the EU GDPR. The Privacy Policy set out in this document relates to all websites and mobile applications owned or controlled
                    by Reflective Technologies at any given time. The applications are subject to change but set out in the
Reflectly
and
Reflectly X
developer pages on the Apple Store and the
Reflective Technologies
developer page on the Google Play Store. Collectively they
                    will be referred to as
"the
                        Apps"
and will include any alternative means of offering or delivering our software and services provided in the future. Certain parts of the Privacy Policy will only relate to some of the websites, the Apps or app categories.
                    The Privacy Policy should be read carefully to discover how we obtain, process, store and disclose your personal data. The policy also sets out your rights as a data subject.
Personal data
Purpose and Lawful Basis
Personal Data
Account Information (e.g. nickname, email and subscription status)
Processing Operation and Purpose
To provide Newsletters with exclusive content and inform you of offers, depending on whether you are a Subscriber or Non-subscriber.
To create an account, allowing you to back up content and for the Growth Bundle website to manage your subscription.
To provide access to Premium features if a subscription is purchased.
To notify you about material changes to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Lawful Basis
We require your consent*.
Necessary for the performance of a contract we have with you.
Necessary for the performance of a contract we have with you.
Necessary to comply with legal obligations.
*By ticking the box you consent to Newsletters from both Reflective Technologies and/or the Growth Bundle (a platform controlled by us).
To revoke your consent click 'Unsubscribe' at the bottom of one of our emails.
Personal Data
Photo
Processing Operation and Purpose
To allow you to upload a profile photo, creating a more personalised service.
Lawful Basis
We require your consent.
Personal Data
Moods, associated activities, feelings and additional photos, notes, text and voice notes detailing mental health, moods or related thoughts (the
"Mental
                                    Health Data"
)
Processing Operation and Purpose
To provide a mood journal that contains relevant content, stores entries, compiles data and presents statistics.
Lawful Basis
We require your explicit consent to process the health data. It constitutes a special category of personal data under the GDPR, which by default is prohibited save for certain exceptions including explicit consent. Explicit
                                consent is given by marking a tick in the requisite box at sign up or the update notice.
Personal Data
Fingerprint or facial data (the
"Biometric Data"
)
Processing Operation and Purpose
If enabled, your fingerprint or facial data will be used to confirm your identity for the sole purpose of protecting in-app data against unauthorised access. The Apps simply avail of the authentication system provided by your
                                mobile phone. You may have provided your Biometric Data upon setting up your mobile phone, we have no access to this.
When a user attempts to access the Apps, the authentication system will collect fresh Biometric Data to cross authenticate against the Biometric Data stored on your mobile phone. We do not store this fresh Biometric Data, it
                                is processed by your mobile phone operator for the sole purpose of authentication.
Lawful Basis
We require your explicit consent to process the Biometric Data. It constitutes a special category of personal data under the GDPR, which by default is prohibited save for certain exceptions including explicit consent. Explicit
                                consent is given by affirmatively clicking that you allow the App to process the data when prompted.
Personal Data
Data relating to exercise, mindfulness, sexual activity, sleep, physique, nutrition, heart rate, blood pressure and other data supported by Apple Health (the
"Apple Health Data"
)
Processing Operation and Purpose
To monitor your health more effectively by allowing us to write data.
To provide your health data in an easy to read graphical format, and to track your progress.
Lawful Basis
We require your explicit consent to process the Apple Health Data. It constitutes a special category of personal data under the GDPR, which by default is prohibited save for certain exceptions including explicit consent. Explicit
                                consent is given by affirmatively clicking that you allow us to
read
and
write
data when prompted.
Personal Data
Calendar data from the terminal device
Processing Operation and Purpose
To automatically integrate Calendar events.
Lawful Basis
We require either your consent, or explicit consent depending on the calendar event. If the event relates to a special category of personal data such as health or religious belief (i.e. medical appointments or church service)
                                explicit consent is required.
Explicit Consent is one of the limited exceptions to the prohibition of processing special category personal data under the GDPR.
Both consent and explicit consent, whichever is required, can be given by affirmatively clicking that you allow us to access the data when prompted.
Personal Data
Demographic group and general goals
Processing Operation and Purpose
To automatically generate App recommendations associated with the selected demographic or goal when a User signs up via the Growth Bundle website.
Lawful Basis
Processing is necessary for the mutual legitimate interest for Apps to be suggested to you.
Personal Data
Payment details
Processing Operation and Purpose
To allow purchases to be made through the Growth Bundle website using card payment.
Lawful Basis
Necessary for the performance of a contract we have with you.
Some of the Apps or websites may not process every category of personal data listed above. This will be clear if and when it applies (e.g. if not asked for your email address, it is not being processed).
Necessary for performance of contract
We process some of your personal data because it is necessary for the performance of a contract we have with you or it is necessary prior to entering into such a contract. If you do not wish to provide a nickname or email for example,
                    we cannot create your account and you will be unable to avail of certain features. It should be noted, however, that not every app will process this data.
Changes to Personal Data
It is important that the personal data we have in relation to you is current and accurate. If your personal data (e.g. email address) changes during our relationship please inform us promptly. If, for whatever reason, your personal data
                    is inaccurate or incomplete you have the right for this to be corrected or completed.
Unprompted Health Data
Although some of our Apps do not directly prompt or encourage you to input health data, you may wish to still provide such data. Often this data is not collected for storage or any other purposes, but instead, stored locally on your device
                    terminal. The same applies to our expenditure and budgeting apps, despite the fact health spending may exist as a default spending category.
Some of the Apps provide the option to back up your data with iCloud, for more information on how Apple processes your personal data see
Apple's Privacy Policy
. The
                    option to synchronise data across devices using
Google Drive
or
Dropbox
may also be provided, please refer
                    to their privacy policies.
Automatic Collection, Retention and Sharing
Device and Usage information automatically collected
In conjunction with our partners we automatically collect and log certain information stored on your terminal device (
"Device Data"
) including device type, operating system specification, network settings, unique device
                    identifier and IP address.
“Usage Data”
is collected and logged to discover how the Apps are used and which features are popular, it includes data relating to the time you are active, purchases and the features, buttons
                    or screens you interact with. This helps to inform and improve our direction and development. We rely on our legitimate interest of measuring and analysing app usage to further inform development and improve the overall user experience.
Our Analytics providers may by default use IP addresses to determine your general non-specific location. Among other things, this allows geographic sorting and protects us and our apps against misuse and nefarious activity.
Retention of Personal Data
We are committed to the principle of storage limitation and will retain your personal data for no longer than is necessary to fulfil our processing purposes. Following account deletion, revocation of consent or a written deletion request,
                    your personal data will be retained for no longer than 30 days, save for certain instances where legal obligations require longer retention periods.
We will also anonymise some personal data so it will no longer be associated with you. In this event we are entitled to retain and use the information freely.
Sharing with Third Parties
In order to provide you with our services, carry out our activities and to comply with legal obligations, we share your personal data with certain third parties such as:
cloud storage providers, to help us securely store and back-up your data. To be able to provide these services, the providers receive your Account Information; Photo (if provided); and the Mental Health Data. The providers we currently
                        use are located in the US.
analytics providers, who assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the App. To be able to provide these services, the providers receive Device Data and Usage Data. We currently use a provider located in the US.
newsletter and mailing providers, to enable us to generate and send newsletters to you if you have subscribed. To be able to provide this service, the providers receive your Account Information. The providers we use are located in
                        France and the US.
payment providers, who execute card payments for purchases made on the Growth Bundle website. To do this, the providers receive your payment details and Account Information. The provider we currently use is located in the US.
subscription infrastructure platforms, who facilitate the offering of in-app subscriptions. In doing so they receive your Account Information. The platform we are currently using is located in the US.
cookie consent management platforms, who assist us in managing and implementing your preferences when you visit our websites. The platforms receive automatically collected device information to provide this service. The platform we
                        are currently using is located in Denmark.
law enforcement authorities, government authorities, government bodies and the courts where they request it and disclosure is lawful. (e.g. prevention and detection of crime).
International Data Transfers
To provide storage and email newsletters we transfer your data to our partners outside the EU. We are committed to ensuring your personal data is protected when transferring to third countries without an adequate level of protection, namely
                    the U.S.
In light of the EU-US Privacy Shield being invalidated,
Standard Contractual Clauses
are now relied on. Reflective Technologies acknowledges
                    the comments in the Schrems II decision that additional safeguards may be needed to supplement such clauses. We are currently assessing our transfers and working with our partners to implement safeguards, along with the updated Standard
                    Contractual Clauses.
Security
We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect your personal data from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of or access to. These measures include encryption
                    and pseudonymisation. Access to your personal data is granted strictly on a need to know basis and we have carefully selected our service providers with security considerations in mind.
Your Rights
General Rights
You have several rights in relation to your personal data, these include the right to:
Access
a copy of the personal data we hold about you;
Correction
or completion of any inaccurate or incomplete personal data;
Erasure
(save for personal data necessary to comply with legal obligations or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims);
Obtain
a copy of your personal data in a portable format;
Restrict
the processing of your personal data, in the following instances:-
You are contesting the accuracy of your personal data and we need time to verify it.
Processing has been found unlawful, but you oppose erasure.
You require the personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, but we no longer need it for our processing purposes.
You have objected to processing based on our legitimate interests and a final decision is pending.
Withdraw
consent or explicit consent for specific processing;
Object
to the processing of personal data based on our legitimate interests on the grounds that they are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms;
Object
to the processing of personal data for direct marketing purposes.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us. We may request proof of identification to verify your request.
Complaint: Supervisory authority
If you think we have infringed your rights under data protection legislation, you have the right to lodge a complaint. When making your complaint, the relevant supervisory authority is the one in the country:
where you are
habitually resident
;
where you
work
; or
where the alleged
infringement took place
.
The right to lodge a complaint is without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy you may have. The contact information for the Danish Data Protection Agency is provided below.
Datatilsynet
Carl Jacobsens Vej 35
DK-2500 Valby
+45 33 19 32 00
dt@datatilsynet.dk
Age Requirements
You must be at least 13 years of age to use any of the Apps.
Cookies
We use cookies and other such tracking technologies (
"Cookies"
) to remember certain details when a
"User"
visits some of the websites owned or otherwise controlled by Reflective Technologies.
Cookies are small data files that transfer to the User's computer, phone, or other such device (
"Terminal Device"
) upon visiting some of the websites. Information is then obtained on the return visit. Cookies are stored locally on a Terminal Device for different periods, determined by their expiry date.
Session Cookies
are deleted once the browser is closed, while
Persistent Cookies
may remain on the Terminal Device until a given date.
Cookies can be categorised in two further ways: by the party that placed them
("Source")
; and what they are used for
("Function")
.
1. Source
1st Party Cookies
(placed by Reflective Technologies)
3rd Party Cookies
(placed by Third Party Vendors)
2. Function
Necessary Cookies
Preference Cookies
Statistics Cookies
Marketing Cookies
We require your consent to place Preference, Statistics and Marketing Cookies. When you visit some of our websites you will be asked for your cookie preferences by a Cookie Banner. These preferences can be changed at any time through the
                    Cookie Settings window, accessed by clicking the black circular button at the bottom left corner of your display. For further information on the specific cookies used on a website please see the relevant Cookie Banner or Cookie Settings
                    window.
Necessary Cookies
Necessary Cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
There is no option to use the site without Necessary Cookies and unlike the latter three categories, we do not need User consent. The Cookie Banner and Cookie Settings window will by default permanently enable these cookies.
Preference Cookies
Preference Cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Statistic Cookies
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Marketing Cookies
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display advertisements that are relevant and engaging for the individual User and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Disabling and Deleting Cookies
The current versions of Safari and Mozilla Firefox, by default, block third-party Cookies. For more information please refer to the following blog posts regarding
Safari
and
Mozilla Firefox
. If other Browsers, such as Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge are used, third-party Cookies
                    can be blocked manually through the Browser settings.
The option may also exist in the Browser settings to block all Cookies, including strictly necessary ones. However, the websites may not work as intended, or at all. Most Browsers will allow the User to delete all Cookies or to delete
                    them on an individual basis. The User should be aware that by doing so, their preferences for the websites may be lost. For instructions specific to a particular Browser, please refer to the online support pages provided by the Browser.
Contact
If you wish to get in contact with us please email
support@growthbundle.com
or write to us at
Balticagade 15B, 8000 Aarhus C, Denmark
.
Questions, comments and requests in relation to this privacy policy or the processing of your personal data should be addressed to our Data Protection Officer (
"DPO"
).
DPO email:
dpo@growthbundle.com
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We are constantly reviewing our Privacy Policy to ensure compliance with data protection legislation. Our apps are also constantly evolving and new features and services may change how we process your personal data. Any substantive or
                    material change to this Privacy Policy will be brought to your attention.
Last updated on November 11, 2023
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
5 total results
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification