Privacy Policy of the VETUS
MAPS project («Policy»)
(Version 21.10.2020)
Andrey Fetisov built the VETUS
MAPS app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by Andrey Fetisov at no
cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors
regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my
Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to
this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and
improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone
except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy
Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is
accessible at VETUS MAPS unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information about
user's location
- User's location info uses to
display user's current or last fixed location on a map in user's mobile or
tablet. VETUS MAPS gets this information from sensors in the user's mobile
device and stores it in the application only while it is running. With location
data, the user knows where he/she is and what track he/she has made.
- User's location info uses to
offer maps of user's immediate surroundings to him/her both in the app, so that
he/she doesn't have to be bothered by looking for them
Information
Collection and Use
For a better experience, while
using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable
information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and
is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party
services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of
third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Firebase Analytics
Facebook
Fabric
Crashlytics
Flurry Analytics
Log Data
I want to inform you that
whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data
and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data.
This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol
(“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the
app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service,
and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small
amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These
are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on
your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use
these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and
libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a
cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you
may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party
companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our
behalf;
To perform Service-related
services; or
To assist us in analyzing how
our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this
Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The
reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they
are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in
providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use
commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of
transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure
and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other
Sites
This Service may contain links
to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to
that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I
strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no
control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or
practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address
anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under
13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from
our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child
has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be
able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This
Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy
Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the
new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after
they are posted on this
page
.
Updates
Updates The Service or any
part thereof, any version of the Software installed on your mobile device may
be changed, updated, added to, limited or terminated, at any time, temporarily
or permanently, without notice, for any reason or no reason by its sole
discretion ("Updates"). You agree to bear the risks of and hold VETUS
MAPS harmless for any and all effects that the Updates may have on you and your
ability to use the Service, in whole or in part.
Apple
ToS
If you use the Service on an
Apple device, then you agree and acknowledge that:
- Apple, Inc. bears no duties
or obligations to you under the Terms, including, but not limited to, any
obligation to furnish you with Service maintenance and support;
- You will have no claims, and
you waive any and all rights and causes of action against Apple with respect to
the Service or the Terms, including, but not limited to claims related to
maintenance and support, intellectual property infringement, liability,
consumer protection, or regulatory or legal conformance;
- Apple and Apple’s
subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of the Terms. Upon your acceptance
of the Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted
the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third party beneficiary
thereof.
Purchases and
subscriptions
At the wish of the User VETUS
MAPS may provide the User with the paid Additional service such as paid in-app,
paid app with unlimited download maps and subscription to app with full version
of the mobile application VETUS MAPS (hereinafter the "Additional
service"). Additional service can be ordered in the settings of the mobile
application VETUS MAPS or bought in App Store. Purchases of apps and in-apps
are provided for indeterminate period of time without any warranties for
quality of the service. Any and all fees payable for the Additional service are
non-refundable.
Subscription plans can be
provided for a month or a year at the User's choice. You must comply with the
subscription plan details valid at the time of your subscription, unless
otherwise expressly notified, as well as with the rest of these Terms. The
Service during subscription is provided AS IS and without warranties. In case
of unsatisfactory quality results the subscription should be cancelled by end
user in App Store without any refunds for paid periods.
Refund of your purchases is by
rules of stores where these purchases were done:
Google Play
,
App
Store
.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or
suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at
vetusmapsapp@gmail.com.