Skip to main content
Music Theatre International
Main menu
Shows
Browse Shows
10-Minute Musicals
All Together Now!
Browse Collections
Broadway Junior
Concert Dance
Concert Selections
Future Releases
Resources
MTI Production Resources
Community Marketplace
MTI Classroom
Dramatic Moments
Help / FAQs
Help Center
Get Started
FAQs
Streaming FAQs
News
News
Email List Sign-Up
About Us
About MTI
Contact Us
MyMTI Accounts
MyMTI HOME
Apply for a License
Request a Perusal
Pay an Invoice
Region
MTI
MTI Europe
MTI Australasia
Search
Callboard
close
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy sets forth how MTI ENTERPRISES, INC., MUSIC THEATRE INTERNATIONAL LLC d/b/a MUSIC THEATRE INTERNATIONAL and MTI SHOWSPACE L.P. and their corporate affiliates  (collectively, referred to herein as "MTI," "Company" or "we" or "us" or "our") collects, uses and protects the information of users (referred to herein as "you" or "User") of this website, currently located at mtishows.com (and the subdomains thereof) or of any of our Web sites on which this policy is posted (including the mobile-optimized versions of those Web sites) and the various social networking platforms that we use (each, a "Site"). By using or accessing the Site, you are accepting and consenting to the practices and procedures described in this Policy as they may be amended from time to time.
Here are a few general principles to keep in mind as you read through this Policy:
We may share your personal information with third parties for their party marketing purposes.  You can elect for us not to do so by following the directions in the "Opt In/Opt Out" section below.
This Policy does not apply to any Site or areas of any Sites that are directed to kids under 13.
As our business evolves, this Policy may change, so check back to this page periodically to make sure you understand how your personal information will be treated
This Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to us, or that we may obtain, other than through our Site, such as over the phone, by mail, or in person, except that your rights to opt-out of our use and sharing of your personal information with third parties for their own marketing purposes applies also to the personal information that we collect offline.
If you are located outside of the United States, you should know that the information you provide to us is being transmitted to us and processed in the United States and will be protected subject to this privacy policy and United States laws, which may not be as protective as the laws in your country.  Also, this Site places cookies and local shared objects on your computer or device which are further described below.  By using the Site, you agree to this.
Advertisements displayed to you on this Site and elsewhere may be customized to your interests and preferences based on your personally identifiable information and Web site usage Information collected through our Site unless you opt out by following the instructions that can be found Network Advertising Initiative's ("NAI") Ad Network opt-out page at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
or the Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out page at
www.aboutads.info/choices.
You have to opt-out using each of your Web browsing applications separately. However, if you opt-out we may still suggest offerings to you on our Site based on your history at our Site.
What information is collected on this Site?
User-Provided Information
"Personal Information" is information that can be used to identify you as an individual or allow someone to contact you, as well as information attributed with such information.  We collect Personal Information such as your name; company name; school name; date of birth; postal addresses; e-mail addresses; telephone numbers; gender; unique identifiers, such as a user name or password; credit card and other payment information; purchase, site browsing and transaction history; fax numbers; wireless device addresses (including text message addresses); type and size of organization; and information about your proposed performances (such as audience size, dates and ticket prices). For example, we collect Personal Information when you: conduct transactions on the Site, including online licensing;  create a profile on the Site; sign up for e-mail/newsletters; enter sweepstakes and contests; complete surveys; contribute to a Community Marketplace or any chat room, bulletin board, list serve, blog, wiki or other social forum on the Site; form and/or join groups on the Site; participate in various activities on or through the Site; perform searches and/or transmit information and content through various channels on or through the Site; or submit a comment or question using a "contact us" or similar feature on the Site.
Precise Real Time Location Information
The Site collects precise information about the geographic location of your device.  If your device is equipped with GPS or can connect with wireless access points or hot spots, or if your device is also a phone that communicates with cell towers or satellites, then your device is able to use these features to determine its precise geographic location.  If you have consented using your device's user interface, the geographic location of your device will be transmitted to our servers in real time any time that the Site is running (even if you are not actively using the Site or it is minimized on your device).  Once you set your device to transmit its location information to us, your device will continue to transmit its location information to us (when the Site is running) until you set your device to no longer do so.
We use your location information to present you with user-localized maps for shows or Community Marketplace Items near you. We receive your location when you interact with the Site.
You may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your device's location information by accessing the Site's location settings on your device and setting your device not to share its location with us.
If you set your device to not transmit its location information to us, you will have to manually enter your location of interest when conducting searches for shows or Community Marketplace using the Site. Certain features may not function if you set your device to not transmit location information to us.
Site Usage Information
We collect the browser type and IP address of all Site visitors. We may also capture certain "clickstream data" pertaining to your Site usage.  Clickstream data includes, for example, the referring page that linked Users to the Site (e.g., another Web site or a search engine); the pages Users visit on this Site; the Web site Users visit after this Site; other information about the type of Web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings Users are using; any search terms Users have entered on this Site or a referral site; the pages, content or ads you see or click on during your visit and when and for how long you do so, items you download and other Web usage activity and data logged by our Web servers.  Among other things, this information enables us to generate analytics reports on the usage of our Site.  To opt-out of your Site usage being included in our Google analytics reports, you may follow the instructions at [
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout]
.
In addition, we may deploy various tracking technologies on the Site to collect additional information about your Site visits.  For example:
Cookies are small data files stored on your computer or device at the request of a Web site.  A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your Web browser, and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who was at our Site in the past, and relate your use of the Site to other information about you, such as your Site usage information and personal information.  Cookies may also be used to enhance your experience on the Site (for example, by storing your username so you can log in easily, keeping you logged into the Site after you have provided your password, and storing the contents of your shopping cart as you browse) or to collect general usage and aggregated statistical information and detect and prevent fraud.  Most browsers can be set to detect cookies and give you an opportunity to reject them, but refusing cookies may, in some cases, inhibit or preclude your use of the Site or its features.  To learn more about the use of cookies, including how to manage or delete them, go to [
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/]
.
HTML5 (the language some Web sites are coded in) may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Site usage activities.  This information can be retrieved by us to determine how our Site is being used by our visitors, how it can be improved, and to customize it for our users.
Cache cookies, such as eTags, may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited our Website or another web site in the past.
A pixel tag (also known as a "clear GIF" or "web beacon") is a tiny image – typically just one-pixel – that can be placed on a Web page or in our electronic communications to you in order to help us measure the effectiveness of our content by, for example, counting the number of individuals who visit us online or verifying whether you've opened one of our emails or seen one of our web pages.
These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers or partners on our behalf. These technologies enable us to assign a unique number to you, and relate your site usage information to other information about you, including your Personal Information.
By using the Site, you consent to our use of these tracking technologies as described above.
Information Obtained from Third Parties
We may supplement the information obtained from you with information that is received or otherwise obtained from third parties. For example, this information may be received or obtained from our partners in sponsored content sections or from other third parties. The type of information that is shared with us could include, for example, user contact information (like name and email address) and user demographic information (like zip code, age or income level), as well as other types of personal information and non-personally identifiable information. We will use such supplemental information received or obtained from third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Do Not Track Disclosures
Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" (DNT) signals to the websites with which the user communicates.  Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them.  Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, we currently do not change our tracking practices (which are explained in more detail directly above) in response to DNT settings in your web browser. If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.
Our third party partners, such as ad networks, web analytics companies and social media and networking platforms, collect information about your online activities over time and across our Site and other online properties. These third parties do not change their tracking practices in response to DNT settings in your web browser and we do not obligate these parties to honor DNT settings.  We utilize Google analytics for our web analytics and you can opt out from your data being used by Google Analytics by visiting
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. See the discussion above under "Third Party Ad Services and Providers"
regarding how to opt out of internet-based behavioral advertising.
How is your information used?
We may use personal information of our Users for various purposes, including, for example, to respond to User requests, to administer the Site and your account with us and to provide Users with our product and service offerings, including processing and fulfilling your transactions.  We may also use Users' personal information to maintain our internal record keeping.  We may match information collected from Users through different means or at different times, including both personal information and non-personally identifiable information, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources, including (without limitation) any of our other Web sites and third parties.  We also may use personal information provided by our Users, for the purpose of profiling the demographics of Site users and for developing new features and offerings on the Site. We may use Users' names and email addresses to send notifications regarding the Site, and otherwise correspond with Users, about products, services, companies, events, sponsored by us and others, that we think might interest our Users.  We also may send announcements, alerts regarding messages received from other Users, and service-related notifications.  If Users want to stop receiving promotional email messages from us, they may do so by following the directions in the ["Opt In/Opt Out"]
section below.  We may use your personal information enable you to use our Site and its features and to customize our Site to your interests and history with us. We may also use your personal information to protect our rights and property and recover debt and prevent fraud.  In addition, other uses of your information may be disclosed when personal information is submitted to us.
Non-personally identifiable information: We use non-personally identifiable information of and about our Users for various purposes.  For example, cookies may enable us to relate your use of the Web Site to other information about you, including your personal information.   Additionally, we use this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our servers, to analyze this information to increase the functionality and user-friendliness of the Site, to better tailor the Site to our Users' needs, and to otherwise operate and administer the Site. We may use this information to tailor ads displayed to you on our Site and elsewhere to your interests and history with us. Such information may also be used to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet Service Provider.  We may also link this non-personally identifiable information with personal information.
E-mail-A-Friend: Users may be able to send information about our products and/or Site to their friends and family members by using an "E-mail to Friend" or similar feature on the Site or in an e-mail that we have sent them.  In some of these cases (unless a User simply forwards our e-mail on his or her own), the User may provide the name and e-mail address of his or her friend or family member to us.  Such information will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law.
We or our service providers may also use your information to assess the level of interest in, and use of, the Site, our e-mails and our other messaging campaigns both on an individual basis and in the aggregate.
Do we share your information with third parties?
Yes.  We may share the information we collect on the Site with others for a variety of reasons.
Service Providers: We may provide information to third party service providers such as server hosts, data management companies, address list hosting companies, e-mail service providers, analytics companies, distribution companies, fulfillment companies and payment processors (collectively, "Service Providers") in order to facilitate the operation of the Site and its various services and features.  These service providers may be provided or granted access to Users' personal information in order to perform these services on our behalf.
Legally Required Disclosures: We may comply with judicial requests for Users' personal information, account information, and other information, and make other legally required disclosures. Additionally, we may share account or other information when we believe it is necessary to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Site, or to prevent imminent bodily harm. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents or government agencies.
Co-sponsors:  We may share your information with our co-sponsor(s) if we obtain your information in connection with a contest, sweepstakes, offering, or other promotional activity that is jointly offered by us and any third parties, unless you instruct us not to by following the instructions in ["Opt In/Opt Out"
Aggregate Information: Aggregate demographic and other information of and about Users may be published or shared with third parties such as advertisers. In addition, we may share non-personally identifiable Site Usage Information (including aggregate data) with others, for their own use, in a form that does not include your name or contact information.
Third Party Marketers:  We may provide our Users with an opportunity to receive offers from third parties who have services, products and offers that we think might be of interest to them, and we will do so by sharing the User's information with such third parties.  You can elect for us not to do so by following the directions in the ["Opt In/Opt Out"]
Public Forums: When you use the Site, certain information you post or share with third parties (e.g., a friend or someone in your network), such as personal information, other profile information, comments, messages, photos, videos or other content or information, may be shared with other Users of the Site. All such sharing of information and content is done at your own risk. Please keep in mind that if you disclose personal information in your profile or when posting comments, messages, photos, videos or other items, this information may become publicly available.  It is important for Users to understand that Users post User Content (as defined in the Site Terms of Use) and information on the Site at their own risk.  We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you may choose to share your pages and information.
Credit bureaus: We may provide your information to credit bureaus in connection with late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account.
Corporate Change of Control: In the event we, or a significant portion of our assets, are acquired by or transferred to one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation or liquidation, personal information and other User information may be one of the transferred assets.
Opt In/Opt Out
You may have the right to "opt in" and/or "opt out" of certain of our uses of your personal information.  For example, at the time you are requested to provide personal information on this Site or in connection with our communications, you may have the opportunity to elect to, or not to receive correspondence from us.  You may opt out of our promotional e-mails by clicking on an opt-out or "unsubscribe" link within the promotional e-mail you receive.  Please understand that if you opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your relationship, activities, transactions and communications with us.  Please also note that if you opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from us at your email address, we still may send messages to you (including promotional messages) through the Site's messaging system.
If you want us not to share (or stop sharing) your personally identifiable information with third parties for their direct marketing use, please send us an email at:
websupport@mtishows.com
.  If you do request to have us stop sharing your personally information with other entities for their direct marketing purposes, please note that we will not be responsible for any communications that you may receive from entities that received your personally identifiable information prior to the date of your request.  In these cases, please contact that entity directly.
Social Networking
We maintain presence on several social networking and blogging platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Youtube and Flickr, and we also incorporate some third party social networking features onto our Site.  Through these platforms and features, we receive some personal information and some Site Usage Information about you, and this Privacy Policy applies to that information as well.  In addition, third party social networking platforms and blogging platforms have their own privacy policies which explain how the third parties that provide them will use and protect your information.
Our Site may include features and functionalities that allow you to share information with us that you have already provided to a third party social networking platform.  For example, you may be able to create an account on our Site or log-in to our Site using your Facebook account or other third party credentials.  If you do so, then personal information or other data that you have provided to that third party will be made available to us, pursuant to the third party's terms and conditions, and you consent to our use of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  The information we receive from that third party may depend on the privacy settings you have on the third party site
We may include tools on our Site that allow you to share and/or publicly post content or information from our Site to your profile on a third party social network.  Third party social networking platforms and blogging platforms have their own privacy policies which explain how they will use, protect and share your information, including any information you share on those platforms from our Site, and we encourage you to read them.
Third-Party Ad Servers and Networks
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Site or to serve our ads on third-party Web sites.  These companies may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites, the region of the country or world where your IP address indicates you are located, as well as other information about you in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.  These advertisements may appear on this Site and on other Web sites.  These companies may employ cookies, clear GIFs and other tracking technologies to cause relevant ads to be displayed to you.  We encourage you to read these businesses' privacy policies to learn about how they treat your information.
For more information about third-party advertisers and how to prevent them from using your information, visit the NAI's consumer Web site at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
or Aboutads.info at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
.
Links to Third-Party Sites
The Site may contain links, banners, widgets or advertisements that lead to other Web sites. When you link to such sites, you become subject to their terms of use and privacy policies posted thereon and/or applicable thereto.  We are not responsible in any way for the privacy practices of other web sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information provided to or collected on any other website. You should review these sites' privacy policies regarding any personal information and other information that they may collect about you at their sites.
Security
While we will endeavor to protect the security and integrity of any sensitive personal information that may be provided to this Site, due to the inherent nature of the Internet as an open global communications vehicle, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers.
If you contact us by e-mail, via a messaging feature, or by a "contact us" or similar feature on the Site, you should be aware that your transmission might not be secure.  A third party could view information you send by these methods in transit.  We will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after transmission.
If you create an account on our Site, you are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password, and you shall be responsible for any activity that occurs using your account credentials, whether or not you authorized such activity.  Please notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security.
If we believe that the security of any user's personal information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify such user of that development.  If a notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail.  You consent to our use of e-mail as the means of such notification.  However, if you do not want to be notified by email for this purpose, please contact us at
websupport@mtishows.com
.
Accessing, Changing or Removing Information
You may review, update or modify certain of the information that is stored in your user account on the Site (if you have one) by logging in to the "My Account" or similar area of the Site or by contacting us using the "Contact Us" information below. Users who wish to deactivate their Site account should contact a Site administrator using the contact information at the end of this Privacy Policy.
We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies, or delete any information.  Your right to delete your information is subject to our records retention policies.
Children
The Site is intended solely for users who are thirteen (13) years of age or older. We do not knowingly collect personal information from Users under 13 without prior parental consent.  If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide personal information of any kind whatsoever.  If we learn that we have received personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will take steps to delete such information or to obtain verifiable parental consent.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and such changes will be effective immediately upon posting.  We will notify you of material changes to this Privacy Policy by other means, including, for example, by posting the revised policy with the date it was revised on this page or by email. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the personal information we collect.
Consent to Processing
By using the Site, you are consenting to have your personal information collected, maintained, transferred and processed in and to the United States and other countries and territories.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about the Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
websupport@mtishows.com
California Consumer Privacy Act Statement (“CCPA Statement”)
This CCPA Privacy Statement is provided pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and applies to California residents and supplements our overall Privacy Policy with additional disclosures and rights.
As of January 1, 2020, the CCPA permits residents of California to request certain details about how their personal information is shared with third-parties or affiliated companies for direct marketing purposes.  The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights of disclosure, deletion of information and opting out of the sale of your information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Consumer Rights Under the CCPA
If you are a California resident, you may request that MTI:
Disclose the sources, categories, and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you over the prior 12 months, how that information is used including the purpose, and with whom MTI shares it.
Delete your personal information. However, please note that there are some reasons we will not be able to fully address your deletion request, such as if we need to complete a transaction for you, to detect and protect against fraudulent and illegal activity, to exercise our rights, or to comply with a legal obligation.
Opt out of sales of your personal information (if any).  This means that, if you opt out, going forward, we will not share your information with such third-parties to use for their purposes unless you later direct us to do so.   As described below, MTI does not sell your data.
Provide a copy of your personal information in a readily usable format that allows the information to be transmitted to others.
California residents may not be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights described above.
Our Policy on Selling Data
MTI does not sell your data – we are not data brokers and don’t distribute your data on the open market.  If you wish to take advantage of your disclosure and deletion rights, please contact us through one of the means set forth below. Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. We may need to verify your identity to enable us to process your request. We will respond to your request within 45 days of receipt of your request, after proper verification, unless we need additional time, in which case we will let you know.
With whom does MTI share California consumer data?
MTI does not share consumer data directly with any third parties except MTI vendors, consultants, marketing partners, research firms, and other service providers or business partners for MTI’s business purposes. These third-parties include:
Cloud storage providers
Consultants, lawyers, accountants, and other professional service providers
Data analytics providers
Law enforcement and government entities
Marketing partners and marketing platform providers, including social media advertising services
Payment processors and facilitators
Research partners, including those performing surveys or research projects in partnership with MTI or on MTI’s behalf
Vendors that assist MTI in enhancing the safety and security of its resources and apps
We cover collection and many other aspects of using consumer data in our Privacy Policy
(above)
.
Exercising Access, Deletion, and Do Not Sell Rights
If you are a California resident, the CCPA permits you to request access and request to delete personal information and categories of personal information about you. To exercise the access, deletion rights, and do not sell rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by writing to MTI at:
By mail:
Music Theatre International
423 W. 55th St.
New York, NY 10019
Attn.: Legal Dept.
By email:
websupport@mtishows.com
By phone:
To submit a request by phone, you may also call:
1-888-MTI-0020
.   (That’s 888-684-0020].
Please note that requesting deletion of your personal information does not ensure complete or comprehensive deletion as there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or permit us to delete the information, as described above.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
The section above entitled
With whom does MTI share California consumer data
? discloses how we share your personal information with service providers, affiliates, law enforcement authorities, and as needed with third parties to provide our services.
Sales of Personal Information
In the past 12 months, MTI has worked with a vendor of MTI products and services to serve the vendor’s ads on Facebook.  In addition, as described in our privacy policy, MTI works with third-party websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms), such as Google AdSense (more info
here)
and Facebook Audience Network (more info
here
). These third parties may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you.
EU and UK Customers:
This site (mtishows.com) is operated by MTI Enterprises Inc., which is headquartered in New York, NY  in the United States (“MTINY”) and is intended primarily for use outside the EU and UK. With the exception of the global event “All Together Now”, all licensing and other activity by customers in the United Kingdom and the European Union should be conducted through our partner office Music Theatre International (Europe) at mtishows.co.uk. MTINY does license the performance rights for “All Together Now” through this site globally, and as such, we will collect and share with our partners information about you necessary to execute that performance license (“ATN! License”) and deliver required rehearsal and performance materials if you choose to enter into the ATN! Licensethis license agreement. By visiting any MTI website or sharing any information with us, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
Security & Privacy
We take your privacy very seriously and will only use your information in the ways that you want us to. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect on this website, how and when it is collected, what we use it for now and how we will use it in the future. If you have any questions about the way in which we collect or use your information which are not answered by this Privacy Statement, please contact us by clicking here {Link: Contact-us Page}
MTI uses industry standard SSL encryption for all your data held in our online systems and when sharing with our contractors and partners.
What information do we collect and how will we use it?
When you apply for a license, we collect the information we need to allow us to process your transaction or respond to your inquiry. If we are communicating with you for the purpose of licensing the performance of a musical (including All Together Now!), this information includes your personal contact details (name, address, telephone number, email address), IP address of the computer making the order/enquiry and non-personal details of your order (the name of the show, performance dates, performance venue(s), ticket prices, material and resource requirements). We will use this information to evaluate your application or process your transaction and deliver your license and required materials.
In order to process your application, request for resources and/or to deliver your materials to you, we may be required to pass your information to some of our service providers. Your name, address, contact telephone number and email address may be passed on to our courier company (we use FedEx and UPS) who may contact you by phone or text message in order to update you on the delivery date or time of your order. Your name, email address and telephone number, along with details surrounding a licensed performance, may also be passed to other MTI companies to assist in the delivery of requested resources. Some of this information will be viewable by MTI contractors (Eureka Software Solutions, Inc, Zoe Graye Consulting, Inc., Funk Studios ) and shared with our partners ( Broadway Media Distribution, Inc., Subplot Studio, LLC ) to process and make available to you the digital materials that are included with your license. We will only provide these companies with the information they need to carry out the delivery of your materialsgoods. They are only allowed to use your information in the way in which we tell them, and they are not entitled to use it in their own right.
For the global event All Together Now!, all performance rights and included materials are provided free of charge and will be delivered digitally, and MTI and our partners do not collect any credit card or other payment information for these rights or included materials. If you choose to have your performance details (Organization name, performance venue name venue address, performance dates, performance or ticketing URL and phone number) made public to be included on a “what’s on”/upcoming performances list and/or map, we will share that information with other MTI companies and media partners including, but not limited to Broadway World and Playbill.
If you license and produce All Together Now!, at the conclusion of your production you will be asked to complete a survey requesting the following, among other things, the following information: the number of performances presented; the number of tickets sold and number of attendees; funds raised (including donations); age range of cast; merchandise sales, streaming and sponsorships; final list of Songs used in your production.  All survey data provided to MTI will be subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
How long with the data be held?
For the global event All Together Now!, we retain your personal data for no more than 1 (one) year after the completion of a contract. For the avoidance of doubt, a contract is deemed completed when all performances outlined on the contract have taken place and all invoices relating to said contract have been paid in full. If your have previously licensed All Together Now! but cancelled your production, you may request to have your information deleted within 60 (sixty) days by contacting us here:
https://www.mtishows.com/help-faq
Marketing and Bulk Mail
We will only send you email marketing messages if you choose to receive them from us. If you choose to receive marketing communications from us, we will only send you details about items and promotions which we think are of interest to you (including newly released shows, information regarding licensing procedures and other activity relating to musical theatre news). We use MailChimp as our marketing automation platform. By choosing to receive our marketing emails, you acknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms.
If you decide that you no longer want to receive emails from us, you can unsubscribe at any time by either clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ link in the promotional email or by contacting us by clicking here {Link: ATN Contact-us Page}. We will never sell your details to a third party for marketing purposes.
Requesting changes/restrictions to our use of your data
You are entitled to request:
a copy of the data we hold about you
that the data we hold about you is deleted
Any request outlined above must be made in writing, with a valid form of identification to:
Music Theatre International
423 W 55th Street, Floor 2
Attn: Data Privacy Department
New York, NY 10019
USA
We will respond to requests we receive within one month.
You are also entitled to request that we cease processing your data if you object to the accuracy of the data we hold or question the purpose for which we require it. We will immediately do so until a further investigation has been carried out.
On occasion, we may ask for feedback from you about the usage or services our website provides to help us develop and improve it further. For quality control and training purposes, we may monitor or record your communications with us.
Cookies
In order to improve your experience when using our website, we use cookies. A cookie is a piece of information our website will place on your computer's hard drive that can track your movements while you are on the website. It will also recognize you when you visit our website again.
Cookies are stored in order for us to continually improve our website and to help us make the process of applying for a license and ordering resource material easier and better. They are mainly used for technical purposes, but they are also for marketing and website traffic analytics purposes. If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. Information on deleting or controlling cookies is available at
www.AboutCookies.org
. However, please note that if you disable the use of cookies on your computer, you may not be able to apply for licenses or shop on our website.
This Privacy Statement may change and therefore you should review it regularly. We will of course notify you of any changes where we are required to do so.
Feel free to contact us if you have more questions.
You can email us at
websupport@mtishows.com
or write to us at:
Music Theatre International
423 W. 55th St.
New York, NY 10019
Attn.: Legal Dept.
We may update this Policy.
From time to time, we may change our privacy policies. We will notify you of any material changes to our Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates.
Last Updated: June 28, 2021
Callboard
JR
Full
(active tab)
Disney's Finding Nemo JR.
Explore the big blue world with this lively new stage musical based on the beloved Pixar film!
Roald Dahl's Matilda The Musical JR.
The children are rising up. Join the revolt in this Broadway Junior adaptation of the Tony Award-winning hit!
Disney's Frozen JR.
Disney’s worldwide phenomenon is taking Broadway Junior by (snow)storm!
Disney's Aladdin JR.
Discover "A Whole New World" with this magically updated version of the Academy Award-winning Disney classic!
Annie JR.
The irrepressible comic strip heroine takes center stage in one of the world's best-loved, award-winning musicals.
Disney's Beauty And The Beast JR.
The Award-winning animated film and stage play comes to life in this romantic and beloved take on the classic fairytale.
Shrek The Musical JR.
Everyone's favorite ogre is back in this hilarious stage spectacle, based on the Oscar-winning smash hit film and outrageous Broadway musical.
Disney's Dare to Dream JR.
Celebrate 100 years of Disney music with this breathtaking musical revue!
Between the Lines JR.
You have the power to change your story.
Disney's Newsies JR.
Seize the Day with Disney’s rousing musical that has thrilled and inspired young people for generations.
Mean Girls High School Version
A fetch opportunity for high schools and youth theatre groups to license this queen bee!
Roald Dahl's Matilda The Musical
The story of an extraordinary girl who dares to take a stand and change her own destiny.
Disney's Descendants: The Musical
You'll be #RottenToTheCore with Descendants the Musical!
Disney's The Little Mermaid
In a magical kingdom beneath the sea, the beautiful young mermaid, Ariel, longs to leave her ocean home to live in the world above.
Into the Woods
The Brothers Grimm hit the stage with an epic fairytale about wishes, family and the choices we make.
Mamma Mia!
Over 60 million people worldwide have fallen in love with the characters, the story and the music that make Mamma Mia! the ultimate feel-good show!
Beetlejuice
It’s showtime, folks!
Disney's Beauty and the Beast
The enchantment never ends in this romantic and beloved take on the classic fairytale.
Little Shop of Horrors
Feed the need for musical hilarity with this delicious sci-fi smash about a man-eating plant.
Mean Girls
This fiercely fetch queen bee of Broadway will have you wearing pink...but only on Wednesdays.
All Together Now!
All Together Now!: A Benefit Event for Disaster Relief
The musical revue fundraiser is back for an encore!
Read More
New Release
Now Available: Between The Lines JR.
License this empowering and enchanting 60-minute musical.
Read More
New Release
Fall in Love with Darling Grenadine
A new romance available for licensing.
Read More
New Acquisition
The Notebook Begins a New Chapter at MTI
MTI welcomes the musical that swept Broadway off its feet.
Read More
New Acquisition
Suffs Keeps Marching with MTI
Music Theatre International acquires Suffs, the Tony-winning true story of the women who fought tirelessly for the right to vote.
Read More
By Clicking ‘OK, I Agree,’ you consent to our use of cookies to enhance your user experience and agree to our
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Policy
.
OK, I AGREE