Privacy Policy
Here at Transcribe we take personal privacy very seriously. As a general rule Transcribe mobile app does not collect your personal information unless you chose to provide that information to us. When you choose to provide us with your personal information, you are giving Transcribe your permission to use that information for the stated purposes listed in this privacy policy. If you choose not to provide us with that information, it might limit the features and services that you can use in the mobile app.
Generally, the information requested by Transcribe will be used to provide a mobile app feature or service to you, such as a text transcription of your audio file, support request, or providing future improvements of the app tailored to your interests. For example, active usage of the Transcribe app on video content could lead to our decision to audit and improve user experience when transcribing a video file. A description of Transcribe’sintended use of that information, how that information is collected, security measures Transcribe takes to protect that information, and how to grant or revoke consent for collection and use of that information will be fully described the ‘Privacy Notice’ section of this privacy policy.
Privacy Notice
Audio Content
The core feature of the Transcribe app is to provide a text transcription for any given audio file. Speech to text conversion requires significant processing power and cannot be done with appropriate accuracy on a mobile device. In order to get a transcription the mobile app sends audio file to a Transcribe server where the actual transcription process takes place. We use audio content only to conduct a machine-based transcription. The process is fully automated, no humans are involved into it.
Audio content is stored for limited time only during the transcription process and up to a week after that.
As result of an audio transcription Transcribe could store your texts. At any moment of time you could immediately remove all your transcripts from the app and our servers by clicking the “Delete all private data” in the Settings menu of the app.
Login Account
In order to preserve transcribed content among several devices you could login with a Social Media account (Google, Facebook). The service is fully functional without login and at no point of time requires to do that. The sole purpose of storing your login account association is to provide you the access to previously transcribed document on a new device.
Email
Some of the services in the app allow you to send us an email. We will use the information you provide, such as email address, only to respond to your inquiry and follow up on the Transcribe product related issues. Keep in mind that email transmissions are not encrypted by default, so we suggest you do not send sensitive information such as Social Security numbers, credit card numbers, or bank account information.
Analytics
Transcribe mobile app uses third-party Firebase platform, MixPanel analytics and Firebase crash reporting to gather mobile app usage data and technical problems information.
Transcribe collects and temporarily stores certain information about your visit to help us to better align our mobile app design with your needs. The information Transcribe app and these third-party services collect includes:
Your phone’s IP address
The date and time you accessed the mobile app
The operating system of your device
The mobile app screen name
The technical failure log (if any)
The information collected is anonymized and not geared towards user identification.
We may share this information internally with Transcribe employees as needed. This information is only used to to improve the product and enhance our users’ experience.
Raw data logs are only retained temporarily for the app management purposes.
Security
Transcribe takes the security of your personal information very seriously. We take precautions to ensure that the information we collect is secure and inaccessible by anyone outside of our organization. These precautions include advanced access controls to limit access to that information to only internal personnel who require access to that information. We also use numerous security technologies to protect all data stored on our servers and related systems. Our security measures are regularly upgraded and tested to ensure they are effective.
Transcribe will not retain your personal information longer than necessary. We will hold onto the information you provide either while your account is in existence, or as needed to be able to provide the Services to you, or (in the case of any contact you may have with our Customer Care team) for as long as is necessary to provide support-related reporting and trend analysis only.
We take the following specific steps to protect your information:
Use internal access controls so only limited personnel have access to your information.
Anyone with access to user information is trained on all relevant security and compliance policies.
Servers that store visitor information are regularly backed up to protect against loss.
All information is secured through modern security technologies like secure socket layer (SSL), encryption, firewalls, and secure passwords.
All access safeguards described above are in place to prevent unauthorized access by outsiders to information stored on or transmitted by our systems.
Choice, Access, and Redress
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given below:
Ask for a list of personal information we have about you, if any.
Request a change, correction, or deletion of your personal information.
Request that we avoid collecting anything in the future (opt-out).
If you believe at any point that we are not following this privacy policy as stated, please contact us immediately via email (
support@transcribe.com
), or via telephone (
+39-366-3030510
).
Please note, we are constantly reviewing how we process and protect data. Therefore, changes to our policy may occur at any time. We will endeavour to publicise any changes.
Transcribe Details
Transcribe was developed and managed by Routes Software SRL with headquarters in:
Via Cavour, 2
Lomazzo (CO), 22074
Italy
A relevant person responsible for the privacy could be reached via email
support@transcribe.com
By using this website you agree to our Terms of services and use of cookies
OK