About us
Banking
Features
Airtime
Health Insurance
Become an Affiliate
Send Money
Personal Signup/Login
Corporate Signup/Login
DATA PROTECTION POLICY
1. What is this Privacy Notice for?
Tranzfar Group Ltd (“The Company”, “We”) values your Personal Data and we are committed to protecting your privacy whenever you interact with us. Please read this Privacy Notice (Notice) to understand our policies, processes and procedures regarding the processing of your personal data.
By this Notice, we explain to you how your Personal Data is collected, used, managed and transferred by Tranzfar Group Ltd and also explains how you can update your Personal Data with us and exercise your rights in respect of the Personal Data provided to us.
2. The Personal Data that We Collect
We collect Personal Data that you give to us, for example, where you create an account with us, request for further information about our product, fill a form, or you subscribe to newsletters on our website.
We may also automatically collect some technical information when you visit our website such as your IP address, and information about your visit, such as the pages that you viewed. This information helps us understand customer interests and helps us improve our website. When you visit our site, the pages that you look at, and a short text file called a cookie, are downloaded to your computer. By visiting and using our website, you agree to our use of cookies in line with Tranzfar Group Ltd policies.
3. What Purpose do we use your Personal Data?
We may process your Personal Data to communicate with you (including sending marketing or promotional materials to you), provide you with further information about our products and how we can serve you better, respond to your purchase orders or requests, with Tranzfar Group Ltd or to fulfil our contractual obligations with you. We may also process your Personal Data to comply with provisions of applicable laws and to prevent money laundering and terrorist financing.
4. What Constitutes your Consent?
Where processing of Personal Data is based on consent, we shall obtain the requisite consent at the time of collection of the Personal Data. In this regard, you consent to the processing of your Personal Data when you access our platforms, or use our services, content, features, technologies or functions offered on our website or other digital platforms. You can withdraw your consent at any time but such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent given before its withdrawal.
5. Who do we share your Personal Data with?
We respect your privacy and we limit disclosure of your Personal Data to third parties. We do not sell, give or trade any Personal Data that We obtain from you to any third party for data-mining or marketing purposes. However, we may share your Personal Data with companies within the Tranzfar Group, service providers engaged by us to provide services to Tranzfar Group subject to appropriate data security and protection. We may also share your information where there is a regulatory or statutory obligation to disclose such Personal Data in accordance with provisions of applicable laws.
6. Security and Retention of your Personal Data
Your Personal Data is kept private and We make every effort to keep your Personal Data secure, including restricting access to your Personal Data with us on a need-to-know basis. We require our staff and any third parties who carry out any work on our behalf to comply with appropriate security standards to protect your Personal Data. We take appropriate measures to ensure that your Personal Data is only processed for the minimum period necessary in line with the purposes set out in this Notice or as required by applicable laws, until a time it is no longer required or has no use. Once your Personal Data is no longer required, we destroy it in a safe and secure manner.
7. Your Rights
Tranzfar Group Ltd collects Personal Data only for the purposes identified in this Policy and such information cannot be reused for another purpose that is incompatible with the original purpose.
You can exercise the following rights with respect to your Personal Data with Tranzfar Group Ltd:
1.	request for and access your Personal Data collected and stored by Tranzfar Group Ltd;
2.	withdraw consent at any time. For example, you can withdraw your consent to receipt of our marketing or promotional materials or unsubscribe to our newsletters;
3.	object to automated decision making;
4.	request rectification and modification of Personal Data kept by Tranzfar Group Ltd
5.	request for deletion of your Personal Data;
6.	be informed of and entitled to provide consent prior to the processing of Personal Data for purposes other than that for which the Personal Data were collected;
7.	request that Tranzfar Group Ltd restricts processing of your Personal Data; and
8.	request for information regarding any specific processing of your personal data.
8. Changes to our Privacy Notice
Due to constant changes in technology and regulatory requirements, we may need to change our privacy policies or update this Notice from time to time. You will always be able to find the most recent version of our updated privacy policy on this site.
9 Contact & Communication
If you would like further information on this Notice, or to contact our Data Protection Officers, you may contact us at Tranzfar Group Ltd, 37th Floor, 1 Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London, United Kingdom E14 5AA or at complaince@tranzfar.com.