Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Joyo Puzzle Games has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how Joyo Puzzle Games collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Joyo Puzzle Games’s Services.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to advertising ID. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
Non-personal data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data Joyo Puzzle Games may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties, including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your checkin (include like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all Joyo Puzzle Games users.
Joyo Puzzle Games may use and disclose to Joyo Puzzle Games’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other Joyo Puzzle Games services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by Joyo Puzzle Games may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Personal information collected by Joyo Puzzle Games is information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your account
information. The information includes your facebook id, name, gender, location and your friends’id on facebook. Joyo Puzzle Games also stores your game checkins, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages.
Joyo Puzzle Games may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other Joyo Puzzle Gamesservices and products. Joyo Puzzle Games may combine non-personal data with personal data.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, Joyo Puzzle Games may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Joyo Puzzle Games . This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. Joyo Puzzle Games may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by Joyo Puzzle Games and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
Joyo Puzzle Games collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, Joyo Puzzle Games may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Joyo Puzzle Games may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or Joyo Puzzle Games to legal liability. Joyo Puzzle Games may also disclose your personal data to third parties when Joyo Puzzle Games has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with Joyo Puzzle Games’s rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or Joyo Puzzle Games believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect Joyo Puzzle Games’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Joyo Puzzle Games . To the extent permitted by applicable law, Joyo Puzzle Games will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through Joyo Puzzle Games’s website or in another reasonable manner.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Umeng
Security
Joyo Puzzle Games follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in Joyo Puzzle Games’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in Joyo Puzzle Games’s possession. Personal data collected by Joyo Puzzle Games is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data, Joyo Puzzle Games maintains personal data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite Joyo Puzzle Games’s reasonable efforts, there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume this risk.
Other
Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services Joyo Puzzle Games may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. Joyo Puzzle Games is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.
Joyo Puzzle Games may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. Joyo Puzzle Games may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of Joyo Puzzle Games’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
fishquest2015@gmail.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it