Data Privacy Statement
UnionBank Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
Weblinking Practices
Safe Surfing Guidelines
Data Privacy Statement
Data Privacy Statement
Union Bank of the Philippines (“UnionBank”) respects and values your privacy and the secrecy of your
    account information with us. This Data Privacy Statement (“DPS”) informs you, the Data Subject, the
    personal data we collect about you, how we collect, use, store, process, share, protect, and delete your personal
    data with us, and who we will share them with. We adhere to the data privacy principles of (1) legitimate purpose;
    (2) transparency; and (3) proportionality.
This DPS applies to our Data Subjects whether as: (1) current, past, and prospective customers as individuals or
    corporations; or (2) non-clients – payees or payors or bank products and services we provide; visitors or
    inquirers at our branches and online channels; ultimate beneficial owners, directors, or representatives of
    corporate clients; and such other persons involved in the application of financial services whether approved or
    rejected – and transactions with us or with our consumers.
This DPS shall be read in conjunction with your products and services terms and conditions. Your continued use of
    UnionBank’s products and services shall be considered a positive action on your part demonstrating your
    consent to this DPS and any revisions hereto.
COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL AND SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information refers to any information that identifies or is linkable to a natural person. On the other hand,
    Sensitive Personal Information is any attribute that can distinguish, qualify, or classify a natural person from the
    others such as data relating to your ethnicity, age, gender, health, religious or political beliefs, genetic, or
    biometric data. (Collectively, “Personal Data”)
We collect your Personal Data when you register, signup, or use our bank products and services, or communicate with
    us about them. We also collect through your authorized organization, whether private corporation or government
    instrumentality. We may also obtain your Personal Data from other sources (i.e. publicly available platforms,
    financial institutions, credit agencies, payment gateways processors, public authorities, and other registers), when
    allowed by laws and regulations, for purposes of identity verification and regulatory requirements by the Bangko
    Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP).
The Personal Data we collect and the manner we process them may differ depending on the type of transaction or
    engagement you have with us. We collect your Personal Data to confirm your identity and provide you with financial
    and other relevant products and services. We use the Personal Data we collect to personalize our products and
    services to fit your needs, to aid us in our research to provide better products and services, to manage risk and
    prevent fraudulent transactions, and to communicate with you to provide updates.
KINDS OF DATA WE COLLECT AND PROCESS
The foregoing data shall be collectively referred to as “Customer Data.”
Know-Your-Customer (KYC) / Identification Data
: refers to Personal and Sensitive Personal
        Information we collect when you sign up or register to our products and services, such as full legal name,
        gender, date of birth, nationality, civil status, permanent address, present address, tax identification number
        and government-issued identification numbers, email address, mobile number, home number, office contact details,
        company name, job position or rank, office address, source of funds, gross annual income, and such other
        information necessary to conduct due diligence and comply with BSP rules and regulations.
Biometric Data
: subject to limitations imposed by law, this refers to data processed for
        customer verification using: (1) facial recognition technology; (2) liveness detection mechanisms; (3)
        fingerprint recognition applications; and (4) specimen signatures.
Transactional Data
: linkable information to your Personal Data such as (1) bank account number,
        deposits, withdrawals, such other transfers made to or from your account, and details about them such as
        reference number and place, manner, and time these were made; (2) information and records of correspondence when
        you contact us through our official channels such as branches, contact centers, and web and mobile platforms;
        (3) card account numbers as well as purchases or transactions using your card; and (4) other forms of customer
        account number, payments, and transactions you have with us.
Financial Data
: information about the value of your property and assets, your credit history
        and capacity; and other financial products and services you have with us. This also refers to credit and
        behavioral scoring using mobile usage data from telecommunications companies for credit evaluation.
Behavioral Data
: this refers to your online behavior, customer segment, usage of our products
        and services, the internet protocol addresses of your devices used to access our applications, interests and
        needs you share with us, and customer behavior we collect as part of due diligence, to prevent fraudulent
        conduct, and comply with banking rules on anti-money laundering, terrorism financing, and tax fraud.
Audio Visual Data
: for security and improvement of our services, we process audio and video
        recordings of your interactions with us, such as but not limited to voice recordings when you communicate with
        representatives of the Bank through official Bank communication channels and surveillance videos at branches and
        automated teller machines (ATM), subject to limitations imposed by law.
Sensitive Personal Information
: we may require the following Sensitive Personal Information:
        (1) your religion when you apply for insurance products with us; (2) for customer verification, your
        government-issued identification numbers or cards such as passport or driver’s license ID; or (3) any
        information that is necessary, incidental to contractual agreement, or in connection with a requested product or
        service.
Minor’s, Incompetent’s, and Person under Guardianship’s Data
: we may collect
        information about minors (those below 18 years of age), incompetents, and persons under guardianship if they
        have opened an account with us with parental consent or pursuant to legally-instituted guardianship proceedings
        or if you provide us with the same in relation to a product or service you signed up with us (i.e. when you
        register minors, incompetents, and those under guardianship as beneficiaries to an insurance product or trust
        service with us).
Relevant Individuals
: upon your authorization, we may collect information about your family
        members, beneficiaries, attorneys, attorneys-in-fact, shareholders, beneficial owners whenever applicable,
        persons under any trust, trustees, partners, committee members, directors, officers or authorized signatories,
        guarantors, and other security and other individuals.
DATA PROCESSING
Processing means any activity pertaining to the collection, recording, organization, storage, updating or
    modification, retrieval, consultation, use, consolidation, blocking, erasure, or destruction of Customer Data.
We process Customer Data only for legitimate purposes and with lawful basis such as your consent to be bound by this
    DPS upon application and submission of the signed terms and conditions and application forms, the terms and
    conditions of the product or service you signed up with us, and as required by our legal obligations, laws and
    regulations. We ensure that only authorized employees and third-party service providers, who satisfy our stringent
    risk management, governance, information security, and data privacy requirements, can process your data.
Data Storage
We store Customer Data in secure and encrypted UnionBank-managed environments, devices, and media. For
                third-party managed environments such as cloud service providers, we employ BSP-sanctioned security
                protocols and procure BSP approval prior to deployment.
We store physical copies of documents containing Customer Data in physical secure vaults.
Data Access
Customer Data can only be accessed by authorized personnel on a role-based manner following the
                proportionality, need-to-know, and least-privilege principles that authorized personnel can only access
                and use Customer Data they need for their role and purpose in UnionBank.
Data Use
Data Profiling
We perform automated processing of Customer Data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating
                        to natural persons, in particular to analyze or predict aspects containing that natural
                        person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests,
                        reliability, behavior, location, or movements.
Customer Engagement
We use your contact information to communicate regarding your relationship with us. These
                        include but are not limited to facilitating activities concerning your bank accounts and
                        services, such as transaction authorization, distributing statements, providing customer
                        service, conducting surveys, and administering rewards and loyalty programs. We may send
                        notifications about product enhancements and security reminders via email, calls, SMS, or
                        newsletters. We may also contact you to verify identities or authorities of relevant individuals
                        or your representatives. This ensures the security and integrity of our interactions and
                        transactions. Additionally, we may communicate to facilitate transactions or seek consent for
                        product-related services and support, such as but not limited to processing or administrative
                        support, acting as an intermediary or nominee, and participating in investments, trusts,
                        insurance, credit and debit services, loans, mortgages, and wealth management products.
Marketing
We may use your contact information to send out commercial campaigns featuring products and
                        services we believe you will find interesting, relevant, and useful. Our aim is to create a
                        personalized relationship with you by providing tailored offers to suit your lifestyle,
                        interests, and needs. We analyze campaign results to assess their effectiveness and relevance.
Due Diligence and Regulatory Compliance
We may use Customer Data to evaluate your eligibility for UnionBank products and services.
In assessing your ability to repay your loans, we conduct credit risk and investigation and
                        reporting on your credit history and account updates.
We use your account details when you instruct us to make a payment or fulfill an investment
                        order.
We use automated processes and data science solutions for faster decision-making in granting
                        loan products.
We process Customer Data in compliance with legal obligations and statutory requirements by BSP,
                        and other regulatory agencies, or to support initiatives, projects and programs by or between
                        financial industry self-regulatory organizations, financial industry bodies, associations of
                        financial services providers, or other financial institutions, including assisting other
                        financial institutions to conduct background or credit checks or collect debts.
We use your Customer Data to establish, maintain or terminate accounts and establish, provide or
                        continue banking/credit facilities, or financial services including investment, trust,
                        insurance, credit, debit, charge, prepaid, or any type of card, loan, mortgage, auto loan,
                        financial and wealth management products and services, and otherwise maintaining accurate
                        “KYC” information and conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions and credit and
                        background checks (whether such facilities or services are offered or issued by
                        UnionBank’s affiliates, third parties, or through other intermediaries, providers, or
                        distributors).
Cross-Sell
We use your Customer Data to offer products and services that we believe may be of interest to
                        you. This may include products or services offered by our subsidiaries, affiliates, or trusted
                        third-party partners.
We analyze your interactions with our products or services to tailor our cross-selling efforts
                        to your preferences and needs.
Business Insights
We perform data analysis and reporting based on your Customer Data and how we operationalize to
                        aid our management make better decisions.
We analyze your Behavioral Data, your interactions with our products and services, and our
                        communications with you, and we carry out business risk, control or compliance review or
                        testing, internal audits, or enable the conduct of external audits to aid us understand the
                        areas for improvement and development.
We analyze Transactional Data performed through our third-party service providers and partners
                        in order to determine how we can jointly improve our products and services for you.
Data Quality
We shall process your Customer Data in compliance with the data quality standards imposed by
                        BSP. We shall obtain additional information about you from government institutions or credit
                        bureaus to improve the quality of your Customer Data with us. We may contact you to ensure
                        accuracy and integrity of your information in our data processing systems.
Protection and Security
We process Customer Data for your account protection against cybercrime, identity theft,
estafa
, fraud, financial crimes such as money laundering, terrorism financing, and tax
                        fraud.
We use your Identification Data and Transactional Data to conduct profiling for detection of
                        suspicious activity on your account.
We may employ artificial intelligence and machine learning in real-time detection of suspected
                        fraudulent activities on your account.
We may reset your password or temporarily hold your online banking account to protect you from
                        detected suspected fraudulent activities.
We may monitor and record your Audio and Visual Data, such as calls and electronic
                        communications with Relevant Individuals and consumers for record keeping, quality assurance,
                        customer service, training, investigation, litigation, and fraud prevention purposes.
Bank Remedies and Verification
We may use Customer Data to enforce (including without limitation, collecting amounts
                        outstanding) or defend the rights of UnionBank and/or any of its affiliates and subsidiaries,
                        its employees, officers, and directors, contractual or otherwise.
We need to verify the identity or authority of your Relevant Individuals to carry out or respond
                        to requests, questions, or instructions from verified representatives or other parties pursuant
                        to UnionBank’s then-current security procedures.
Data Retention
For financial data and documents which indicate taxable transactions, data shall be preserved for ten
                (10) years per BIR regulation.
We keep your data as long as necessary: a) for the fulfillment of the declared, specified, and
                legitimate purposes, or when the processing relevant to the purposes has been terminated; b) for the
                establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or c) for legitimate business purposes, which shall
                be in accordance with the standards of the banking industry.
The processing, profiling, and sharing apply during the prospecting and application stages, as well as
                for the duration of and even after the rejection, termination, closure, or cancellation of the Services
                (collectively “Termination”) for a period of at least ten (10) years from the Termination of
                the last existing account or relationship of the Data Subject or Relevant Individual as determined by
                the Bank.
All other transactions and accounts that are not defined above shall be retained following BSP
                Regulations where retention period for transaction records shall be five (5) years from the date of
                transaction except where specific laws and/or regulations require a different retention period, in which
                case, the longer retention period is observed.
Data Disposal
After the expiration of the imposed retention period, we dispose of personal data in a secure manner in
                order to prevent further processing, unauthorized access, or disclosure to any other.
Customer Data is subject to data retention requirements and to certain limitations under regulatory
                requirements.
DATA SHARING AND PURPOSE
When you consent to the processing of your Customer Data with us, you also agree to help us comply with our statutory
    and contractual obligations with other financial institutions. We may also share your Customer Data externally with
    our partners, upon your written and/or electronic consent, for value added service you may find useful and relevant
    on top of your account with us. For contractual and value-added service data sharing agreements, we employ
    standardized model clauses as recommended by the National Privacy Commission (NPC) to ensure the data protection of
    Customer Data. Below are the disclosures required by the government entities, other regulatory authorities, and
    financial institutions:
Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) and Anti-Money Laundering Council (AMLC)
We are subjected to mandatory disclosures to the AMLC under Republic Act 9160 or the Anti-Money
                Laundering Act of 2001, as amended, when there is probable cause that the deposits or investments
                involved are in any way related to unlawful activities or money laundering offenses.
BSP mandates disclosures and reporting in compliance with its issuances for the protection of the
                integrity of the banking sector.
Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR)
We may conduct random verification with the BIR in order to establish authenticity of tax returns
                submitted to us.
The BIR may inquire into bank accounts of the following: a) a decedent in order to determine his gross
                estate; b) a taxpayer who has filed an application to compromise his tax liability on the ground of
                financial incapacity; and c) a taxpayer, information on whose account is requested by a foreign tax
                authority.
Credit Information Corporation (CIC)
The Credit Information System Act (RA 9510) mandates us to submit your Identification and credit
                data/Financial Data to the CIC and share the same with other accessing entities and special accessing
                entities authorized by the CIC.
Judicial and Investigative Authorities
We may be mandated to disclose certain Customer Data upon service of legal court orders (i.e.
                unexplained wealth under Section 8 RA 3019) or express legal request from police, public prosecutors,
                courts, or dispute resolution provided allowed by law.
In these cases, we will notify you of the disclosure to the requesting government authority, subject to
                limitations imposed by law.
Any person or entity to whom UnionBank is under an obligation or otherwise required to make disclosure
                pursuant to legal processes or under the requirements of any Philippine law, regulation, court order or
                agreement entered into, binding on or applying to UnionBank, or agreement entered into by UnionBank,
                whether such legal process, obligation, request, requirement, agreement or guidance may be existing
                currently or created in the future.
Other Regulatory Authorities
Regulatory authorities when such other persons or entities we may deem as having authority or right to
                such disclosure of information as in the case of regulatory agencies, government or otherwise, which
                have required such disclosure from us and when the circumstances so warrant.
Financial Institutions
To fulfill payments and services, we may have to share your Identification, Transactional, and Financial
                Data with correspondent banks, network payment processors (i.e. Visa, Mastercard, American Express,
                JCB), stockbrokers, fund managers, portfolio service providers, or to any financial institution,
                processing agent, intermediary, clearing house, issuer, borrower, underwriter, dealer, seller,
                registrar, registry, paying and collecting agent, custodian, depository, underwriter, fund manager, fund
                provider, insurer, credit card company, acquiring company, securities and investment service providers,
                trustee, or any other person who will be involved in the transactions, Services, or any banking/credit
                or financial activities or with whom the you have or proposed to or are required to have dealings.
We disclose your Identification, Transactional, and Financial Data with insurers, insurance brokers, or
                providers of deposit or credit protection for protection against all kinds of risks.
For purposes of credit investigation, consumer reporting, or for reports of credit history, account
                updates and fraud prevention, we may share your Identification, Transactional, and Financial Data with
                reference agencies such as the Credit Card Association of the Philippines (CCAP), and the Bankers
                Association of the Philippines (BAP).
Partners, Subsidiaries, and Affiliates
We may disclose your Customer Data to our partners who collaborate with us to provide services to you
                and provide joint communications that we hope you find interest.
Through our digital channels, you may instruct other mobile financial technology applications to
                retrieve your account information, initial payments, or cash-in from your account with us via our
                Application Programming Interface (API) facility.
In the course of UnionBank’s business, we may also disclose your Customer Data to the following
                authorized personnel, including, but not limited to, an agent, broker, adviser, contractor or third
                party service provider who provides administrative, mailing, telemarketing, direct sales,
                telecommunications, call center, business process, travel, visa, knowledge management, human resource,
                data processing, information technology, computer, information security, anti-fraud, payment, debt
                collection, credit or business information, reference or other background checks, leads and referrals,
                nominee or securities clearing, consulting service, or other services to UnionBank.
We may also share from time to time, the data provided by you to us, with, and including, the
                subsidiaries and affiliates of: a) Aboitiz & Company, Inc. (ACO); b) Aboitiz Equity Ventures (AEV);
                and c) UnionBank; for the purposes as set out in UnionBank’s DPS in force, provided by you to us
                from time to time for cross-selling and compliance to any law, regulations, government requirement,
                treaty, agreement, policy or as required by or for the purpose of any court legal process, examination,
                inquiry, audit, or investigation of any authority. This applies notwithstanding any non-disclosure
                agreement.
Assignees/Relevant Individuals
We may also share your Client/Consumer Data to enable an actual or proposed assignee of the Bank, or
                participant or sub-participant or transferee of UnionBank’s rights in respect of the
                Client/Consumer/Data Subject or any other Relevant Individual, of all or any part of the assets or
                business of UnionBank, to evaluate or consummate a transaction intended to be the subject of the
                assignment, transfer, participation, or sub-participation.
Your data may be shared to any party giving or proposing to give a guarantee or third-party security to
                guarantee or secure the Client/Consumer/Data Subject’s obligations or those of any Relevant
                Individual.
RIGHTS OF THE CONSUMER
Under the Data Privacy Act of 2012, you have the following rights:
Right to be informed
– you may demand the details as to how your Customer Data is being
        processed or has been processed by UnionBank, including the existence of automated decision-making and profiling
        systems. This also includes our notification efforts prior to processing of your Customer Data and mandatory
        notification in case of data privacy breach.
Right to access
– upon written request, you may demand reasonable access to your Customer
        Data, which may include the contents of your processed Customer Data, the manner of processing, sources where
        they were obtained, recipients, and reason of disclosure.
Right to dispute
– you may dispute inaccuracy or error in your Identification Data in the
        Bank systems through our contact center representatives.
Right to correct
– you may require UnionBank to correct any Identification Data relating
        to you which is inaccurate.
Right to object
– you may suspend, withdraw, and remove your Identification Data from
        certain further processing, upon demand, which includes your right to opt-out to any commercial communication or
        advertising purposes of the Bank.
You may exercise your right to Opt-Out by providing your Request through the following official
                UnionBank channels:
Email to customer.service@unionbankph.com;
Customer Service Hotline;
“Unsubscribe” link in EDM;
UnionBank Online App MyMailbox (“Others”); or
Physical Opt-Out Form available in your respective branch.
Consumers’ right to Data Deletion is subject to data retention requirements and to certain
                limitations. We will exclude you from receiving advertisements and other notifications through the
                Bank’s official communication channels.
You will be informed of the limits and bounds of such request. The Opt-Out Request shall be processed
                within seven (7) banking days after submission. You likewise understand that prior to such Opt-Out
                Request, your Customer Data has already been and will still be processed and shared in accordance with
                this DPS for opportunity sizing, risk analysis, profiling, and such other necessary processing for
                UnionBank to provide you with products and services and to comply with our legal and regulatory
                obligations.
Right to data erasure
– based on reasonable grounds and subject to applicable laws and
        regulations, you have the right to suspend, withdraw or order blocking, removal or destruction of your personal
        data from UnionBank’s filing system, without prejudice to UnionBank’s continuous processing for
        commercial, operational, legal, and regulatory purposes.
Right to data portability
– you have the right to obtain from UnionBank your
        Identification Data in an electronic or structure format that is commonly used and allows for further use.
Right to be indemnified for damages
– as data subject, you have every right to be
        indemnified for any damages sustained due to such violation of your right to privacy through inaccurate, false,
        unlawfully obtained or unauthorized use of your Personal Data.
Right to file a complaint
– you may file your complaint or any concerns with our Data
        Protection Officer or with the NPC through privacy.gov.ph.
CONTACT OUR DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
For inquiries and concerns, you may address them to UnionBank’s Data Protection Officer at 30/F UnionBank
    Plaza, Meralco Avenue cor. Onyx Road, Pasig City or through email at dpo@unionbankph.com.
This Data Privacy Statement has been updated as of June 2024.
ABOITIZ GROUP OF COMPANIES AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES
Aboitiz & Co., Inc.
Aboitiz Construction, Inc.
Aboitiz Equity Ventures, Inc.
Aboitiz Power Corporation and Subsidiaries
Visayan Electric Co., Inc.
UnionDigital Bank, Inc.
UBX Philippines Corporation
City Savings Bank
Bangko Kabayan, Inc.
Petnet, Inc.
UnionBank Investment Management and Trust Corporation
UnionBank Financial Services and Insurance Brokerage, Inc.
First Union Insurance and Financial Agencies, Inc.
PILMICO Foods Corporation
PILMICO Animal Nutrition Corp.
Fil-Agri Holdings, Inc.
Fil-Agri, Inc.
Aboitiz Land, Inc.
Lima Land, Inc.
Republic Cement and Building Materials, Inc.
Republic Cement Mindanao, Inc.
Republic Cement Land & Resources, Inc.
Aboitiz Infracapital, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Advanced Data Innovation, Inc.
Citi Migrating Accounts Data Privacy Statement
DATA PRIVACY STATEMENT
This Data Privacy Statement (“Data Statement”) is applicable to all persons who have established or propose to establish an account and/ or relationship with, and/ or who have provided or propose to provide a guarantee or third party security (the “Data Subject”) to: (i) UnionBank or (ii) any other entity owned or controlled by UnionBank. This Data Statement can also be viewed online at
https://www.citibank.com.ph/static/data-privacy-statement/
. This Data Statement has been prepared by UnionBank in connection with the Data Privacy Act of 2012 and its implementing rules and regulations (the “DPA”). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the DPA. To the extent that any similar agreement and consent involving the data and information of the Data Subject are required under Philippine bank secrecy laws and regulations, this Data Statement is applicable for such purpose.
General
The Data Subject agrees that the use or continued use of any of the Bank's products and services or maintenance of an account or relationship shall be deemed as the Data Subject's acceptance and agreement to be bound by the provisions of this Data Statement.
From time to time, it is necessary for a Data Subject to allow UnionBank to undertake processing, profiling and sharing of Personal Data, customer, transaction or account data and information (collectively, the “Personal Data”) in connection with the prospecting, application, establishment or maintenance of accounts or relationships, including provision of banking, credit facilities or financial, or customer services (collectively, the “Services”).
Failure to supply the Information to the Bank, and allow the Bank to undertake processing, profiling and sharing of such Information may result in the Bank being unable to provide or maintain the Services to the Data Subject.
The Data Subject warrants to the Bank that where he/she or his/her representatives is/are responsible for the provision of any Information relating to any Relevant Individual (as defined below) to the Bank, or actually provide/s any such Information to the Bank, that he/she has informed each Relevant Individual and such Relevant Individual has given consent to, the Bank's processing, profiling and sharing of the Information as described in this Data Statement, and that the Data Subject will obtain such consent in advance of providing any similar Information in the future.
The Data Subject agrees that Information of the Data Subject and a Relevant Individual may be processed, profiled and shared in and to any country/ jurisdiction as the Bank considers appropriate or necessary, as described below. Such Information may also be processed, profiled and shared in accordance with the local practices and laws, rules and regulations (including any regulatory requests, governmental acts and orders) in such country/jurisdiction.
The Data Subject understands and consents that the processing, profiling and sharing apply during the prospecting and application stages, as well as for the duration of and even after the rejection, termination, closure or cancellation of the Services (collectively “Termination”) for a period of at least ten (10) years from the Termination of the last existing account or relationship of the Data Subject or Relevant Individual as determined by the Bank. Where the Bank has deemed it necessary or required to fulfill foreign and domestic legal, regulatory, governmental, tax, law enforcement and compliance requirements and disclosure to any foreign or domestic market exchange, court, tribunal and/or legal, regulatory, governmental, tax and law enforcement authority or self-regulatory organization, the Data Subject understands and consents that the storage will be made even after a period of ten (10) years from such Termination until the final conclusion of any requirement or disclosure obligation, dispute or action.
Description of the Personal Data to be entered into the System
From time to time, the Bank may collect directly from the Data Subject, from any person authorized by the Data Subject in a manner approved by the Bank, from third parties including Relevant Individuals (as defined below) and from available sources, the following data, and enter the data into any system for processing, profiling and sharing:
Personal Data and account information about the Data Subject, family members, friends, beneficiaries, attorneys, attorneys-in-fact, shareholders, beneficial owners (if relevant), persons under any trust, trustees, partners, committee members, directors, officers or authorized signatories, guarantors, other security and other individuals (collectively for all of the foregoing who are natural persons, “Relevant Individuals”), which may include names, identification particulars, contact details, products and services, portfolio information, transaction activity, patterns, history and behavior, employment information, financial background, educational background and demographic data;
Data and information generated in the ordinary course of prospecting, accepting applications, establishment, continuation and Termination of Services with the Bank, or when a Relevant Individual gives instructions, writes checks, withdraws funds, transfers funds, deposits money, enters into a transaction or arranges banking/credit facilities for himself/herself or for any third party or participates in promos, programs, contests, surveys and other information and records, such as providing preferences, answers to questions intended for security verification, and other data the Data Subject chooses to provide; and,
Information from cookies, or other technologies deployed for analysis of visits to, usage and transactions in websites, mobile applications, SMS or the use of any information technology application of and by the Bank, social media networks, data aggregators and data integrators and other available data sources and the use of the internet.
Scope and Method of Personal Data Processing, Profiling and Sharing
The scope and method of Personal Data processing by the Bank cover the following:
“Processing” refers to any operation or any set of operations performed upon Personal Data including, but not limited to, the collection, recording, organization, storing, updating or modification, retrieval, consultation, use, consolidation, blocking, erasure or destruction of data, and outsourcing of these activities. Processing may be performed through automated means, or manual processing, if the Personal Data are contained or are intended to be contained in a system.
“Profiling” refers to any form of automated processing of Personal Data consisting of the use of Personal Data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyze or predict aspects containing that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or movements.
“Data sharing” or “sharing” is the disclosure or transfer to a third party of Personal Data or Information by the Bank or its data processors or recipients of the data, and excludes outsourcing.
Purpose of Personal Data Processing, Profiling and Sharing
The Data Subject agrees that the Personal Data may be processed, profiled or shared by the Bank or any person who has legitimately obtained such data from the Bank for any of the following purposes (collectively “Permitted Purposes”):
To establish, maintain or terminate accounts and establish, provide or continue banking/credit facilities or financial services including investment, trust, insurance, credit, debit, charge, prepaid or any type of card, loan, mortgage, auto loan, financial and wealth management products and services and otherwise maintaining accurate “know your customer” information and conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions, credit and background checks (whether such facilities or services are offered or issued by Bank, Bank's affiliates, third parties or through other intermediaries, providers or distributors);
To provide, operate, process and administer Bank accounts and services or to process applications for Bank accounts and services, including banking/financial transactions such as remittance transactions and credit/ financial facilities, subscription or proposed subscription of products or services (whether offered or issued by Bank or otherwise), and to maintain service quality and train staff;
To undertake activities related to the provision of the Bank accounts and services including but not limited to transaction authorization, statement printing and distribution, customer service and conduct of surveys, the provision of research reports, offering documents, product profiles, term sheets or other product related materials, administration of rewards and loyalty programs;
To provide product related services and support, including, without limitation, provision of processing or administrative support or acting as an intermediary / nominee shareholder / agent / broker / market participant /counterparty in connection with participation in various products including investment, trust, insurance, credit, debit, charge, prepaid or any type of card, loan, mortgage, auto loan, financial and wealth management products and services (whether such products are offered or issued by the Bank, the Bank's affiliates, third parties or through other intermediaries, providers or distributors);
To fulfil foreign and domestic legal, regulatory, governmental, tax, law enforcement and compliance requirements and disclosure to any foreign or domestic market exchange, court, tribunal, and/or legal, regulatory, governmental, tax and law enforcement authority (each, an “Authority”) pursuant to relevant guidelines, regulations, orders, guidance or requests from the Authority) and comply with any treaty or agreement with or between foreign and domestic Authorities applicable to the Bank, their agents or providers;
To verify the identity or authority of Relevant Individuals, representatives who contact the Bank or may be contacted by the Bank and to carry out or respond to requests, questions or instructions from verified representatives or other parties pursuant to the Bank's then-current security procedures;
For risk assessment, statistical and trend analysis and planning purposes, including to carry out data processing, statistical, credit, risk and anti-money laundering and sanctions analyses, creating and maintaining credit scoring models, and otherwise ensuring potential or ongoing credit worthiness of Relevant Individuals and Data Subjects, including conducting banking, credit, financial and other background checks and reviews, and maintaining banking, credit and financial history of individuals (whether or not there exists any direct relationship between that Data Subject or Relevant Individual, and the Bank) and creating and maintaining business development plans and activities for present and future reference;
To monitor and record calls and electronic communications with Relevant Individuals and Data Subjects for record keeping, quality assurance, customer service, training, investigation, litigation and fraud prevention purposes;
For crime and fraud detection, prevention, investigation and prosecution;
To enforce (including without limitation collecting amounts outstanding) or defend the rights of the Bank, its employees, officers and directors, contractual or otherwise;
To perform internal management and management reporting, to operate control and management information systems, and to carry out business risk, control or compliance review or testing, internal audits or enable the conduct of external audits;
To enable an actual or proposed assignee of the Bank, or participant or sub-participant or transferee of the Bank's rights in respect of the Data Subject to evaluate or consummate a transaction intended to be the subject of the assignment, transfer, participation or sub-participation;
To comply with contractual arrangements or to support initiatives, projects and programs by or between financial industry self-regulatory organizations, financial industry bodies, associations of financial services providers or other financial institutions (each, an “Industry Organization”), including assisting other financial institutions to conduct background or credit checks or collect debts;
To manage the Bank's relationship with the Data Subject, which may include providing information about the Data Subject or a Relevant Individual, to the Bank;
For marketing to us and to individuals with similar profiles, attributes or behavior, banking, financial, credit, investment, trust, insurance, credit, debit, charge, prepaid or other types of card, loan, mortgage, and wealth management related products or services, conducting market, product and service research, and designing or refining any products or services including by conducting data analysis, and surveys, by various modes of communication including mail, telephone call, SMS, electronic mail, internet, mobile, social media, chat, biometric, and other technological tools and development;
To comply with any obligations, requirements, policies, procedures, measures or arrangements for sharing data and information within UnionBank and its subsidiaries and affiliates and any other use of data and information in accordance with any programs for compliance with tax, sanctions or prevention or detection of money laundering, terrorist financing or other unlawful activities; and,
Purposes relating directly thereto.
Classes and Recipients of the Personal Data
In addition, the Data Subject agrees that the Personal Data may be processed, profiled and shared, to the following entities inside or outside the Philippines (each, a “Data Recipient”), in accordance with any purpose described in the Permitted Purposes:
Any person, agent, broker, adviser, contractor or third party service provider who provides administrative, mailing, telemarketing, direct sales, telecommunications, call centre, business process, travel, visa, knowledge management, human resource, data processing, information technology, computer, information security, payment, debt collection, credit or business information, reference or other background checks, leads and referrals, nominee or securities clearing, consulting service, or other services to the Bank in connection with the operation of the business of the Bank and the Data Subject;
Any person or entity which is part of UnionBank to the extent necessary to fulfil the relevant Permitted Purpose;
Any drawee bank check clearinghouse, or the service provider of the foregoing, in connection with any cheque or equivalent;
Credit reference or information company or bureau, and fellow users, members or subscribers of the foregoing company, bureau or agency (including, where such entities are users, members or subscribers of the foregoing, universal, commercial and thrift banks, including their trust departments, rural banks and entities with quasi-banking license issued by the BSP, including their subsidiaries and/or affiliates that are engaged in the business of providing credit; life insurance companies, mutual benefit associations and other similar entities supervised by the Insurance Commission; credit card companies; financing companies; trust entities; investment houses with quasi-banking license; nongovernmental organizations engaged in the micro financing business; government lending institutions, both government financial institutions and government-owned and controlled corporations engaged primarily in lending; cooperatives engaged in lending activities such as credit cooperatives or financial services cooperatives; other entities providing credit facilities; telecommunications companies); and, in the event of default, skip or asset tracing and debt collection agency;
Any person or entity to whom UnionBank is under an obligation or otherwise required to make disclosure pursuant to legal process or under the requirements of any foreign or domestic law, regulation, court order or agreement entered into, binding on or applying to UnionBank, or agreement entered into by UnionBank and any foreign or domestic Authority or between or among any two or more domestic or foreign Authorities, or any disclosure under and for the purposes of any guidelines or guidance given or issued by any Authority, or Industry Organization with which UnionBank is required or expected to comply or participate, or any disclosure pursuant to any contractual or other commitment of UnionBank with an Authority, or Industry Organization, all of which may be within or outside Philippines including disclosure to any Authority, whether such legal process, obligation, request, requirement, agreement or guidance may be existing currently or created in the future;
Any financial institution, processing agent, intermediary, payment infrastructure provider, clearinghouse, issuer, borrower, underwriter, dealer, seller, registrar, registry, paying and collecting agent, custodian, depository, underwriter, fund manager, fund provider, insurer, credit card company, acquiring company, card network or association, securities and investment services provider, trustee or any other person who will be involved in the transactions, Services or any banking/credit or financial activities or with whom the Data Subject has or proposed to or is required to have dealings;
Any actual or proposed assignee of the Bank or participant or sub-participant or transferee of the Bank's rights in respect of the Data Subject or any other Relevant Individual, of all or any part of the assets or business of the Bank; and,
Any party giving or proposing to give a guarantee or third party security to guarantee or secure the Data Subject's obligations or those of any Relevant Individual.
Third party reward, loyalty, privileges, programs or other related services and/or service or product provider;
Co-branding partners of the Bank (the names of such co-branding partners can be found in the application form(s) for the relevant services and products, as the case may be); and
Charitable or non-profit making organizations or other recipients of donations or contributions from the Data Subject;
The respective subcontractor, assignee, vendor or delegate of each of the above-described person or entity.
Rights of a Data Subject / Amendment of Data Statement
Under and in accordance with the terms of the DPA, any individual has the right:
To be informed whether Personal Data is being or has been processed. This includes processing through automated decision-making and profiling;
To require the Bank to correct any Personal Data relating to the Data Subject which is inaccurate;
To object to the processing of the Personal Data in case of changes or amendments to the Personal Data supplied or declared to the Data Subject;
To access the Personal Data;
To suspend, withdraw or order the blocking, removal or destruction of the Data Subject's Personal Data from the Bank's system. It is understood and acknowledged by the Data Subject that where the Data Subject exercises his right set out in this provision, the Bank reserves its right to Terminate the Services;
Requests in relation to the above or for information regarding this Data Statement are to be addressed as follows:
Attention to
Data Protection Officer
Address
Union Bank of the Philippines
33/F UnionBank Plaza, Meralco Avenue corner
Onyx Road, Pasig City
Email address
dpo@unionbankph.com
The Data Subject hereby agrees that the Bank may amend and vary this Data Statement and the account terms from time to time and that upon notification of such amended Data Statement, the contents thereof shall similarly amend, vary and supplement such account terms and conditions, agreements and/or arrangements aforesaid with effect from the date specified in such amended Data Statement, and without prejudice to the foregoing, the Data Subject's use or continued use of any of the Bank's services after such change shall also be deemed as his/her acceptance and agreement to the same.
Nothing in this Data Statement shall limit the rights of Data Subjects under the DPA.
I agree to UnionBank's
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy
Thank you for the trust, and we want to keep it that way. Learn more about our updated privacy and cookie policy
here
.
Don't show this message again
OK