Foodim Privacy Notice
Last updated 17 May 2018
About this Privacy Notice
Foodim Limited ("Foodim", The “Platform”, “us”, “we” or “our”), with its registered office at 5 Elstree Gate, Elstree Way, Borehamwood, Hertfordshire, WD6 1JD and registered number 10375895, is committed to protecting the privacy of its users.
This privacy notice (the “Privacy Notice”) explains our policy regarding any personal data that you might supply to us (or that might be collected from you) when you use the Platform . The Information (“Information”) shall be used in accordance with the permissions granted by you and in accordance with the GDPR (the “Act”).
This Privacy Notice is intended to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Platform. Please take a minute to read and understand it and please note that it should be read in conjunction with our
Terms
and our
Cookie Notice
, referred to below.
Data Controller
Foodim Limited is the data controller (“Data Controller”) for the purposes of the Act and can be contacted at 5 Elstree Gate, Elstree Way, Borehamwood, Hertfordshire, WD6 1JD.
Our commitment to protecting your privacy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. This document aims to give you a clear explanation of our data processing policies. If you have any questions or concerns relating to our use of your Information and/or data protection, please contact us via email at data@foodim.com.
By using the Platform you consent to our collection and use of your Information as described in this Privacy Notice. If we change this Privacy Notice we will post an updated version on the Platform to keep you aware of what Information is collected, how it is used and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
What kind of information we collect, and how we collect it.
Information you give to us.
When you sign up for Foodim, you give us certain information voluntarily. This includes your name, email address, phone number, profile photo, posts, comments, and any other information you give us, such as the location of your post if you choose to, or access to the contacts in your device if you choose to use the friend finder functionality in Foodim.
If you choose to sign up to Foodim using your Facebook account, our servers request and collect the following information from Facebook in order to complete the signup process:
Your Facebook Public Profile - which includes your username, email address and profile picture
We do not collect or store any information about your Facebook friends, what Facebook content you engage with, or any other Facebook data
You may also choose to manually add extra information to your Foodim profile - this may include your home town, your biography, dietary requirements, favourite foods or restaurants.
We do not sell or share your personal data to third parties to use for their own marketing purposes.
Technical information.
When you use a website, mobile application or any internet service, some information gets created and logged automatically, and Foodim is no different. The types of information we collect are as follows:
Your IP address
Device or browser type
Operating system
Access times and time spent on the Platform
Referring website addresses
Actions taken during a session (such as liking or sharing a post)
Information specific to your device - for instance crash data, your device identifier or your mobile network provider
Cookies
We use cookies on our Platform for identification, personalisation and analysis purposes. By using the Platform you consent to the storing and accessing of cookies on your device. To find out more about the cookies we use and how to set your preferences please see our
Cookies Notice
.
What we do with the information we collect, and why we need to collect it
We have a legitimate interest in using your Information;
To ensure that the content on our Platform is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer or other device and to make our service relevant to you
To enable you to use the interactive features of our Platform
To develop and improve Foodim, such as adding new features or identifying problems that users might have when using the Platform
For our internal record keeping
To contact you to answer any queries or comments you may have
To contact you for marketing purposes by email, text or push notification where you have given us permission to do so. Each time we send you marketing emails, we give you the option to unsubscribe. You can disable notifications in the settings screen of Foodim, in the "Notifications" section
To send you updates (for example when other users like or comment on your posts), to send you suggestions for other users and content that you might be interested in, or to tell you which posts are chosen as competition winners or Foodim staff picks.
If you choose to share your location with us, we may customise the content we show you. For example, we may show you other posts close to your location, or restaurants that are nearby.
In the event that you apply for a job with us we will use any Information you submit by way of a job application or your Curriculum Vitae solely to assess your suitability for employment by us and to carry out any subsequent interview process.
We may in limited circumstances, disclose your Information to the following third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or asset we may disclose your Information to the prospective seller or buyer;
In the event that you apply for a job with us we may share your Information with third party agents who we use to assist us in the recruitment process; and
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your Information to comply with any legal obligation or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements or protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers, or others.
Transferring your Information
By using Foodim, you authorise us to transfer and store your information outside your home country, including in the United States, for the purposes described in this policy. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your information in these countries may not be the same as in your home country.
The choices you have about your information
You can edit or update your profile information at any time from your profile screen in the Foodim mobile app.
You can choose to disable sharing from Foodim to Facebook or Twitter in Foodim's settings screen, under the "Social Sharing" menu. Please note - if you used Facebook to sign up to the Platform, then you will have to remove the Foodim app by going to your settings in Facebook, clicking the "Apps and Websites" tab and removing Foodim. Note that this will also stop you from being able to log in to the Platform.
You have the "right of access" to, and the "right to erasure" of your Information. This means you can request your Information be emailed to you, or close your account at any time by emailing data@foodim.com. We will email you the Information we have and/or delete your Information and posts from our servers as soon as possible, but within 30 days of your request.
You can object to, or ask us to stop processing your Information including when we use the Information to send you notifications or marketing emails by emailing data@foodim.com
You can have the Information you have given us sent to another organisation, where we hold this Information with your consent or for the performance of a contract with you and where it is technically feasible.
You can complain to a regulator. If you feel we have not complied with data protection laws, you have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office. You can do this by visiting the
ICO concerns web page
.
How and when we share your Information
When you sign up and post content to Foodim, anyone can see it. This includes the information you add to your posts (such as notes or recipes), your profile information and the comments you and other users make on those posts.
Other Foodim users can also share your content to outside networks (such as Facebook and Twitter). In addition, Foodim may share your content to these other platforms or share it with other Foodim users (for example, if your post is selected as a post of the week, or you are a competition winner, we may email our users and display these posts). Please bear in mind that your username will be displayed along with the shared content, and if you have used your real name as your username, this will be visible to everyone.
How long we keep your Information for
We keep your Information for as long as we need it to provide the Platform to you and fulfil the purposes described in this policy. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our servers or depersonalise it so that you cannot be identified.
Security
We have implemented security measures to protect your Information against unauthorised access and use. We follow appropriate security procedures in the storage and disclosure of your Information so as to prevent unauthorised access by third parties. We also require those parties to whom we transfer your Information to comply with the same. However, unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. So, we cannot ensure the security of your Information transmitted by you to us via the internet. Any such transmission is at your own risk and you acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible for any unauthorised use, distribution, damage or destruction of your Information, except to the extent we are required to accept such responsibility under the Act.
Children's Information
Children under the age of 13 are not allowed to use Foodim. You may only use Foodim if you are over the age allowed by the data processing laws of your country, or if parental consent that is verifiable has been provided to us.
Links to other websites
The Platform may contain links to other 3rd party websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such 3rd party sites. This Privacy Notice applies solely to the Information collected by us on this Platform.
Complaints
We try to meet the highest standards when dealing with your Information. If you think our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate, please contact us using the methods above.