Wakeout
Contact
Get Wakeout
Terms & Privacy
Updated November 2024
Please read the Terms of Use carefully. We’ve made it as brief and clear as possible. By downloading, accessing or using Wakeout ("Wakeout"), you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree, do not use Wakeout.
We may change this document at any time. If we change it, we will announce it on our App Store listing. By continuing to use Wakeout, you agree to any revised Terms.
Stay Safe, It's Your Responsibility
By using Wakeout, you agree that it’s your responsibility to keep yourself safe. If you injure yourself, you agree to absolve Wakeout and its designers of any and all responsibility for injury of any kind.
Wakeout is an exercise app. Even though the exercises are designed to be safe and for all levels, if done incorrectly may result in injury.
‍
If you are new to exercising in general, please consult a doctor or qualified professional about doing Wakeout exercises. Wakeout isn't a rehabilitation app nor is it designed to treat any physical disorder.
‍
Wakeout was designed by experienced athletes for people with some basic knowledge about exercising in general.
‍
We suggest you do them carefully, and slowly the first few weeks. Do them at the intensity that your body and physical level allows you to. Do not exert yourself. Wakeouts are designed to be fun and relaxed.
Try a few exercise breaks yourself
If you're unsure Wakeout is for you, here's a few routines and exercises you can do online without purchasing Wakeout:
Usage and data tracking
When you Sign In with Apple (SiWA), we save your name to our encrypted database for reference. You may hide your email during the SiWA process. If you don't, we also collect your email address for notifications.
We track aggregate, generalized data to understand how the totality of our customers are using the app. This means we can track how many times a certain feature is being used, which exercises are the most popular, average exercises a person does, and total exercises done by our customers over time.
Additionally, we sync your exercise count and preferences between devices. In order to do this, that data has to be stored in a safe server, then synced on your other devices.
Our service providers
Amplitude: collects anonymized and aggregate data for the purposes of improving the product and understand the features that are used the most. For example, which exercises are used the most in general.
Firebase / Crashlytics: Used to track crashes and why the crash occurred. We’re not passing any other data to this library.
RevenueCat: used to help understand our income, based on the aggregate subscription value. This service calculates lifetime value, churn rate and other metrics to understand the health of the business. It doesn’t not collect personally identifiable data.
OneSignal: assigns and collects “pushIDs” so it’s able to send a push notification to devices. Device ids are not collected.
Apple Health Kit (Optional)
Wakeout requests write permission to log your active minutes (active energy, counted as calories), and workouts (total or partial time completing a Wakeout routine).
Read permission can be granted if you'd like your calories to be logged more precisely. This is achieved by combining your heart rate, weight and active time.
Health Kit data is not used in any other way, and will never be used for tracking, data mining, advertising or shared with anyone.
You may request your data or deletion of all your data at: hello@wakeout.co
Free Trial And Subscription
All payments and subscriptions are handled by Apple and iTunes. We don't manage any economic transaction between you and the App Store. Any issues you should handle directly with Apple.
iTunes will bill you automatically 24 hours once trial period ends. Plans auto-renew unless canceled 24 hours before the period ends.
Apple should send you an invoice with every billing cycle.‍
Your active subscription includes unlimited and unrestricted access to all available workouts, routines and updates.‍We might change the price of the subscriptions from time to time for promotion purposes. If you're already paying for a subscription, you'll continue to pay your current price and wont be affected by a price increase.
Managing Your Wakeout Subscription
From within Wakeout
Tap on the menu button on the top left corner (the tree green lines)
Tap on "Manage subscription"
You will be taken to your iTunes account. Sign in.
Scroll to Wakeout, tap it. From here you can change your subscription, end your trial or cancel subscription.
Refunds
By using our services, you consent to the sharing of your personal data with Apple Inc. as necessary to process refund requests for purchases made through Apple platforms.
From outside Wakeout
Go to Settings
Tap on iTunes & Appstore
Tap on your ID and sign in
Scroll down to Subscriptions
Tap on Wakeout.  From here you can change your subscription, end your trial or cancel subscription.