Privacy Policy
Update Date: January 14, 2022
Effective Date: January 14, 2022
Wangxu Technology Co.,Ltd.
(afterward collectively referred to as "WANGXU", "we", "us", and "ours") fully respects your privacy.
"Apowersoft" is the registered trademark of Wangxu Technology Co.,Ltd. This policy covers the processing of personal data by Apowersoft, which is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information whilst striving to provide the very best user experience. We want our websites to be safe and enjoyable for everyone.
The operations of Apowersoft are in accordance with the European Union's General
Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR), effective May 25, 2018. Apowersoft has made the GDPR a priority, and we are and have always been fully aligned with the regulation's intended result: the protection of your privacy and personal data.
1. What data do we collect and how do we use it?
Information you provide to us
. When you participate in, access, purchase or sign up to any of our services, activities or online content, such as subscriptions, newsletters, surveys, competitions or events, we receive personal information about you which we use to be able to provide these services.
This may consist of data including your name, email address, postal address and telephone number.
You will be able to select how we use your information for marketing purposes and you can update your marketing preferences at any time.
Account information
. Some of our online services (like file sharing and subscription for software product) require a password-protected account.
We collect, and associate with your account, the information you provide to us when you do activities such as signing up for your account or making purchases for our Services (like your full name, email address, and billing address).
Usage information
. We collect information related to how you use the Services, including actions you take when using our Services (like editing, viewing, and sharing Your Stuff, changing themes, activating software license, and logging in and out of your account). We use this information to improve our Services, develop new services and features, and protect you as well as other Apowersoft users.
Device information
. We also collect information from and about the devices you use to access the Services. This includes things like IP addresses, system language, the type of browser and device you use, the version of our software, the web page you visited before coming to our sites, and identifiers associated with your devices. Your devices (depending on their settings) may also transmit location information to the Services.
Uploaded and stored Files
. Some of our online/desktop applications provide free web hosting service for you. If you want, you may upload the files generated by these applications to the cloud server of our company and access them at any time as you want. Every file uploaded this way can be used by its owner only while none of the others can access it. We guarantee the safety of all your files stored on our server.
Marketing.
We do not send you any marketing material unless you voluntarily subscribe for our newsletters (opt-in). We collect your email address and other information you submit when you subscribe. If you do not want to receive marketing materials from us any more, simply click the 'Unsubscribe' link in any email any time (opt-out).
2. Legally process personal data
We will not share your personal data with other parties except as provided below:
2.1. We may share personal information with Service Providers. We provide certain Services and Software through Service Providers.
We may share your personal identification information with such Service Providers to fulfill orders, deliver packages, send postally or email, administer contests or sweepstakes, manage customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, process credit card, and other payments, operate the Website, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We will also share your information with Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks.
2.2. We may disclose the User's personal data if Apowersoft is under a duty to disclose or share such personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to protect the rights, property, or safety of its business, its customers, or others.
2.3. We may also transmit your personal information to companies that help us to run our business by processing personal information on behalf of us for the purposes identified above. Such companies include providers of payment processing services, data analysis services providers, fraud monitoring and prevention providers, email delivery service providers, social media, and other marketing platforms and service providers.
2.4. The collected personal data may be transferred by Apowersoft to recipients who are located outside the European Union and such destinations may not have laws that protect the User's personal data to the same extent as in the European Union.
Apowersoft ensures that the User's personal data processed by Apowersoft or by its suppliers and partners operating outside the European Union are treated securely and are protected against unauthorized access, loss or destruction, unlawful processing, and any processing which is inconsistent with the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
2.5. We may use third party track tools (such as Adwords, Bing, Bugsplat, Criteo, Disqus, fabric, Facebook, Firebase, Flurry, Google Analytics, Hotjar, LinkedIn, Pardot, Quora, JPUSH) to track the information on how users use the products and websites, such information will be stored in third-party servers. Such third-party track tools may send the data analysis report for Apowersoft's above-mentioned purpose.
2.6. We may store the collected information on the servers leased from providers of third-party server service.
3. Storage and retention of data
User Controls.
You can access, amend, download, and delete your personal information by logging into your Apowersoft account and going to your account settings page.
Retention.
When you sign up for an account with us, we'll retain information associated with your account for as long as your account is in existence or as long as we need it to provide you the Services. If you delete your account, we will initiate the deletion of this information immediately.
But please note: (1) there might be some latency in deleting this information from our servers and backup storage; and (2) we may retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements. Other information will be retained until you ask us to delete it.
4. Security
We are committed to protecting the personal data we hold. In accordance with GDPR, we adopt appropriate technical and organizational measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your information and ensure data is held securely. We also require any third parties to whom we may transfer personal data to have appropriate security measures in place. We ask third parties to complete Data Security Questionnaires so we can be sure they are a safe place for your data.
5. Your Right to Control and Access Your Information
You have control over your personal information and how it is collected, used, and shared. For example, you have a right to:
5.1. Access and take your data.
You can download copies of Your Stuff from our website. You can also ask us for a copy of the personal data you provided to us.
5.2. Change or correct personal data. You can manage your account and the content contained in it, as well as edit some of your profile details, through your account settings page.
5.3. Erase or delete all or some of Your Stuff in your Apowersoft account. You can delete each of the files you uploaded to your account, through your "My Account" page.
5.4. Delete your entire account.
You can delete your Apowersoft account, as well as any information related to it once for all, through your account settings page.
5.5. Unsubscribe from our newsletters.
Simply click any 'Unsubscribe' link in any marketing email you received to make your email address deleted from our mailing list.
5.6 Your right to
withdraw consent
Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.
5.7 The User has the right to define general or specific instructions regarding storage, deletion, and use of its personal data after death.
6.Appendix: Permission application and application scenarios
App permissions
Permissions and required information
Purpose of permission usage
Network access permission (Android)
Access network information
Request background service
Phone State
Read phone state
Read phone state, IMEI, and IMSI information of the device to identify users, prevent phishing websites and Trojan viruses and perform user data statistics (installs, active users)
Storage permissions (read and write)
Read and write external storage
Read local pictures, videos, and other media files to help users upload files
Camera permission
Allow the use of the camera
Used to take pictures, record videos, scan QR codes, and other functions
7. Children’s information
The Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may contact us as set forth below. If we learn that we have collected a child’s personal information in violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
8. Policy changes
Apowersoft may change this Policy from time to time as laws, regulations, industry standards, and/or our business evolves.
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition, or sale of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that deal. We will notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time and will post the most current version on our website.
If a revision meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify you in an obvious manner.  If you disagree with the changes to this Policy, you should deactivate your Services Account. Contact your Account administrator at support@apowersoft.com if you wish to request the removal of your personal data under their control.
9. Disclaimer
Apowersoft does not assume any responsibility for network service interruptions or other defects caused by force majeure
(as the case may be controlled, including, but not limited to acts of God, flood, war, terrorism, fire, riot, rebellion, civil commotion, strike, lockout, other industrial action, the general failure of electricity or other supply, technical failure, accidental or mechanical or electrical breakdown, computer failure or failure of any money transmission system, embargo, labor dispute and changes in any existing or future laws, ordinances, regulations, or any existing or future act of governmental activity or the like.)
or reasons beyond Apowersoft’s control, but will do its best to reduce the losses and impacts caused to users and ensure its stability and safety.
10. Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if you wish to submit a request to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@apowersoft.com.
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
new
Faq
Support
Share
Review
Back to top
This website uses cookies that are essential for the operations of this website and its core functions.       Other cookies will only be placed with your consent. For more details visit our
Cookies Policy.
Decline
Accept All Cookies