Skip to main content
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Close Search
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
Updated January 29, 2025
PLEASE REVIEW THIS POLICY CAREFULLY. BY USING OR PARTICIPATING IN ANY OF OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
This Privacy Policy describes Slim Chickens’ online and offline information collection and use practices as well as how we protect, store, and share visitor information. This Policy applies when you interact with us via our websites, mobile applications, delivery service, and restaurant locations, including our drive thrus. This Privacy Policy applies when you interact with us for orders placed via our Online Ordering system, whether for pickup, dine-in, or delivery through Slim Chickens or third-party delivery service providers.This Policy is subject to change at any time with or without Notice. If you have questions and/or concerns about our Policy or your information, please contact us at:
Email:
info@slimchickens.com
Telephone: 479-935-4444
Mail: 234 E. Millsap Road, Fayetteville, Arkansas 72703
Information that We Collect.
Please note that we maintain multiple physical locations with or without drive thru services; we maintain multiple physical locations that offer, and do not offer, delivery services through Slim Chickens or third party delivery service providers; offer multiple websites, mobile applications, blogs, and additional digital and print resources. We may collect information from you when you interact with us via any of our websites, third party service providers websites, mobile applications, and restaurant locations, including our drive thrus and other resources.
The information that we collect may include personal information or details, such as your name, contact information (postal and email addresses, phone number), payment information demographic information (age and gender), and any other personal information that you choose to provide us when you interact with us.
We, or third party service providers, may also collect transaction data, logs, session data as well as other system information  identifiers, such as IP address, internet connect, computer operating system and browser type, when you interact with us via our websites or mobile applications.
We may record your audio customer interaction in our drive thrus or if you call us.
We may collect additional employment information from job applicants and employees, including background check results, drug screening results and bank account information. We may use third-party providers to help us with job applications and delivery services.
We may have security video recordings from visits to our restaurants. However, we
DO NOT
collect biometric information.
We may collect your birthdate as part of your interaction with us. However, we
DO NOT
knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 without the permission of a parent or guardian. Our websites and mobile applications are meant for adults. We
DO NOT
permit individual users or individual accounts for individuals under the age of 13.
Slim Chickens SMS Messaging.
Some of our Products and Services include and feature SMS messaging.
Message frequency varies. You can cancel the SMS service at any time. Just text “STOP” to 24450. After you send the SMS message “STOP” to us, we will send you an SMS message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After this, you will no longer receive SMS messages from us. If you want to join again, just sign up as you did the first time, and we will start sending SMS messages to you again. If you are experiencing issues with the messaging program you can reply with the keyword HELP for more assistance, or you can get help directly by emailing
info@slimchickens.com
or calling  479-935-4444.
Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. As always, message and data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you. If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, it is best to contact your wireless provider.
Additional Terms and Conditions.
In some cases, your use of certain Products or Services will also be subject to additional terms and conditions of use. In those cases, we will provide users and participants of the applicable Product or Service with notice of the additional terms and conditions, and make those terms and conditions available. For example, our contests or sweepstakes, and our rewards and loyalty programs, are subject to additional terms and conditions that govern the terms and conditions of how those contests, sweepstakes, and programs are offered and administered by us.
If you choose to enter or participate in one or more of our Products and Services that include additional terms and conditions, you will be subject to those additional terms and conditions in addition to these policies.
How do We Use the Information That We Collect?
We use the information we collect from you for the purpose of providing and improving our Products and Services to and for our customers. For example, we may use your information in the following ways: to personalize your physical and digital experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings of which you are most interested; to allow us to better serve you in responding to your customer service requests; to process your purchases and transactions at our physical locations and via our websites and mobile applications; to administer contests, promotions, surveys or other features; and to provide and administer our reward and loyalty programs. If you have opted-in to receive e-mails from us, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you have opted-in to receive text, SMS, MMS, or other mobile messages from us, we may send you periodic text, SMS, MMS, or other mobile messages. Visitors who register or participate in other Products and Services, like marketing programs, rewards, and loyalty programs, and ‘members-only’ content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our communications list and receive communications from us. If you would no longer like to receive these communications from us, please refer to the “How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?” section. If you have not opted-in to receive these communications from us, you will not receive these communications.
We do not attempt to monetize personal information by selling or sharing it with third parties. Please refer to the “Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?” section for more information.
How Long do We Keep Your Information?
We keep your information as long as reasonably necessary to manage operations, your relationship with us or as required by applicable law.
How do We Protect Your Information?
Protecting your privacy and the security of the information we collect is very important to us. We use reasonable security measures. However, because the Internet is not 100% secure, we cannot promise that your use of our websites or mobile applications will be completely safe. As such, all information you provide to us is at your own risk.
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or provide or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do We Use Cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. Cookies are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your computer browser (like Google Chrome or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different,
so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Third Party Providers
.
We use or may use third party providers for various aspects of our Products and Services (for example: web hosting providers, gift card and e-gift car providers, payment processing providers, and delivery service providers). By using our Products and Services, you will also be subject to the third party policies for those third party services. Those third party policies may be materially different than our policies, especially with regard to information privacy and security. In addition, there may be links or references on our Products and Services to other products and services that are offered by third parties. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy and security practices and policies of any third party. If you choose to access or use any such third party product or service, you do so at your own risk.
Do We Disclose the Information We Collect to Outside Parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information, except as described below. The term “outside parties” does not include our business personnel, affiliates, subsidiaries, and related parties. The term “outside parties” also does not include parties who assist us in providing, operating, and improving our Products and Services, conducting our business, or servicing you (for example: website hosting partners, gift and e-gift card providers, and payment processing providers), so long as those parties agree to keep
this information confidential and do not use this information for their own independent benefit.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
We may use and/or disclose personal information (a) to our current or future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership, or (b) to a buyer or other successor in connection with, or during negotiations for, a merger, acquisition, reorganization, or other sale or transfer of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding.
We may also disclose anonymized, non-personally identifiable visitor or customer information to third parties for various reasons, including to market, promote, and improve our Products and Services. In these circumstances, we will take reasonable steps to de-identify (and prevent any party from re-identifying) any information used or disclosed in this way.
How Can You Opt-Out, Remove or Modify Information You Have Provided to Us?
To modify your communication subscriptions and preferences, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the “My Account” section of our websites and/or mobile applications. Please note that some of our communications are scheduled in advance, so you may continue to receive some communications for a time until your preference change request can be processed. To delete all of your digital account information from our database, sign into the “My Account” section of our websites and/or mobile applications, and remove/delete your information entries from your account. Please note that we may maintain information about individual sales transactions in order to service that transaction and for record keeping in the ordinary course of business. If you have any question or concern, or need additional assistance from us, in connection with opting-out, removing, or modifying your information or communication preferences, please contact us at the information provided at the beginning or end of these policies, and we will be happy to assist you.
Legal and Regulatory Notices
.
Children’s Privacy
: We are especially committed to protecting the privacy of children. Our websites and mobile applications are not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the websites or mobile applications. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. We urge parents to regularly monitor and supervise their children’s online activities. If you have questions about our children’s privacy practices please contact us at:
info@slimchickens.com
.
California
: If you are an individual resident of California, you have certain rights with respect to your personal information. This may include rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and/or the California “Shine the Light Law.” This includes, among other rights, the right to be informed and request access to the personal information about you that we have collected via our Products and Services. You may also have the right to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. Please note that we will comply with valid requests from residents of California subject to relevant legal exemptions. Please also note that we will need to verify your identity before processing any such requests, which may require us to request and obtain additional information from you. We will use that information only to review and address your requests. We reserve the right to decline or limit requests in certain circumstances – for example, when we are unable to verify your identity or locate information in our systems, or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
Additional States
: In addition to California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, and Virginia provide (now or in the future) their state residents with privacy rights to: ·Confirm whether we process their personal information.·Access and delete certain personal information.·Correct inaccuracies in their personal information, considering the information’s nature processing purpose (excluding Iowa and Utah).·Data portability.·Opt-out of personal data processing for:·       targeted advertising (excluding Iowa);·       sales; or·       profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects (excluding Iowa and Utah).·Either limit (opt-out of) or require consent to process sensitive personal data. Nevada also provides its residents with a limited right to opt-out of certain personal information sales. However, please know we do not currently sell data triggering that statute’s opt-out requirements. The exact scope of these rights may vary by state. To exercise any of these rights please contact at
info@slimchickens.com
.
Outside of the US
: If you live outside the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States.
If you are an individual resident of the European Union, you have certain rights with respect to your personal information, including under the General Data Protection Regulation. This includes, among other rights, the right to be informed and request access to the personal information about you that we have collected via our products and services. You may also have the right to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. Please note that we will comply with valid requests from residents of the European Union subject to relevant legal exemptions. Please also note that we will need to verify your identity before processing any such requests, which may require us to request and obtain additional information from you. We will use that information only to review and address your requests. We reserve the right to decline or limit requests in certain circumstances – for example, when we are unable to verify your identity or locate information in our systems, or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under this section. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide us with proof that you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may also need you to verify your identity directly with us.
If you have any questions or concerns, or need additional assistance from us, in connection with your rights under this section, please contact us at the information provided at the beginning or end of these policies, and we will be happy to assist you.
Changes to Our Policy.
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we may also notify you through a notice on the website’s home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Questions and Feedback.
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns. Please send us any suggestions or feedback pertaining to privacy or any other issue via the contact information provided at the beginning and end of these policies. However, feedback, comments, and suggestions you provide is entirely voluntary. We are free to use all feedback, comments and suggestions without any obligation or compensation to you.
Disability Accessibility.
If you are a user with a disability, or an individual assisting a user with a disability, and have difficulty accessing or navigating our websites or other digital channels, including this privacy statement, please contact us at: at the information provided at the beginning or end of these policies, and we will be happy to assist you..
How to Contact Us.
Email:
info@slimchickens.com
Telephone: 479-935-4444
Mail: 234 E. Millsap Road, Fayetteville, Arkansas 72701
Join Our eClub
The Slims eClub is full of fresh news and delicious deals.
SIGN UP
Company
Franchising
Careers/Employment
Accessibility
Contact Us
Slimthusiasts
Get The Slims App
eGift Cards
Promotions & News
Gift Card Balance
Restaurant
Nutritional/Allergen Info
Catering
In-Store Fundraisers
Locations & Menus
© 2021 Slim Chickens.  |
Privacy Policy
x-twitter
facebook
instagram
tiktok
Close Menu
LOCATIONS
ORDER NOW
OUR MENU
App & Rewards
Catering
Our Story
Nutrition
location_on
LOCATION
shopping_bag
ORDER NOW
menu_book
OUR MENU
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent