This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve your website experience and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
We won't track your information when you visit our site. But in order to comply with your preferences, we'll have to use just one tiny cookie so that you're not asked to make this choice again.
Accept
Decline
Home
Solutions
►
ARROW
Common Information Service
Drone Operator Tools
GuardianUTM
GuardianUTM Cloud
GuardianUTM O/S
Prism Detect
Sectors
►
Airports
ANSPs
Drone Manufacturers
Drone Pilots
Landowners
Sea Ports
Security
Software Developers
Telecoms
Vertiports
News
Resources
►
Developer Portal
Resources
About Us
►
Contact Us
Log a Support Ticket
About Us
10 Years of Altitude Angel
Events
Careers
Privacy Policy
BACKGROUND:
Altitude Angel understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who uses our mobile applications (“Our Apps”) and who visits, logs in or uses our websites (“Our Sites”) and will only use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a manner that is consistent with Our obligations and your rights under the law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Apps or Our Sites
.
If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Apps and Our Sites immediately.
If we ever need to introduce a change to this Policy, we will write to you (if we hold your email address) or place a notification in Our Apps or Our Sites to make you aware of the change and how it affects you. You will have the ability to withdraw your consent to any future changes should you wish to do so.
1. Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Account”
means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Apps or Our Sites;
“Cookie”
means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Apps or Our Sites when you visit certain parts of Our Apps or Our Sites and/or when you use certain features of Our Apps or Our Sites. Details of the Cookies used by Our Apps or Our Sites are set out in section 13, below;
“Cookie Law”
means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003;
“personal data”
means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data. In this case, it means personal data that you give to Us via Our Apps or Our Sites. This definition shall, where applicable, incorporate the definitions provided in the EU Regulation 2016/679 – the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”); and
“We/Us/Our”
means Altitude Angel Limited, a limited company registered in England under company number
09350032, whose registered address is The Blade, Abbey Square, Reading, RG1 3BE.
2. Information About Us
2.1
Our Apps and Our Sites are owned and operated by Altitude Angel Limited, a limited company registered in England under company number 09350032, whose registered address is The Blade, Abbey Square, Reading, RG1 3BE and whose main trading address is The Blade, Abbey Square, Reading, RG1 3BE.
2.2            Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted by email at
DataProtection@altitudeangel.com
, by telephone on +44 (0) 118 391 3503, or by post at The Blade, Abbey Square, Reading, RG1 3BE
3. What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Apps or Our Sites. Our Apps or Our Sites may contain links to other apps or websites, or use data or services provided by others. Please note that We have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and We advise you to check the privacy policies of any such third-party apps or websites before providing any data to them.
We make certain services available to 3
rd
parties who wish to integrate their products with our systems, for example, to provide you with a single sign-on experience or to help the 3
rd
party product exchange information with us about you. This only happens after the 3
rd
party has signed our relevant terms of service and only provided you have given us (and the 3
rd
party) explicit consent when you first use their product.
In general, data you share with us is held privately, except when we share it anonymously with 3
rd
parties for safety reasons. Data that we may share in this way is clearly explained when you use the feature.
We will only share other data we hold about you if we are in receipt of a legal, valid court order or warrant, properly served in accordance with relevant local laws.
4. Your Rights
4.1
As a data subject, you have the following rights under the GDPR (the General Data Protection Regulation), which this Policy and Our use of personal data have been designed to meet or exceed:
4.1.1
The right to be informed about Our collection and use of personal data;
4.1.2
The right of access to the personal data We hold about you (see section 12);
4.1.3
The right to rectification if any personal data We hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete (please contact Us using the details in section 14);
4.1.4
The right to be forgotten – i.e. the right to ask Us to delete any personal data We hold about you (We only hold your personal data for a limited time, as explained in section 6 but if you would like Us to delete it sooner, please contact Us using the details in section 14);
4.1.5
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data;
4.1.6
The right to data portability (obtaining a copy of your personal data to re-use with another service or organisation);
4.1.7
The right to object to Us using your personal data for particular purposes; and
4.1.8
Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
4.2
If you have any cause for complaint about Our use of your personal data, please contact Us using the details provided in section 14 and We will try to solve the problem for you. If We are unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office.
4.3
For further information about your rights, please contact the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens’ Advice Bureau.
5. What Data Do We Collect?
Depending upon your use of Our Apps or Our Sites, We may collect some or all of the following personal and non-personal data (please also see section 13 on Our use of Cookies and similar technologies):
5.1
name;
5.2
contact phone number, address,
e-mail address;
5.3
details about your drone(s), e.g. make, model, series number, take-off mass;
5.4
content of communications between you and any "UTM Ready" facility where you submit a flight plan;
5.5
whether you are a commercial or recreational drone operator;
5.6
whether you wish to voluntarily join our registration and recovery schemes;
5.7
Information about data that you have requested us to provide (for example, we will record the data relating to a geographic search you perform on our Drone Safety Map, and store that for safety and security purposes);
5.8
Information that you have explicitly sent to us that you intend for us to publicly disclose or share with trusted partners, authorities and/or facilities which operate as part of the Altitude Angel GuardianUTM network (for example, air navigation service providers or airport facilities, or other users of Our Apps or our Web Sites (for example, when you use the "flight report" functionality of the same);
5.9            Analytical information about Your use of Our Apps or Our Sites;
5.10          Other data that you explicitly ask us to store against your Altitude Angel ID profile;
6. How Do We Use Your Data?
6.1
All personal data is processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We will comply with Our obligations and safeguard your rights under the GDPR
at all times. For more details on security see section 7, below.
6.2
Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis, either because it is necessary for Our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to Our use of your personal data (e.g. by subscribing to emails, or sharing your flights), or because it is in Our legitimate interests. Specifically, We may use your data for the following purposes:
6.2.1
Providing and managing your Altitude Angel Account (and the data stored within it);
6.2.2
Contacting you to provide important, mandatory account security notifications or service updates (but not for marketing purposes unless you have explicitly opted-in to receive those);
6.2.3
Providing, securing and managing your access to Our Apps or Our Sites;
6.2.4
Personalising and tailoring your experience on Our Apps or Our Sites;
6.2.5
Supplying Our products and services to you (please note that We require some personal data from you in order to enter into a contract with you, such as your full name and email address at a minimum);
6.2.6
Personalising and tailoring Our Apps or Our Sites for you;
6.2.7
Notifying you of changes to Our Sites or Our Apps;
6.2.8
Replying to emails or support request from you;
6.2.9
Supplying you with emails or notifications via other mechanisms that you have opted-in to (you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by clicking on ‘unsubscribe’ in any of our marketing communication, or by disabling the notification feature in the relevant service).
6.2.10
Market and/or product research.
6.2.11
We may share limited information with other drone pilots or authorised 3
rd
parties, including other Altitude Angel customers, about your drone operations when you share this with us via our Flight Reports features, for the purposes of advancing airspace safety.
6.3
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, We may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by email with information, news and offers on Our products
and
services. We will not, however, send you any unsolicited marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that We fully protect your rights and comply with Our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
6.4
You have the right to withdraw your consent to Us using your personal data at any time, and to request that We delete it.
6.5
We do not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Data will therefore be retained for the following periods (or its retention will be determined on the following bases):
- Customer Records: 7 years after last transaction
- Marketing Data: Until consent is withdrawn or 2 years after last interaction
6.5.1
Personal data will be retained while you have an active Altitude Angel Account’. You may update or delete your account at any time by accessing the relevant ‘My account’ or ‘My profile’ screens in the relevant apps or services where available, or by contacting our dedicated Data Protection Team via email to
DataProtection@altitudeangel.com
.
7. How and Where Do We Store Your Data?
7.1
We only keep your personal data for as long as We need to in order to use it as described above in section 6, and/or for as long as We have your permission to keep it.
7.2
If you have indicated during your initial registration that you are a citizen of the European Union, Your data will only be stored within the European Economic Area (“the EEA”). Outside of the European Union, we may store your data in other territories – including inside the EEA – as permitted by local laws.
7.3
Data security is very important to Us, and to protect your data We have taken suitable measures to safeguard and secure data collected through Our Apps or Our Sites.
7.4
Steps We take to secure and protect your data include:
7.4.1
Use of secure data centre facilities
7.4.2
Using industry-standard encryption appropriately, and never creating our own proprietary in-house developed encryption algorithms
7.4.3
Ensuring that only duly authorised employees or contracts are able to access limited elements of our infrastructure
7.4.4
Controlling physical access to our premises and logging visitors
8. Do We Share Your Data?
8.1
Subject to section 8.2,
We will not share any of your data with any third parties for any purposes, without your express permission. At your discretion you can ask us to delegate some or all of the data we hold about You to a 3
rd
party via the 3
rd
party’s application, by signing in to that application with your Altitude Angel ID.
8.1.1
In such cases, you will be explicitly asked whether you wish for Altitude Angel to permit the 3
rd
party’s request for information together with an on-screen description of the data they are requesting us to provide to them on your behalf. Altitude Angel has no control over the 3
rd
party’s subsequent use of any data you authorise us to share with them.
8.1.2
At any time, you can withdraw your permission for the 3
rd
Party to access data stored within your Altitude Angel ID, using the My Profile or My Account screens in Our Apps or Our Websites (where available), or by emailing
DataProtection@altitudeangel.com
and telling us what service you would like to withdraw permission from.
8.1.3
Please note that 8.1.2 will prevent new or updated information from being shared with the 3
rd
party after your request is processed, but will not explicitly delete information already held by the 3
rd
party up to that point. You should review the 3
rd
party’s privacy policy prior to authorising us to share your information with them to check that you are happy to provide it. This does not obligate Altitude Angel to pass data removal requests to those 3
rd
parties on your behalf, although we may do so if we have the ability to automatically pass this request to them via our systems.
8.2
We may compile statistics about the use of Our Apps and Our Sites including data on traffic, usage patterns, user numbers, sales, diagnostic information, screen clicks, mouse movement, searches and more. Save for diagnostic data, which we may hold to help assist us fix a problem you report, we will endeavour to ‘anonymise’ that can be combined with other data We hold and used to identify you. We may from time to time share such data with third parties such as commercial investors, affiliates, partners, and advertisers. Data will only be shared and used within the bounds of the law.
In certain circumstances, We may be legally required to share certain data held by Us, which may include your personal data, for example, where We are involved in legal proceedings, where We are complying with legal requirements, a court order, or a governmental authority.
9. What Happens If Our Business Changes Hands?
9.1
We may, from time to time, expand or reduce Our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Our business. Any personal data that you have provided will, where it is relevant to any part of Our business that is being transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use that data only for the same purposes for which it was originally collected by Us.
9.2
In the event that any of your data is to be transferred in such a manner, you will be contacted in advance and informed of the changes.
10. How Can You Control Your Data?
10.1
In addition to your rights under the GDPR, set out in section 4, when
you submit personal data via Our Apps or Our Sites, you may be given further options to restrict Our use of your data. In particular, We aim to give you strong controls on Our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from Us which you may also do by unsubscribing using the links provided in Our emails
and
at the point of providing your details).
11. Your Right to Withhold Information
11.1
You may access certain areas of Our Apps and Our Sites without providing any data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on Our Site you may be required to provide us with or allow for the collection of certain data.
11.2
You may restrict Our use of Cookies. For more information, see section 13. If you do so, not all of the features on Our Apps or Our Services may work as intended and we shall not be able to warrant their usability or suitability for any specific purpose.
12. How Can You Access Your Data?
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by Us (where such data is held). Under the GDPR, no fee is payable, and We will provide any and all information in response to your request free of charge, electronically. Please contact Us for more details at
DataProtection@altitudeangel.com
, or using the contact details below in section 14.
13. Our Use of Cookies
13.1
Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Apps or Our Sites and to provide and improve Our products and services. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.
13.2
By using Our Apps or Our Sites, you may also receive certain third-party Cookies on your computer or device. Third party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than Us. Third Party Cookies are used on Our Apps and Our Sites for us to improve the Website and the products and services offered based on how Users use Our Sites or Our Apps. For more details, please refer to section 6, above, and to section 13.6 below. These Cookies are not integral to the functioning of Our Apps and Our Sites and your use and experience of Our Apps and Our Sites will not be impaired by refusing consent to them.
13.3
All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law.
13.4
Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a prompt requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling Us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of Our Apps and Our Sites may not function fully or as intended.
13.5
Certain features of Our Apps and Our Sites depend on Cookies to function. Cookie Law deems these Cookies to be “strictly necessary”. These Cookies are shown below in section 13.6. Your consent will not be sought to place these Cookies, but it is still important that you are aware of them. You may still block these Cookies by changing your internet browser’s settings as detailed below in section 13.7, but please be aware that Our Apps or Our Sites may not work properly if you do so. We have taken great care to ensure that your privacy is not at risk by allowing them.
13.6
The following first party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Name of Cookie
Purpose
Strictly Necessary
cookiesDirective
Records whether or not you have seen our EU Cookies Directive warning
Yes
AspNet.Application.Cookie
This cookie is required in order to maintain your logged-in user session
When logged-in
and the following third-party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Name of Cookie(s)
Provider
Purpose
ai_user and ai_authUse
Microsoft
Set by Microsoft Application Insights to enable us to perform user analytics and provide technical support.
_ga, _gat and _gid
Google
This cookie is set by Google Analytics and allows us to gather usage information for the purposes of marketing and service improvement
ai_session
Microsoft
This cookie is set by Microsoft Application Insights, a tool we use for monitoring our Website for faults. This cookie helps us to determine if a specific user has faults, so we can provide a better support experience.
_hs_initial_opt_in
_hs_opt_out
_hssc
_hssrc
_hstc
Hubspot
HubSpot is the platform this website is built on. The cookies HubSpot uses are for tracking purposes to improve our services to you through the use of this website, email communication and other media.
13.7
In addition to the controls that We provide, you
can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all cookies or only third-party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies, but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
13.8
You can choose to delete Cookies on your computer or device at any time, however you may lose any information that enables you to access Our Site more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, login and personalisation settings.
13.9
It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser and manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
14. Contacting Us
If you have any questions about Our Sites, Our Apps or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us by email at
DataProtection@altitudeangel.com
by telephone on 0118 3913503, or by post at The Blade, Abbey Square, Reading, RG1 3BE. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the data we hold about you (as under section 12, above).
If available, it is generally recommended to contact us using the in-app or My Account/My Profile sections of Our Sites or Apps, as we can use the electronic signature of your Altitude Angel ID to verify that the correct security credentials were entered for security purposes.
If you write to us via any other mechanism, we may need extra time to verify your identity to safeguard your data and privacy.
15. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time (for example, if the law changes). Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Sites and Our Apps and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Apps or Our Sites following the alterations. We also recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
Policy updated: 10/07/2024