Privacy Policy for Record it!
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Record it! does not collect any user recording, including personal and non-personal information. Record it! does not collect, backup or save video recordings in external servers. Every recording is store locally, in the app.
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
AdMob
YOUTUBE UPLOAD
Record it! allows the user to login using their Google credentials to upload a video to YouTube directly from the app. We do not store, collect or save any user information and we do not modify, comment or delete any user information from YouTube. When the user logs in using their Google credentials, we upload the video to YouTube in the user's behalf.
For more information on the terms and conditions of the YouTube API please follow this link:
https://developers.google.com/youtube/terms/api-services-terms-of-service
THIRD PARTY APPS / LINKS
Record it! does not have links or promotion to other apps
SECURITY
Record it! stores the recorder video on your device, to be able to export it. After the video is shared or exported, user can keep an offline copy or deleted it.
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.
            The User is aware of the fact that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System Logs and Maintenance
This Application does not collect any personal data.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
The rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller erase the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
Information about this privacy policy
The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules provided by Iubenda and hosted on Iubenda's servers.