Privacy Policy
Summary of how we use your data
QuinnBet uses your personal data to provide you with QuinnBet and partner services and other offerings, to administer and manage your online and offline relationships with QuinnBet, to manage the safety and security of our premises and systems, to comply with our legal obligations and to analyse, research and assess the performance of our services and content. Some of this information will be provided by you, and others will be generated by QuinnBet or provided by third parties. Where we process your health data as part of the processing, we based this on your consent or, where this is a valid alternative, for the purposes of safeguarding your economic wellbeing or establishing our legal rights. We share information with a number of third parties, including our suppliers and affiliates, gambling regulators, self-exclusion schemes, law enforcement bodies and sports governing bodies. The circumstances in which we will share your data are set out in more detail in the notice below.
Our website may provide interactive features that engage with social media sites, such as Youtube, Meta and X. If you use these features, these sites will send us personal data about you. We also make use of cookies to analyse the use of our site, allow us to carry out appropriate advertising and help us to improve our site and services.
Where we rely on your consent, such as for direct marketing purposes, you can withdraw this consent at any time.
Our main privacy policy sets out more details of this processing, including details of your data protection rights, including your right to object to certain processing.
What does this notice cover?
This notice describes how QuinnBet (Gibraltar) Limited and Belbridge Consultancy Limited (“
QuinnBet
”, “
we
”, “
us
”) will make use of your data on QuinnBet’s website and during any other interaction with QuinnBet online and offline except where you are an employee of QuinnBet (where you should refer to QuinnBet’s employee privacy notice). You may also receive more specific notices from time to time where appropriate.
This notice addresses the processing of personal data relating to:
your use of our products and services;
your interactions with us via our website, platforms and portals, correspondence or social media platforms;
your attendance at our premises;
your engagement with QuinnBet if you, or your employer, supplies, or partners with QuinnBet
our direct marketing to you.
This notice also describes your data protection rights, including your right to object to some of the processing which QuinnBet carries out. More information about your rights, and how to exercise them, is set out in the “What rights do I have?” section.
What categories of personal data do we collect?
We
collect and process personal data about you when you interact with us in the ways described above.  This includes:
Identification data:
your name, username and password, gender, age/date of birth;
Contact details:
your home address, email address and phone number;
Payment details:
including billing addresses, debit card details and bank details;
Account information:
your betting, gaming and payment history on our service, your winnings and any other transaction or correspondence relating to your account, except where described in another category below;.
KYC, due diligence and safer gambling data:
copies of your identification documentation, including documentation to prove your age and identity, and information related to the source and extent of your finances or other information we collect which enables us to comply with our regulatory obligations to monitor and interact with customers to minimise gambling related harm;
Gambling intelligence data:
details obtained by us or shared with us relating to your involvement in or connection to any event or sport on which we have offered a product, or other intelligence which might affect our decision to offer you our services or which might demonstrate a fraudulent use of our services;
Vulnerability data:
details of any vulnerability you or a third party may disclose to us, including health conditions that might pose a risk to your economic wellbeing.
Profile, analytics and usage data:
including your preferences in receiving marketing information from us, your communication preferences and information about how you use our website and services, including the services you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs) and detail of the pages you have visited prior to and following visits to our website.
Technical data:
including information collected during your visits to our website, the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login data, browser type and version, device type, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
Application-related information
: information related to your application for a role with QuinnBet, including you curriculum vitae (CV), cover letter, employment history, education history, qualifications and skills, reference contact information, position preferences, willingness to relocate, desired salary, interests and aspirations, background screening information if relevant, immigration status, and information about your entitlement to work;
CCTV:
we collect CCTV footage for health, safety and security reasons at our premises and this could include images of you;
Employment and business information
: your position and employer, your work contact details and your interaction with us in your role, including information provided in the course of the contractual or client relationship between you or your organisation and QuinnBet, or otherwise voluntarily provided by you or your organisation;
Communications content:
any other information you may provide in your communications with us.
We collect most of this information from you directly. For example, data is collected through communications you send, your use of your account or your interaction with QuinnBet. We also generate or collect information about you ourselves. In an online context, much of this is in our cookies information below. Where you apply for a role, data is collected through application forms and documents you submit to us.
Sometimes, we receive information about you from third parties. In particular:
Publicly available sources:
we may obtain information about you from publicly available sources, including media searches and official sources as necessary for the purposes identified below, particularly in verifying your identity and meeting our legal and regulatory obligations, including our obligations to carry out appropriate due diligence and ensure responsible gambling;
Law enforcement, sports bodies and self-exclusion schemes:
we receive information about individuals from police, sports governing bodies, self-exclusion scheme operators or other stakeholders, particularly where they recommend or require us to ban you from using our services.
Social media sites:
if you participate in activities on non-QuinnBet websites or apps - such as participating in a Meta, LinkedIn, X or Google applications - you may allow us to have access to personal data held by Meta, LinkedIn, X or Google, or other site or app owners.
Third party advertising partners:
we will both share data with and receive data from our third-party advertising partners.
Why we collect use and store this personal data
We are required to have a lawful basis to process your data. We explain each of these legal bases below. We also set out the purposes for which we process your data. For each purpose, we explain the lawful basis for that processing, the processing operations that we carry out and the categories of data that we process.
Legal bases relied on by QuinnBet for processing described in this notice
Consent
– sometimes we ask for your consent to use your data.
Contract
– if we have an agreement in place with you, for example where you have placed a bet through your accounts, we may process your data where it is necessary for us to meet our obligations or enforce our rights under the contract.
Legitimate interest
– we can process your data when this is necessary for us to achieve a
business purpose, or where this is necessary for someone else to achieve their purpose. We explain below what interests we, or others, are trying to achieve when we process your data. Where we process personal data on the basis of a legitimate interest, then we consider what the impact of the processing will be on affected individuals and to determine whether those individuals’ interests outweigh our interests in the processing taking place.
Legal obligation
– we have obligations to comply with legal and regulatory requirements under various applicable laws, including the conditions of our gambling licence. In certain cases, we have to use your data to meet these obligations.
Purposes
We process this personal data for the following purposes:
Fulfil a contract with you (contract)
Where you place a bet using our services or enter a competition we run, we have to fulfil a contract, or take steps linked to a contract. This means that we collect and use your personal data to:
Take/make payments;
communicate with you;
provide customer services and arrange the delivery or other provision of winnings or other services;
manage our contractual relationship with you.
To do this we use your identification data, contact details, payment details, account information, KYC, due diligence, safer gambling data and vulnerability data. This information may be shared with certain third parties to help us achieve this purpose. For example, data and website hosts, sportsbook and gambling service providers, payment providers and courier services.
Verifying information and meeting our licence obligations (legal obligation)
We are required to carry out various verifications, due diligence and safer gambling checks in order to comply with the legal obligations imposed by the licences we hold with gambling regulators. Some of these checks are carried out at the point you open an account, and other checks may be carried out during the lifetime of your use of our services, including monitoring your use of your accounts through manual and automated reviews to seek to minimise the risk of gambling harm. We also process information we receive from self-exclusion schemes for this purpose. We take our social responsibility and our commitment to responsible gambling very seriously and we are required to monitor and interact with customers where we consider that someone is at risk of harm so that we can intervene at an early stage to provide them with support and direct them to sources of help.
To do this, we use your identification data, contact details, payment details, account information, gambling intelligence data, KYC, due diligence, safer gambling data, and vulnerability data. Where we process your health data as part of the processing, we based this on your consent or, where this is a valid alternative, for the purposes of safeguarding your economic wellbeing or to establish our legal rights.
This information may be shared with third-party suppliers, affiliates and regulatory authorities.
Preventing fraud and providing information to appropriate third parties (legitimate interests)
We have an interest in carrying out ongoing analysis of the use of our services and the gathering of wider intelligence related to gambling markets in order to prevent fraud and to assist sporting governing bodies in relation to their investigation of the breach of sporting rules. To do this we use your identification data, contact details, payment details, account information, gambling intelligence data and KYC, due diligencediligence, and safer gambling data.
This information may be shared with third-party suppliers and affiliates, for example, if you provide a debit card as payment, we use third parties to check the validity of the sort code, account number and card number you submit in order to prevent fraud. We may also share information with relevant third-party stakeholders where this is warranted based on the intelligence or information collected, such as sports governing bodies, gaming bodies, international federations, law enforcement and gambling regulators, debt recovery companies and other similar bodies. Where necessary, we share your data with Credit Reference Agencies or fraud prevention agencies, which keep a record of that information and make it available to other organisations to use in credit decisions, identification check and fraud detection and prevention.
Managing our business, site and services, personalising our services, engaging with, protecting and understanding our customers (legitimate interests, consent for certain cookie related processing)
We have an interest in operating our site and events and ensuring our services are being offered in the best way. This means we collect, analyse and use your data to:
provide products and services you have requested, and respond to any comments or complaints you may send us;
better safeguard you and our other customers by learning about patterns of problematic gambling behaviour;
analyse our interactions to better understand our fans and stakeholders;
monitor use of our website and online services, and use your information to help us monitor, improve and protect our products, content, services and website, both online and offline;
record calls made to and from QuinnBet and use this information for training and monitoring purposes and to provide evidence in relation to any disputes or complaints;
personalise our website, products or services for you;
carry out market research; and
investigate any complaints received from you or from others, about our website or our products or services
Cookies are small files that a website stores on your computer or device and that your browser provides to that same website each time you visit it. QuinnBet uses cookies to improve the browsing experience, manage access to specific content and also to measure and analyse how QuinnBet’s website is used. QuinnBet also makes use of cookies for advertising purposes. Where this processing involves reliance upon cookies which are not strictly necessary to operate our services or limited to appropriate pseudonymous audience measurement, we seek your consent.
This processing involves your identification data, contact details, profile analytics and usage data and technical data, employment and business data and communication content.
This information may be shared with certain third parties to help us achieve this purpose including IT and marketing and market research services providers, those providers who assist us in putting on our offline events and competitions and our professional advisors. Information processed in relation to cookies may be shared with ad-tech vendors and partners. Where you engage with a social network through our website, or reach our website from a social network, we may share personal data with that social network.
Direct marketing (legitimate interests or, where required, your consent)
We use your data to send you direct marketing about QuinnBet, our relevant products and services, or other products and services provided by us, our affiliates and carefully selected partners. We will do this on the basis of our legitimate interest in promoting QuinnBet, our partners and products and services, unless we are legally required to seek your consent. We will also use the data we hold to ensure we do not contact those who should be excluded from our marketing. To do this we use your identification data, contact details, your profile, analytics and usage data, employment and business information, technical data, KYC, due diligence, safer gambling data and vulnerability data.
This information is shared with certain third parties to help us achieve this purpose such as IT service providers and marketing service providers. We also share information with our affiliates commercial partners where permitted by your consent or otherwise permitted by law.
Managing concerns around security (legitimate interests)
We have an interest in ensuring everyone that accesses our website or attends our premises are kept safe and that we maintain security across our offerings. This means we collect, analyse and use your data to:
monitor customer accounts to prevent, investigate and/or report fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime, in accordance with applicable law;
we use CCTV and other security measures to protect the safety of those at our premises or events, to provide evidence in relation to incidents taking place at our premises or events and to prevent and detect unlawful activity.
use data in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes as necessary (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation).
To do this we use your identification details, your technical data, communications content, employment and business information and CCTV footage as appropriate.
This information may be shared with certain third parties to help us achieve this purpose including our relevant third-party service providers such as event organisers and security providers, IT service providers, our professional advisers, relevant regulators, government authorities and/or law enforcement officials.
Compliance with law – (legal obligation)
In addition to the gambling specific obligations outlined above, we process your data where necessary to comply with a legal obligation. We have a legal obligation to:
respond to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation; and
keep certain records for health and safety purposes and in relation to purchases madedeposits made and website activity;
We may have additional legal obligations that arise from time to time. We may use any of the information outlined in this policy as necessary to comply with our specific legal obligations.
This information may be shared with certain third parties to help us achieve this purpose. For example, other companies in the QuinnBet group, data and website hosts, relevant regulators, government authorities and/or law enforcement officials.
Processing your job application (legitimate interests)
We collect and use your personal data to process your application. We store, and where needed, update, your personal information to make informed decisions on recruitment and assess your suitability for the role, to communicate with you about your application, to respond to your inquiries and schedule interviews, and to reimburse you for any agreed expenses incurred in the application process.
We have an interest in carrying out appropriate checks to verify the information provided by candidates. We verify the details you have supplied and, where applicable, conduct pre-employment background checks.
To do this we use your identification data, contact details and application related information.
This information will be shared with companies that assist us with recruitment and provide IT system or support. We also share information with our professional advisers as required.
Business interests (legitimate interests)
We have an interest in protecting our business interests and legal rights, including, use in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, auditing, investigative and disciplinary purposes and ethics and compliance reporting requirements. We may also use your information where necessary to protect the security of our premises, assets, systems, and intellectual property and enforce company policies, including protecting ourselves from fraud and verifying the individuals with which we interact as appropriate.
To do this, we store, use and may transmit any of the information identified in this notice.
This information will be shared with companies who assist us with relevant processing, including IT service providers. We also share information with legal and other professional advisers as required.
Withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct marketing
Wherever we rely on your consent, you can always withdraw that consent. In some cases, we are able to send you direct marketing without your consent, where we rely on our legitimate interests.  You have an absolute right to opt-out of direct marketing, or profiling, which we carry out for direct marketing, at any time. You can do this by following the instructions in the communication where this is an electronic message, or by contacting us using the details set out below.
Who will we share this data with, where and when?
Personal data will primarily be processed by employees in our Human Resources, IT and finance, and facilities departments.
We will share information with relevant third parties, such as law enforcement bodies, financial institutions, debt recovery bodies, gambling regulators, and gaming or sports governing bodies, where this is the appropriate outcome following of an investigation which we have carried out or following a request which we have received.
Personal data may also be shared with gambling regulators, government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if mandated by law or if required for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws.
Personal data will also be shared with other third-party service providers, who will process it on behalf of QuinnBet for the purposes identified above. Such third parties include providers of website hosting, marketing suppliers, security services, maintenance, call centre operations and identity checking. Some of our suppliers may be separate data controllers, and may provide you with their own privacy notice where appropriate.
We may share personal data in connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.
Where information is transferred outside of Gibraltar, the EEA, or the UK, and where this is to a stakeholder or vendor in a country that is not subject to a valid adequacy decision, data is adequately protected by approved standard contractual clauses, or a vendor's Processor Binding Corporate Rules.  A copy of the relevant mechanism can be provided for your review on request by contacting us using the details set out below.
What rights do I have?
You have the right to
ask us for a copy
of your personal data; to
correct
,
delete
or
restrict
(stop any active) processing of your personal data; and to
obtain the personal data you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine-readable format
.
In addition, you can
object to the processing
of your personal data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, or where we are using the data for direct marketing).
You have the right to withdraw your consent, where we are relying on it to use your personal data (for example, to provide you with marketing information about our services or products).
These
rights may be limited
, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where it would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. Relevant exemptions are included in applicable law. We will inform you of relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make.
To exercise any of these rights, you can get in touch with us – or our data protection officer – using the details set out below. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the
right to complain
to an appropriate data protection regulator.
Data that is mandatory is indicated on relevant forms that you complete. Where provision of data is mandatory, if relevant data is not provided, then we will not be able to fulfil your requests to register, make a deposit or otherwise engage with QuinnBet. All other provision of your information is optional.
Which QuinnBet entity is the controller for my data?
Where you were a customer of QuinnBet prior to 1 March 2023, and you have not consented to the transfer of your customer account to QuinnBet (Gibraltar) Limited, then the controller for all of the processing still continuing in relation to your data is Belbridge Consultancy Limited.
In all other cases, and where you are a visitor to the QuinnBet website, the controller for your data is QuinnBet (Gibraltar) Limited.
How do I get in touch with you?
We hope that we can satisfy any queries you may have about the way we process your data. If you have any concerns about how we process your data, you can get in touch at
dataprotection@quinnbet.com
and our data protection officer will respond to your query. You can also contact each QuinnBet controller at the following postal addresses:
QuinnBet Gibraltar Limited:
71b Main Street, Gibraltar, GX11 1AA
Belbridge Consultancy Limited
Unit 12, Kilmore Business Park, Dublin Road, Cavan, Co Cavan, H12 X449
How long will you retain my data?
QuinnBet will retain and process personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements and, where required for us to assert or defend against legal claims, until the end of the relevant limitation period or until the claims in question have been settled. Subject to us not having a legal or regulator requirement or a risk management reason for retaining your data for a longer period, your information will not be kept for longer than 6 years after you have closed your account. Please note that we may be required in certain circumstances to retain your information indefinitely (for example, under our procedures on responsible gambling and self-exclusion).
Where we process personal data to meet legal requirements, we hold this for as long as the law requires. There may be situations where we anonymise personal data rather than delete it.
Updates to this privacy notice
We reserve the right to update this privacy notice at any time, and we will provide you with a new privacy notice when we make any substantial updates. We may also notify you in other ways from time to time about the processing of your personal information.
Account Transfer Consent
From 1st March 2023, QuinnBet.com will be operated by QuinnBet (Gibraltar) Limited, an entity licenced and regulated by the Government of Gibraltar, under company registration number 122617 and regulated by the Gibraltar Gambling Commission under licence numbers RGL143 and RGL144. QuinnBet (Gibraltar) Limited is also regulated by the UK Gambling Commission under account number
61011
and by the Irish Revenue Commissioners under licence number 1019644.
As a result of the changes, when you login to your account from the 1st March 2023, you will be prompted with a notification asking you to read and confirm that you are happy with our new
Terms and Conditions
and this
Privacy Policy
and that you consent to the transfer of your account and associated data to QuinnBet (Gibraltar) Limited as per the below
Account Transfer Consent
.
I am happy to transfer my account and its associated data to QuinnBet Gibraltar Limited. I agree that my account, including my customer balance and any bonus funds, and all the personal data connected with my account, including any health data Belbridge Consultancy Limited holds about me, can transfer to QuinnBet Gibraltar Limited to allow me to continue to use QuinnBet’s services. I understand that I am free to withhold my consent, and to seek the return of any outstanding balance and the eventual closing of my account with Belbridge Consultancy Limited. Where I remain a customer with Belbridge Consultancy Limited, it may continue to market QuinnBet’s services to me where permitted by law. I understand that more information about the use of my data, and my data protection rights, can be found in the QuinnBet
Privacy Policy
.
Once you have agreed to the new terms and conditions, privacy policy and account transfer to QuinnBet (Gibraltar) Limited, it’s business as usual, you will be able to access everything you could before in your account. Your account balance, open bets and pending withdrawals will transfer to QuinnBet (Gibraltar) Limited.
You are free to withold consent, but will be unable to access our services in the future. Please let our customer support team know via Live Chat or email to
dataprotection@quinnbet.com
. Our customer support team will return your account balance and process any withdrawals.  If you have an account balance or open bets these will transfer to QuinnBet (Gibraltar) Limited to process any outstanding repayment due to you.
Our data protection  team will be more than happy to answer any further questions you may have. You can contact us via  email to
dataprotetion@quinnbet.com
. We look forward to assisting you.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://quinnbet.com/policy/privacy-policy:
