Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Site Report Pro (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the website (the “Website”) and the Site Report Pro mobile application (the “App”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Website or our App.
We use your data to provide and improve the Website. By using the Website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
Types of Data Collected
App: User Data
The App is a stand-alone application that operates on Apple’s iOS operating system and devices.  All App user data is stored entirely within the App on the device upon which the App is installed.  No user data is shared with any external service (including Apple’s iCloud) or devices, unless the user explicitly and manually exports their data, or utilises an automatic backup service (e.g. Apple’s iCloud Backup).  User data stored within the App is secured in accordance with Apple’s encryption and data protection policies.
Website: Personal Data
While using our Website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data
Device information
Website: Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Website or when you access the Website by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Website by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Website: Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Website and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amounts of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Website.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Website.
This Website uses session and site analytics cookies only.
By using our Website you agree to us placing these sorts of cookies on your device and accessing them when you visit the site in the future.  If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, the ‘help’ section in your browser should provide instructions on how to locate and delete the cookies.
Website: Use of Data
Site Report Pro uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Website
To monitor the usage of the Website
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Website: Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United Kingdom and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United Kingdom and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Site Report Pro will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Website: Disclosure of Data –
Legal Requirements
Site Report Pro may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Site Report Pro
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Website
To protect the personal safety of users of the Website or the public
To protect against legal liability
Website: Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Website: Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Website (“Service Providers”), to provide the Website on our behalf, to perform Website-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Website is used.
Website: Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Website.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Website. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Website: Links To Other Sites
Our Website may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Website: Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
info@sitereportpro.co.uk