Thinkware Privacy Policy
Thank you for using our services. When you use our services, you trust us with your information.
This Privacy Policy helps you understand what information we collect, why and what we do
with it. Please take time to read through it carefully. Here, you will find information on how to
manage your information and protect your privacy.
We work hard to protect your private information and improve such protection. Therefore, this
Privacy Policy is updated from time to time. Our Apps downloaded from the AppStore usually
contain the most recent version of this Privacy Policy. You may read the most recent version
of this Privacy Policy at our website: http://member.thinkware.co.kr/Info/AgreementResult?terms_
idx=35. This Privacy Policy is last updated as of November 2, 2017.
1 Privacy Policy
When you choose to use Thinkware Cloud Service, you can easily store your location-related
information and share with people you care where you are, and if anything happened to you or
your car. In this Privacy Policy, we want to explain clearly how we use the data and how you can
protect your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains:
- What information we collect and why,
- How we use that information, and
- The choices you can make on the provision and retention of that information.
We want to make this Privacy Policy as simple and clear as possible. Your privacy matters to us.
Please take time to understand our practices.
2 Information we collect
We collect information to provide people you care about with information on your location,
particularly if you have entered a zone you defined and if anything happened to you or your car.
We collect information in the following manner:
2.1 Information you provide: You may need to sign up for a Thinkware Cloud Account.
When you do, you’ll provide personal information like your name, email address and/or telephone
number.
2.2 Information we get from your device: We collect device-specific information from
Thinkware devices (such as the unique device identifiers of the dashcam/blackbox hardware) and
from the mobile phone (such as the MAC address, UUID (in case of iOS) or Android Id (in case
of Android OS) and/or the telephone number). We may associate such device identifiers, MAC
address, UUID or Android Id and/or telephone number with your Thinkware Cloud Account.
We also may collect and process information about your actual location. We may use various
technologies to determine the location of the device such as GPS, IP address, W-Fi access points
and cell towers.
We may collect the hardware sensor values such as the battery voltage value and the shock value
(G-fence shock value) from your dashcam/blackbox device to determine if anything unusual
happened to you.
Out of box, our dashcam/blackbox device gathers the location information and hardware sensor
values every 2 seconds. The device stores these data for 1 day. If you use Thinkware Cloud Service
and enable uploading through your cell phone, those data will be uploaded to our Thinkware
Cloud Server. The Cloud Server will preserve the data for 30 days.
You may elect to delete those information we collect. For more information, see Section, Transparency
and choice, below.
3 How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect to store them for giving notices, to give notice of what is
happening to you or your car to the people you care about (only after such person makes a
registration), and to improve our services. We do not use them for any other purpose (such
as advertisements) or provide to any other person unless you specifically designate them as
recipient of the events or required by law.
The choice of who receives an event notification is completely up to you. Unless required by law
or a government agency, we will respect the choices you make on how the information is given to
persons other than you.
We will keep a record of your choices and consents, as well as your communication with us to
help solve any issues you may have. We may use your email address and/or telephone number to
inform you about our services, such as changes or improvements to the services. We may store
some additional information such as language preferences and the country in which you drive
your car to improve our services.
We will not collect, use or associate an identifier with sensitive information such as information
on your race, religion, sexual orientation or health. We will collect only the minimum personal
identifier information for our service.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set
out in this Privacy Policy.
We may process information on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process
your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live. Currently, all
login-related information is stored and processed in Korea, and all other information (such as
location information) is stored and processed in the United States of America.
4 Transparency and choice
Thinkware wishes to be clear about what information we collect and store so that you can make
meaningful choices about how such data is used. You can:
- Review and update to who an event notification is sent when an event occurs such as when
your car enters a predefined zone, violently stops or accelerates or voltage value of the
device fluctuates abruptly, suggesting an important event occurred with your car.
- Review and update the device information, email address and/or telephone number linked
to your account.
- Delete the data stored in our Thinkware Cloud Server.
5 Information you share
We will gather minimum personal identifier information to enable our services, and to prevent
divulging your sensitive personal identifier information to an unauthorized person.
6 Accessing and updating your personal information
When you use our services, we will provide you with access to your personal information. If
the information is wrong, we will give you ways to update it quickly or delete it, unless we have
to keep that information for legitimate business or legal reasons. When you are updating your
personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity and the ownership of the product
before we can act on your request.
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical
effort (such as fundamentally changing an existing practice or developing a new system), risk
the privacy of others, or are extremely impractical (such as requesting information on a backup
system).
Unless providing information access and control require a disproportionate effort, we will do it
for free. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental
or malicious destruction. For this reason, if you delete information from our services, we may
not immediately delete copies from our servers and may not remove information from our
backup systems.
7 Information we share
We do not share your personal and/or location information with companies, organizations and
individuals outside of Thinkware unless:
7.1 According to your request and/or consent: We will share personal information with
companies, organizations or individuals outside of Thinkware when you request, or consent
to such sharing. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of sensitive personal and location
information.
7.2 For external processing: We may provide personal and location information to our
affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us according to our instructions
and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security
measures. When practical, we may remove from, or unlink the location information from, the
sensitive personal information.
7.3 For legal reasons: We will share personal information with companies, organizations and
individuals outside of Thinkware if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or
disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
- meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request,
- enforce applicable terms of service, including investigation of potential violations,
- detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or
- protect against harm the rights, property or safety of Thinkware, our users or the public as
required or permitted by law.
We may share non-personally identifiable information (or after unlinking other data from the
personally identifiable information) publicly and with our affiliates, partners or connected sites.
For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our
services.
If Thinkware is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the
confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information
is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
8 Information security
We promise to work hard to protect Thinkware and our users from unauthorized access to or
alternation, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. For that purpose, we may use the
following methods:
- Encryption of personally identifiable information using SSL,
- Field encryption for transmission of personally identifiable information using AES128
algorithm,
- Separation of security server/firewall for access to servers storing personally identifiable
information,
- Storage of personally identifiable information in a physically separate server,
- Additional approval procedure for acess to servers storing personally identifiable information
for administrative purposes,
- Review of our information collection, storage and processing practices including physical
security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems, and/or
- Restriction of access to personal information to Thinkware employees, contractors and
agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject
to strict professional or contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined
or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
9 When this Privacy Policy applies
Thinkware Privacy Policy applies when you elect to use our services such as Thinkware Cloud
Service, but does not apply when using a service that has separate privacy policies that do not
incorporate this Privacy Policy.
Thinkware Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals
that may include Thinkware services, or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy
does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who may use our
services or incorporate our services in their own services.
10 Compliance and cooperation with regulatory authorities
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. When we receive formal complaints,
we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We will work with the appropriate
regulatory authorities when necessary, including local data protection authorities, to
resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our
users directly.
11 Changes
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this
Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on our
website mentioned above and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent
notice (including email notification of privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of
this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.