IMPORTANT PRIVACY INFORMATION
What you need to know before using the Lure mobile application. Automatically, we collect from your device IP address, language settings, time zone, type and model of the device you use in accessing our app, device settings, operating system, Internet service provider, mobile carrier, hardware ID, and other unique identifiers (such as IDFA). This privacy statement describes how we ("Lure", "we", "we,'' "our") collect, use, process and disclose your personal information in combination with the access and use of our App and services or other means connected to the app (such as communicating with users, analyze how our customers use the App, to serve ads).
To improve the App and serving ads, Lure may share this information with third parties. Such parties include
Facebook, Google,
Branch, Amplitude, RevenueCat & Fabric.. As a result of sharing this data with third parties we (1) analyze different interactions (what stories are the most popular among the users, etc.); (2) serve ads. Please read carefully to know more about how we share and use your data.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us
Privacy Policy
We know the value of protecting your privacy and data protection rights. The Internet is a compelling medium when it comes to transmitting personal information; For this reason, we and all other companies that belong to the Lure are seriously committed to respecting the laws concerning the security of personal data and their security, to guarantee a safe, controlled and confidential navigation. For its users who visit or use the App (You as a "user").
Reference to "GDPR" means the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data; and "EEA" is a reference that includes all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
MODIFICATION
YOUR CONSENT
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
WHY WE COLLECT AND PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
LEGAL REASONS FOR HANDLING OF YOUR INFORMATION
CONSENT
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
DATA RETENTION
DATA TRANSFERS
SAFETY
HOW YOU CAN EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
MARKETING AND OPTING-OUT
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
DO NOT TRACK
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY
CONTACT US
MODIFICATION
From time to time, we may change the Privacy Statement. You are responsible for periodically reviewing this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the app after the posting of changes to the Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of these changes. Unless we give you a specific notice, no change in our Privacy Policy will apply retroactively.
CONSENT
Before we can process your data, we will ask you to agree to certain processing activities. Please note that if you have previously expressed your consent, you may withdraw freely at any time by forwarding an email to us. If you reverse your approval, and if we have no other legal grounds for the processing, we will manage your data. Please note that if we need to use your personal information to operate the app or provide our services, but you have discussed or disagree with us to handle your personal information, app or our services may become inaccessible to you.
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
Information We Collect
When you visit or use our app or any of our services, we may collect the following categories of information:
Personal data provided by you directly to us
This app does not collect personally identifiable information from your computer when you browse the app and request pages from our servers. This means that, unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us with personally identifiable information when contacting us, we will not know your name, your email address, or any other personally identifiable information.
Information we receive about you from other sources.
We obtain information about you in a number of ways through your use of our services, including through our app, news and updates subscribe, and from information provided in the course of on-going support service communications. We also receive information about you from third parties. For example: Advertising networks, analytics providers and search information providers may provide us with anonymized or de-identified information about you, such as confirming how you found our app.
Other information
Other information is all information that does not specifically identify you and is collected through technology, including tracking information collected by third parties. Other information includes:
Information on your computer, mobile device or other device used to access the Services, such as the type and brand of the device, the operating system, the unique device identifiers, the browser type, the browser's client ID, the language of the browser, the Internet service provider;
Information about the use of our Services, such as the reading history of the pages you visit;
Additional traffic data, such as access time, visitor identification, traffic channel, traffic source, average traffic, campaign name, access date, software error reports, identification number of the session, access and the addresses of the reference site;
Location data, such as your IP address, geolocation information (longitude and latitude); Lure
may use and store data about your location if you give us consent to do so ("Location Data"). We use this data to provide the functionality of our service, to improve and personalize our services.
You can enable or disable location services when using our service at any time through your device settings.
Demographic data and other information provided by you that does not reveal your specific identity;
Other information that has been added in a way that no longer reveals your specific identity.
Device Information
Some information, such as MAC address (Media Access Control), computer type (Windows or Mac), screen resolution, operating system name, and version, etc.are automatically collected from most browsers or from the device. The manufacturer and model of the device, the language, the type of Internet browser, and the name and version of the service you are using. We use this information to make sure that the service works correctly.
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our service or when you access the service via a mobile device ("Data usage"). This usage data may include information such as the computer's IP address (eg IP address), browser type, browser version, service pages you visit, date and time of the visit, time dedicated to these pages, exclusive information. Device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When accessing the service, usage data can include information such as the type of mobile device being used, the unique ID of the mobile device, the IP address of the mobile device, the mobile operating system, type of mobile Internet browser that uses unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
IP Address
As mentioned above, we collect and save the IP address of your device. Your internet service provider will automatically assign your IP address to your computer. The IP address represents the device's general location (city, state, country, and continent) when accessing the service. We can use the IP address of your device to:
Customize offers and promotions for our services and special events.
Customize the ads you receive.
Optimize our products, services, and operations.
Detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Identify the country in which you are located in order to assess your legal obligations. AND
Run site user statistics, demographics, and marketing analytics.
Other Partners
We may receive information about you from our partners, for instance where Lure ads are published on a partner’s websites and platforms (in which case they may pass along details on a campaign’s success).
WHY WE COLLECT AND PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We are extremely serious about your privacy and use your personal information, except for legal reasons and in accordance with the law on the protection of personal data, for purposes such as:
to ensure that the content of our site & mobile app is displayed on your device in the most effective way;
to fulfill our obligations under any agreements entered into between you and RepresentLY.
keep our app safe and secure;
to inform you about changes to our Services;
respond to and manage any comments, questions or complaints you have about the app and our services, as well as comments, requests or similar complaints from other users;
conduct research, statistical and behavioral analysis;
Address ongoing or alleged misbehavior on and off-platform
Perform data analysis to better understand and design countermeasures against these activities
to manage our app and for domestic operations, including diagnostics, data analysis, testing, research, research purposes, and statistical use.
to provide suggestions and recommendations to you and other customers of our our about services that may be of interest to you or others.
To provide news, special offers and general information about other products, services, and events we offer similar to those you have already requested unless you have opted out of receiving this information
Legal Reasons for Handling of your Information
We can only manage your personal information by having a certain legal basis for that purpose (ie "legal basis" in terms of GDPR). For the purposes of this policy, our legal basis for the processing of personal data is:
your consent is required for certain types of processing (for example, for direct marketing);
our legitimate interest in:
providing quality customer support.
to fulfill a legal obligation.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will disclose your personal information collected through the Services to other companies as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose personal information collected by you to our parent companies, subsidiaries, and affiliates.
We provide personal information collected by you to companies that provide assistance services or perform functions on our behalves, such as marketing, analysis and customer service delivery. These companies may need personal information to carry out their tasks.
We may disclose personal information collected by you if required by law or in good faith, believing that such action is necessary to (a) comply with applicable law or comply with legal process; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the Services or our users and (c) act in emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of our employees, agents or contractors, or our parent companies, affiliates or subsidiaries, Users of the Services or the public.
We will disclose or transfer personal information to third parties in the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or part of our activities, activities or actions (also in relation to any bankruptcy proceedings or similar). These third parties may include, for example, a purchasing entity and its consultants.
We may disclose personal information to third parties to help us determine how people use parts of the Services in order to improve our Services and develop new product offerings. We may provide personal information about our users collectively use the Services in aggregate form for our service providers and other third parties.
Using the Services, you may choose to disclose personal information:
In the contact forms and other services for which it is possible to publish information and content.
Pay attention to what you disclose and do not disclose any personal information that you plan to keep confidential.
With your consent or at your request
We may ask for your consent to share your information with third parties. In any such case, we will make it clear why we want to share the information. We may use and share non-personal information (meaning information that, by itself, does not identify who you are such as device information, general demographics, general behavioral data, geolocation in de-identified form), as well as personal information in hashed, non-human readable form, under any of the above circumstances. We may also share this information with other third parties to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our services and on websites of third parties and to analyze and report on advertising you see.
DATA RETENTION
Lure will store your personal data only for the time required for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to meet our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to withhold your information to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal contracts and policies.
Lure
will also retain usage data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally held for a shorter period of time, except when such data is used to enhance security or improve the functionality of our service, or we are legally required to maintain such data for longer periods of time.
DATA TRANSFERS
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction, where data protection laws may differ from those in your jurisdiction. If you are outside the
United States
and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the
United States
and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy, followed by submitting this information, is your consent to such transfer.
SAFETY
We take reasonable security measures to protect the personal data under our control from loss, misuse, and alteration. Personal data is stored in a protected database and sent by encrypted SSL protocol whenever the browser supports them. However, the Internet and email transmissions are not completely secure and are never error-free. In particular, emails sent and received from this app may not be secure. Therefore, special care should be taken when you decide which information to send us by email.
HOW YOU CAN EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
Your data protection rights under the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR)
If you reside in the  European Economic Area (EEA), you have some data security rights. Lure is intended to take reasonable steps to allow you to modify, change, delete or restrict the use of your personal data. If you want to be informed about the personal data we hold about you, and if you want to be removed from our system, please contact us.
Under certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, renew or erase the information we have concerning you. Whenever possible, you can request access, update or deletion of your personal data directly in the settings section of your account. If you can not perform these operations yourself, please contact us for assistance.
Right of modification If this information is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to correct your information.
Right to Object: You have the right to oppose the processing of your own information.
Restricted Rights: You have the right to require that we limit the processing of your personal information.
Right to Data Portability: You have the right to receive a copy of the information we have about you in a structured, machine-readable, and commonly used format.
Right to withdraw consent: You have the right to withdraw your consent whenever Lure relies on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to these requests. You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, contact your local European Economic Area (EEA) data protection authority.
MARKETING AND OPTING-OUT
If you have given us your consent, we may contact you via email services, including e-mails, text messages, and similar services about our Services, promotions, and special offers that may be of interest to you. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT AT ANY TIME TO ASK US TO STOP PROCESSING YOUR INFORMATION FOR DIRECT MARKETING PURPOSES. If you wish to exercise this right, please contact us by sending an email to the email or via the cancellation link at the bottom of our marketing emails.
Third-party Advertising
For improving the App and serving ads, we may share this data with third parties. Such parties include
Facebook, Google,
Branch, Amplitude, RevenueCat and Fabric. As a result of sharing this data with third parties we (1) analyze different interactions (what stories are the most popular among the users, etc.); (2) serve ads. If any questions will remain unanswered, please contact us at admin@represent.ly. Web beacons, cookies, pixel tags, or to better serve advertisements for products and services that customers may be interested in accessing and using the Services and other sites or services online. We may work with third-party advertising companies that use other similar technologies. These companies do not have access to your name, address, email address, phone number or other personal information. However, we may anonymously track your use of the Internet at other sites on your network other than the Service.
How to opt out or influence personalized advertising
iOS:
On your iPhone or iPad, go to “Settings,” then “Privacy” and tap “Advertising” to select “Limit Ad Track”. In addition, you can reset your advertising identifier (this also may help you to see less of personalized ads) in the same section.
Android:
To opt-out of ads on an Android device, simply open the Google Settings app on your mobile phone, tap “Ads” and enable “Opt out of interest-based ads”. In addition, you can reset your advertising identifier in the same section (this also may help you to see less of personalized ads).
To learn even more about how to affect advertising choices on various devices, please look at the information available
here
.
In addition, you may get useful information and opt out of some interest-based advertising, by visiting the following links:
Network Advertising Initiative –
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
Digital Advertising Alliance –
http://optout.aboutads.info/
Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada) –
http://youradchoices.ca/choices
Digital Advertising Alliance (EU) –
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
DAA AppChoices page –
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
We value your right to influence the ads that you see, thus we are letting you know what service providers we use for this purpose and how some of them allow you to control your ad preferences.
We use Facebook Ads Manager together with Facebook Custom Audience, which allows us to choose audiences that will see our ads on Facebook or other Facebook’s products (for example, Instagram). Through Facebook Custom Audience we may create a list of users with certain sets of data, such as an IDFA, choose users that have completed certain actions in the App (for example, installed it). As a result, we may ask Facebook to show some ads to a particular list of users. As a result, more of our ads may show up while you are using Facebook or other Facebook’s products (for example, Instagram). You may learn how to OPT OUT of advertising provided to you through Facebook Custom Audience
here
.
Facebook also allows its users to influence the types of ads they see on Facebook. To find out how to control the ads you see on Facebook, please go
here
or adjust your ads settings on
Facebook
.
Google Ads is an ad delivery service provided by Google that can deliver ads to users. In particular, Google allows us to tailor the ads in a way that they will appear, for example, only to users that have conducted certain actions with our App. Some other examples of events that may be used for tailoring ads include, in particular, installing our App. Google allows its users to
opt out of Google’s personalized ads
and to
prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics
.
How to opt out of GDPR  identifier tracking
We use parties such as
Facebook, Google,
Branch, Amplitude, RevenueCat & Fabric to track user behavior and experience to constantly improve a better in-app experience. To opt-out simply uninstall the mobile application to prevent further tracking of your in-app activities on the mobile app.
Use of cookies, pixel tags, and other similar technologies
As with many sites, our services may use "cookies". This is a small text file stored on your computer or computer when you access certain online pages and records your preferences and actions. We use cookies to track the use of our services. You can also use cookies to monitor traffic, improve services, and make them easier and/or better suited for your use.
Cookies are files that contain small amounts of data that may contain an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent from your site to your browser and stored on your device. Trace technologies are also used as beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to enhance and analyze our services.
You can accept or decline cookies. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser setting to decline cookies as needed. If you delete cookies or configure your Web browser to decline cookies, some features of this service may not work or may not work as expected. For more information about cookies and their invalidation, see the information posted at
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
We use Google Analytics. You use cookies and similar technology to collect and analyze information about your use of the Service and to report activities and trends. This service may also collect information about the use of other sites, applications, and online resources. You can get information about Google's practices at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
to disable Google Analytics You can cancel at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Lure permits residents of the State of California to use its Platform. If you are a California resident you may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Various provisions throughout this Privacy Policy address requirements of the Californian privacy statutes. Although we do not disseminate your information to third parties without permission, you must presume that we collect electronic information from all visitors. You may contact us by submitting a ticket here with any questions.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES OR MOBILE APPS
We are not responsible for the practices adopted by sites linked to or from the Service, nor for the information or content contained therein. Moving from this service to another site using a link will invalidate our privacy policy. Your browsing and interactions with other sites, including sites linking to our app, are subject to the rules and policies specific to that site.
“DO NOT TRACK”
Except as otherwise stipulated in this Privacy Policy, this App does not support “Do Not Track” requests. To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Protecting children's privacy is important to us. We do not knowingly transmit or collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 18 to the Service without the permission of the parent or guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child has provided us with information, you can send us an email. If it is proven that we collect personal information from the child without parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from the server.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY
Lure may update or revise this policy from time to time. Accept that you will review this policy periodically. You are free to decide whether or not to accept a modified version of this policy, but to continue using our site or mobile app, you must accept this policy as amended. If you do not agree to the terms of this policy or any modified version of this policy, the only possibility is to stop using our service.
We recommend that you periodically review this Privacy Statement for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when posted on this page.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By emailing us at admin@represent.ly.
By emailing us, you consent that we keep the email address, the message content and contact details.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/&sa=D&ust=1574380579452000:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語