Data Privacy Policy
Website and NavShip App may be used without entering personal information. Different rules may apply to certain services on our site, however, and are explained separately below. We collect personal information from you in accordance with the provisions of German data protection statutes. Information is considered personal if it can be associated exclusively to a specific natural person. The legal framework for data protection may be found in the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Telemedia Act (TMG). The provisions below serve to provide information as to the manner, extent and purpose for collecting, using and processing personal information by the provider.
Please be aware that data transfer via the internet is subject to security risks and, therefore, complete protection against third-party access to transferred data cannot be ensured.
Personal Data
We store your email address, if you registered a NavShip Account. It is not necessary to register a NavShip Account to use this App. If you do so, your mail address will be stored in a secured database and your password will be encrypted.
We do not store other personal data, e.g. your name, phone number or address on our servers, when you register a new account.
Use of your location
We use your location to enable live routing features, to locate your boat and giving route updates. We do not store your location in accordance of your private profile on our servers, your location will only be used locally on your device and to request your geocode area from our servers, therefore it will be transmitted securely via https connection and not be stored on our servers.
What happens to your data?
The input of your personal data (name, e-mail address) will be forwarded to support@navship.org for ticket preparation and processing and will in no case be passed on to third parties. If you have any questions, your contact details will be saved and can be deleted on request. Please send an email with the explanation without giving reasons to support@navship.org.
The apps and website use Google Analytics. You can find out more on this page below.
If you have registered in the Android app with a free Boote-Forum account, your username and password will be saved in our database. Passwords are encrypted according to the latest technological knowledge and can not be decrypted by standard computers in a foreseeable future. Nevertheless, it is advisable to change the password when becoming aware of such a case. With this access, no digital products can be purchased in the app – so you will not incur any damage.
In-app purchases are billed through Google Play, Apple Inc. or Itunes. Your billing information is visible to us, but not other private information such as credit card numbers, addresses or names. This data is stored by Google or Apple.
We do not store any location data, but we do send it to Google, which uses the Maps service to evaluate your data and save it profile-specifically.
Using the error transfer protocol will transmit your email and a selected map location. After the error has been processed, this data will be irrevocably deleted and thus not stored permanently. As a rule, error messages are on hold for 14 days and are then entered in the new update of the app.
Validity of this policy
This Privacy Policy takes effect immediately (as of 09.04.2018) and is subject to change at any time. Please inform yourself regularly about changes.
NavShip Premium
Purchasing the premium version of this app is simple, we are using Google Checkout. Please aware that you established a safe internet connection. You will be charged in a subscription model depending how many months you booked. The total charge including VAT will be showed before checkout. If you want to unsubscribe, please do not forget to recall in time. Contact us before using material in non-private context.
Cookies
Our website makes use of so-called cookies in order to recognize repeat use of our website by the same user/internet connection subscriber. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser downloads and stores on your computer. They are used to improve our website and services. In most cases these are so-called “session cookies” that are deleted once you leave our website.
To an extent, however, these cookies also pass along information used to automatically recognize you. Recognition occurs through an IP address saved to the cookies. The information thereby obtained is used to improve our services and to expedite your access to the website.
You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.
Server Data
For technical reasons, data such as the following, which your internet browser transmits to us or to our web space provider (so called server log files), is collected: – type and version of the browser you use – operating system – websites that linked you to our site (referrer URL) – websites that you visit – date and time of your visit – your Internet Protocol (IP) address. This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal information you may have provided, thereby making it impossible to connect it to any particular person. The data is used for statistical purposes in order to improve our website and services.
Contacting Us
On our website we offer you the opportunity to contact us, either by email and/or by using a contact form. In such event, information provided by the user is stored for the purpose of facilitating communications with the user. No data is transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any information that may be collected by other components of our website.
Use of Google Analytics with anonymization
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as “Google“. Google Analytics employs so-called “cookies“, text files that are stored to your computer in order to facilitate an analysis of your use of the site.
The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of your visits to our site, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google’s location in the US and stored there.
We use Google Analytics with an IP anonymization feature on our website. In doing so, Google abbreviates and thereby anonymizes your IP address before transferring it from member states of the European Union or signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Google will use this information to evaluate your usage of our site, to compile reports on website activity for us, and to provide other services related to website- and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if this is required by law or to the extent this data is processed by third parties on Google´s behalf.
Google states that it will in never associate your IP address with other data held by Google. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.
Google also offers a disabling option for the most common browsers, thus providing you with greater control over the data which is collected and processed by Google. If you enable this option, no information regarding your website visit is transmitted to Google Analytics. However, the activation does not prevent the transmission of information to us or to any other web analytics services we may use. For more information about the disabling option provided by Google, and how to enable this option, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Use of Google Maps
We use the “Google Maps” component of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter “Google.”
Google sets a cookie in order to process the user configuration and data when the page with the integrated “Google Maps” component is displayed. As a general rule, this cookie is not deleted by closing the browser, but rather expires after a certain time, as long as it is not previously manually deleted by you.
If you do not agree with this processing of your data, you may choose to deactivate the “Google Maps” service and thereby prevent the transfer of data to Google. To do this, you must deactivate the Java Script function in your browser. However, we would like to point out that in this case you will not be able to use “Google Maps” or at least only to a limited extent.
The use of “Google Maps” and the information obtained through “Google Maps” is according to Google’s Terms of Use
http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/terms/regional.html
as well as the additional Terms and Conditions for “Google Maps”
https://www.google.com/intl/de_de/help/terms_maps.html.
Use of reCAPTCHA
In order to protect input forms on our site, we use the “reCAPTCHA” service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter “Google.” By means of this service it can be distinguished whether the corresponding input is of human origin or is created improperly by automated machine processing.
To our knowledge, the referrer URL, the IP address, the behaviour of the website visitors, information about the operating system, browser and length of stay, cookies, display instructions and scripts, user input behaviour and mouse movements in the “reCAPTCHA” checkbox are conveyed to “Google.”
Google uses the information obtained, among other things, to digitize books and other printed matter as well as to optimize services such as Google Street View and Google Maps (e.g. house number and street name recognition).
The IP address provided as part of “reCAPTCHA” is not merged with other data from Google unless you are logged into your Google Account at the time the “reCAPTCHA” plug-in is used. If you want to prevent this transmission and storage of data by “Google” about you and your behaviour on our website, you must log out of “Google” before you visit our site or before using the reCAPTCHA plug-in.
The use of the “reCAPTCHA” service is according to the Google Terms of Use:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/.
Use of Facebook components
Our website employs components provided by facebook.com. Facebook is a service of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA.
Each time our website receives an access request equipped with a Facebook component, the component prompts your browser to download an image of this Facebook component. Through this process, Facebook is informed precisely which page of our website is being visited.
When you access our site while logged into Facebook, Facebook uses information gathered by this component to identify the precise page you are viewing and associates this information to your personal account on Facebook. Whenever you click on the “Like“ button, for example, or enter a comment, this information is transmitted to your personal account on Facebook and stored there. In addition, Facebook is informed of your visit to our website. This occurs regardless of whether you click on a component or not.
If you wish to prevent the transfer to and storage of data by Facebook about you and your interaction with our website, you must first log out of Facebook before visiting our website. The data protection policies of Facebook provide additional information, in particular about the collection and use of data by Facebook, your rights in this regard as well as the options available to you for protecting your privacy: https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/
In addition, tools are freely available on the market that can be used to block Facebook social plug-ins with add-ons from being added to all commonly used browsers: http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/
You can find an overview of Facebook plugins at https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/
Use of YouTube components with enhanced data protection mode
On our website we use components (videos) of YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave., 94066 San Bruno, CA, USA, a company belonging to Google Inc., Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
To this end, we use the “ – enhanced data protection mode – ” option provided by YouTube.
When you display a page that has an embedded video, a connection will be made to the YouTube server and the content will appear on the website via a communication to your browser.
According to the information provided by YouTube, in “ – enhanced data protection mode -”, data is only transferred to the YouTube server, in particular which of our websites you have visited, if you watch the video. If you are logged onto YouTube at the same time, this information will be matched to your YouTube member account. You can prevent this from happening by logging out of your member account before visiting our website.
Further information about data protection by YouTube is provided by Google under the following link:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy
Use of Google AdSense
Our website employs Google AdSense. Google AdSense is a service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, for incorporating advertisements. Google-AdSense uses so-called “cookies“, text files, that are stored to your computer and which provide analysis of the use of our website. Furthermore, Google AdSense uses so-called “web beacons“. Web beacons allow Google to analyze information, such as visitor traffic to our website. This information, along with your IP address and the ad format displayed, is transmitted to Google in the US where it is stored and may be transferred by Google to contracting partners. However, Google does not merge your IP-address with other stored data on you. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website. By using our website you declare that you agree to the processing of data collected about you by Google in the manner previously described and for the purposes there specified.
Information/Cancellation/Deletion
On the basis of the Federal Data Protection Act, you may contact us at no cost if you have questions relating to the collection, processing or use of your personal information, if you wish to request the correction, blocking or deletion of the same, or if you wish to cancel explicitly granted consent. Please note that you have the right to have incorrect data corrected or to have personal data deleted, where such claim is not barred by any legal obligation to retain this data.
Sample Data Privacy Policy Statement provided by the Law Offices of Weiß & Partner
Getting started
App Store
Google Play
Web version
In app functions
route courses
offline mode
ais live data
live routing
kilometres and miles, km/h and knots
travel time and distance
arrival time
current course and speed
amount of locks
fuel consumption
costs
anchor alert
wind speed and direction (Germany, pro)
five day weather forecast (Germany, pro)
water levels
fuel stations
lots of more...
more information