Privacy Policy
The Benefit Company B.S.C (C) respects the privacy of individuals and recognizes the importance of the personal data you have entrusted to us and recognize that it is our responsibility to properly manage, protect, process and disclose your personal data. We are also committed to adhering to the provisions and principles of Law No. (30) of 2018 with Respect to Personal Data Protection Law and compliant with applicable laws and the Directives, CBB Rulebook, and instructions of the CBB.
During your usage of our website or App, we may collect certain Data relating to you. This Policy highlights the main purpose for data processing and your rights under the law. You are advised to always review the policies for any changes prior to using the website or App. Our Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time without prior notice.
What personal data do we collect?
When you use our website or our App, we collect, retain, share and store personal information provided by you to ensure that you are provided with an efficient, smooth, and seamless experience. This also allows us to understand your needs and provide services and features that are suitable for your requirements and your interest. While performing ID verification and collection of ID copies and personal pictures/videos, we ensure compliance with Apple’s and Google’s guidelines and to facilitate the seamless operation of our App through TrueDepth APIs and applicable laws. Additionally, the collection of such information may be required to further enhance our service, or for legal or regulatory requirements, or for fraud prevention, and may be deemed necessary for the provision of our Services.
We may collect information such as:
Your name, nationality, date of birth, CPR or ID card copies, gender, residential address, country of birth, email addresses, video and/or photographic identification, pictures, biometric data, telephone numbers, card numbers, account numbers, Passwords or PIN numbers.
Personal data relating to transactions such as type of transaction, date of transactions, amounts, IBAN numbers, and beneficiary details.
We may also collect information from other users who make transactions for your benefit.
Personal data that we gather from our interaction with you such as correspondence and records of interactions, and complaints. We may also record calls, email, text messages, social media messages and other communications between you and us.
Other technical personal data that may be used to identify you.
We also collect anonymized data for statistical purposes.
Any additional information that we deem necessary to provide you with our services.
How will we use your personal data?
We collect and process personal information to provide the services you request, to manage your account and to fulfill our legal and regulatory requirements or for any other purpose which may be required, including but not limited to new services provided by Benefit.
We may use the information obtained to detect, protect, and prevent errors, fraud, and other criminal activity.
We may also use this information to develop statistics and for market research and analysis, including to develop and improve our products and services so that we can offer new and enhanced products and services to our customers. This may include converting your personal information into statistical or aggregated data which cannot be used to identify you.
We may need to use video or photographic identification and obtain necessary documentation such as CPR or ID card copies to create an account. We use the data to check the identity of the account, ensuring the accuracy and security of the account creation process.
Is providing your personal data mandatory?
We process your personal data based on your legitimate consent, however, should you refuse to have your personal data processed we
may not be able to provide our services to you
. Where personal data collection is optional, we will keep you informed.
How long do we store your personal data?
We retain data for as long as required and in accordance with local regulatory and professional retention requirements. We will retain data regarding your transactions for the duration of this agreement. After the termination of this agreement, the data will be retained for 10 years. We may retain anonymized information for a longer period for historical, research and analysis purposes. Stored data may be reviewed for investigation, fraud monitoring, compliance purposes and for any other reason as may be necessary.
Sharing your personal data:
Your data and personal information may be shared within Benefit and outside of Benefit with third parties (including but not limited to employees, contractors, agents, etc.) on a need-to-know basis. We may need to transfer data which includes your personal information outside of Bahrain for the purpose of providing uninterrupted services to you.
Your rights under the Personal Data Protection Law of the Kingdom of Bahrain:
Your rights under the law include:
the right to be informed about the processing of your personal data;
the right to request personal information corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete personal information completed;
the right to object to the processing of your personal data;
the right to restrict processing of your personal data;
the right to withdraw your consent at any time;
However, please note that these do not apply in all circumstances, and some of these rights are only effective from the date of this policy notice.
Marketing:
We collect and process personal information to provide the services you request, However, we may use this information to keep you informed of any online and offline offers, products, or services which would be customized based on your usage and activity. We may share your data with our advertising partners for the purpose of customizing advertisements to you based on your usage.
International transfers:
Our affiliates and third-party service providers with whom we may disclose your personal information may be situated outside of the Kingdom of Bahrain. Personal information is already adequately protected in multiple countries under existing regulations.
How to contact us:
You may exercise any of your rights at any time by contacting us on:
complaints@benefit.bh
By using our website or by subscribing to the App you hereby provide Benefit with consent to share, retain and process your Personal Data.