Privacy policy
Key points about our privacy policy:
MealPlanner is an online service that helps you keep a record of your upcoming meals, recipes and shopping lists.
When you use MealPlanner, we receive some personal information, like the type of device you are using and your IP address.
To enable sync, we require additional information from your chosen method of login, such as your email address and public profile. We use this information to create a unique account for you and to help you share meal plans, recipes and shopping lists with friends and family.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy,
you can contact us at any time.
Basic Account Information
You don’t have to create an account to use MealPlanner, but in order to use many of its features, we require you to provide some personal information from a chosen method of social sign in (Apple, Facebook or Google sign in methods). This information includes a display name (from your public profile) and an email address.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your computer or mobile device and is widely used by websites and apps to help them remember your visit. MealPlanner uses cookies to help us learn how you and other users interact with our services. The data we gather is aggregated for us to understand usage patterns and better tailor the service we offer to our user’s needs. We use
Google Analytics
as a third party service to help us do this.
Log Data
When you view content by interacting with our services, we receive information about your interaction, even if you have not created an account with us. For example, if one of our users shares a recipe with you, and you visit that recipe, a data log including your IP address is stored to record your visit to that page on our website. We also keep track of the type of browsers and operating systems that access our services, as well as the pages visited on our site.
Managing your personal information
If you have created an account on MealPlanner, we provide you with the facilities and settings to access, correct, delete or modify your personal information. Since we use social sign in for you to access our services, some of the information is automatically kept up to date by the social sign in method you choose each time you sign in. In this case, to change this information you will need to update it with the social sign in provider, and then sign into MealPlanner to apply the changes to your account.
Deletion and right to erasure
We keep Log Data for a maximum of 12 months. If you wish to exercise your right to erasure and deactivate your account,
you can contact us here.
Please note that this procedure is irreversible and all your data will be deleted from our services and cannot be recovered afterwards. You will, however, be able to create a new account using the social sign in of your choice.
✖
We use cookies to personalise content and analyse our traffic. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.
Learn more