This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our app.
Information Collection and Use
There are two types of data that may be collected. The first one is called personal data. This is personally identifiable information that identifies a user as an individual. VR Entertainment does not collect personal data in our apps. The second type is non personal data which doesn’t directly identify an individual or which may have been personal information but has had the personally identifiable information removed. VR Entertainment does not collect non personal information about the use of our apps.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our apps, in a case of an error in the app Google will collect data and information on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device model, operating system version, the configuration of the apps when utilizing our apps, the time and date of your use of the apps, and other statistics.
Location Data
We want to inform you that our VR apps collect location data to enable the connection with the Bluetooth game controller and to run the VR functions. This data will not be collected and stored in the app when the app is closed or not in use.
Access of Location Data in Background
VR apps requests to access the location data in background for providing Bluetooth connection of game controller. According to android requirement, services running on Android 10 and higher cannot discover Bluetooth devices unless they have the ACCESS_BACKGROUND_LOCATION permission. For more detail, please visit the website:
https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth
Usage of Location Data
The location permission in VR apps is used solely for the ability to discover local Bluetooth devices. Other than this purpose, VR apps does not accesses, collect, use, nor share the location data. If the access of location permission is not be allowed, the apps might not run properly.
Children’s Privacy
Our apps do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at hello@vr-entertain.com.