Privacy Policy
Welcome to Coty Apps (“Lumos Apps”, "we", "us" and "our"). Lumos Apps is an international entertainment company specialized in the publishing of consumer apps.
The purpose of this policy is to provide you with all the important information and explanations about how and why some of your data may be collected and processed by Lumos Apps when you use one of our applications or browse on our website. This privacy policy governs and details the main principles that Lumos Apps applies to the data we collect and process to:
(i) Publish and monetize consumer apps (“the Apps”), and
(iii) Run our corporate website (
lumosapps.com
).
This policy also aims to remind you about your rights and to provide you with all the elements you need to exercise them.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
Terms and Conditions
.
Should you have any questions related to this policy or our practices around privacy and data protection in general, please don’t hesitate to contact ds@lumosapps.com as indicated in the contact section of this policy.
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Facebook
AppLovin
AdColony
ironSource
Amplitude
Firebase
Firebase Analytics
Firebase Crashlytics
Adjust
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
We designs apps and services that we hope all audiences will enjoy.  This privacy policy is scoped for our apps targeted to general audiences.  We also recognize that some of our apps and services may be Child Directed in nature and/or have a mixed audience (e.g. may appeal to Children as a subset of the larger audience) of users. For apps we deem to have a Child Directed component or that may appeal to Children, we take extra precautions to protect Child Users, provide parents choices and rights, and to comply with local privacy regulations.  These apps will always directly
link
to/reference our
Children's Privacy Policy
.
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2020-06-26
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at privacy@lumosapps.com.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://lumosapps.notion.site/501998aeee684fb6846890981ab38bff:
Children Privacy Policy
“Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act” (“COPPA”)
means the United States
law for online protection of Children’s privacy.
“Children/Child”
for the purpose of this policy refers to individuals who are under
the age of ability to consent to Personal Data processing in their jurisdiction (e.g. < 13
in the USA, Brazil; < 16 in California; < 16 in parts of the EEA, etc). Please refer to your
state’s or jurisdiction’s specific privacy/data protection laws to learn more. Generally,
we will always regard all users < 13 years of age to fall into this category. Age used for determination of Child/Children users in the Service is based upon Age Gate entry
“Persistent Identifier”
also referred to as “device identifiers” are anonymous numeric or alpha-numeric character sequences that uniquely identify a specific device. Alone, and with limited usage, these identifiers can’t be reasonably linked back to a specific individual. In some cases, however, you may see in this policy we regard these as “Personal Information”. This is because in unique circumstances or over time, these identifiers can become personally identifiable and traceable back to you. Examples may be in cases where they’re used to track behavior across third parties services,
depending on how they may be shared/stored, and if they’re used to build behavioral profiles for targeted advertising. (e.g. Consider an IP Address that identifies avcomputer (or a group of) on the internet. Alone, this doesn’t identify who that computervbelongs to or is used by, etc. unless possibly combined with additional records fromvsay an Internet Service Provider(i.e. “ISP”) that may link that identifier to some individual.)
At Lumos Apps, we make apps that are for all audiences. Our Service is designed for a broad general audience of users. While we do not primarily direct the apps we publish or our website towards Children, we are committed to protecting all users’ privacy. Therefore, we’ve implemented the following features specifically to protect any Children Users, in addition to the rest of our general privacy policy.
An “Age Gate” upon launch.
For users deemed as Children based on the user specified Age Gate (1) input:
We do not request, collect, or share personally identifiable “Advertising Device Persistent Identifiers” (e.g. the IDFA).
We never provide Personalized Advertising to Children, and all interest based advertising, surveys, and re-marketing ads are disabled.
We only display advertisements from Google Admob, which we provide flags to indicating that users are Children and to filter ads to a “G-Rated” audience.
We place extra parental/guardian gate(s) throughout the app to help prevent inadvertent purchases by accidental clicks from a user.
We may restrict or limit certain features of the Service, content sharing, etc. where applicable and to best protect privacy and safety.
While we’ve worked hard and carefully to design the above measures, we still always encourage parents and guardians to discuss safe internet and mobile device use with Child users and to monitor their Children’s safe mobile application use. We ask you to always facilitate any communications with us they need for support, feedback, etc. related to the Service to comply with our communication processes and this policy.
Collection is limited to Persistent Identifiers – The Service is intentionally designed such
that if we collect a Persistent Identifier of a known Child user, it’s never used to
communicate with (unless under one-time contact exception per COPPA 16 C.F.R. §
312.5(c)(3)), behaviorally track across third party services, or provide any Personalized
Advertising. For Child users all Persistent Identifiers are limited in use and scope to
solely Internal Operations (COPPA 16 C.F.R. § 312.5(c)(7)).
The apps we publish and website are intended for a general audience, and are not primarily directed to Children. However, we also recognize that in some cases the apps we publish
may attract a mixed audience of users and age demographics. We therefore take
additional steps to determine ages of users (via age gate) and configure the Service
appropriately to protect Children’s privacy when we gain knowledge of a Child user (via
age gate). For clarity and emphasis, these steps are detailed at the beginning of this
document in the outlined block titled “Children’s Privacy”. Note for protection we do not
allow the age gate to be bypassed and a user cannot go back and change their age
once entered (the only exception to this is via the completion of parental consent form
and signature in the procedure outlined in section 21 for exercising a right of
updating/correcting information).
Lumos Apps does not knowingly or intentionally collect Personal Information
from children under the age of 13 (or the legal age of able to consent to Personal Data
processing in their jurisdiction if greater, e.g. 16 in parts of the EEA), unless one or more
of the following is met:
The subject falls under COPPA and Personal Information is limited to the use
of a Persistent Identifier for purposes of supporting internal operations, and/or
Guardian or parental consent has been given.
The Subject falls under GDPR, LGPD, or similar and the collection/processing
falls under the basis of Legitimate Interest
If we ever gain knowledge Personal Information has been collected somehow otherwise
or inadvertently from a Child, we will promptly remove all information immediately.
For any direct communications with us (i.e. support, feedback, etc.) we ask parents to
please help with and facilitate. However, if we ever gain knowledge any communication
is specifically from a Child we always promptly delete the communication and all
associated contents after one-time contact with accordance to COPPA 16 C.F.R. §
312.5(c)(3).
As always, if you are a parent or guardian and you are concerned that your child has
inappropriately provided us Personal Information, please contact us so we may remove
it and address any concerns.
For any Personal Information we do collect, we always want parents to have choices
and control over how information is shared or used.
Notion uses cookies. See
Cookie Notice
for details.
Accept all
Reject all