Dive+ Privacy Policy
Version date: 2018.12.1
Versi
on No.: 2.0
Thank you for choosing Dive+!
Special reminder:
Life Plus
Tech (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we", "company" and "the company") are fully aware of the importance of personal information to you (hereinafter also referred to as "users"), and we shall spare no efforts and adopt appropriate security protection measures in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, in a bid to keep your personal information safe and controllabe. In view of this, we have worked out the
Dive+ Privacy Policy
(hereinafter referred to as "this Policy" or "this Privacy Policy") and remind you of the following:
1. When you enjoy Dive+ Client and other relevant services, it means that you have agreed that we gather, store, enjoy, disclose and protect your personal information pursuant to this Privacy Policy published on Dive+ Client as well as our official website. We wish to give you a clear description of how we deal with your personal information subject to this Privacy Policy, and we recommend that you read this Policy in its entirety, so as to help you protect your privacy better.
2. In accordance with the provisions of relevant laws and regulations, in case the network products and services possess the function of collecting user information, the provider shall express and get the go-ahead from the user. We hereby expressly inform you of the purpose, method and scope of collecting and enjoying the user's personal information, the channels for inquiring and correcting the information and the consequences arising from refusing to offer the information via this Policy.
3. Before enjoying Dive+ Client and other relevant services, please be sure to carefully read and thoroughly understand this Policy and enjoy Dive+ Client and relevant services after confirming full learning concerning and consent of it. In case you do not agree with any content of this Privacy Policy, you shall forthwith stop enjoying Dive+ Client and other relevant services. When you enjoy Dive+ Client and other relevant services, it means that you have agreed that we gather, enjoy and protect your personal information legally pursuant to this Privacy
Policy. In case you have any questions, comments or suggestions on the content of this Policy, you may contact us via our published contact information.
4. This Privacy Policy is applicable to all services we render. This Privacy Policy applies when you visit our official website or log in to Dive+ Client to use our services.
5. It should be specially explained that this Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered to you by other third parties. For instance, when Dive+ Client and a third party on the official website rely on us to provide you with services (such as third-party payment channels), the personal information you provide to a third party does not apply to this Privacy Policy, and we do not assume any liability for any third party to employ the information offered by you unless explicitly prescribed by law.
We shall strictly comply with laws and regulations, and properly gather, process or employ your personal information in the legal principles of legality, reasonableness, good faith, and necessity.
The section of this Privacy Policy shall help you understand the following:
I. How do we gather your information
II. How do we employ the information
III. Shared or public information that you publish
IV. How do we share, transfer and disclose information
V. How do we apply Cookie and similar technologies
VI. How do we store information
VII. How do we protect your personal information security
VIII. Protection of minors
IX. How do you manage your own information
X. How is your personal information transferred on a global scale
XI. EU Data Subject Rights
XII. Revision and update of this Privacy Policy
XIII. How to contact us
I. How do we gather your information
With a view to render better, more superior and more personalized services to you, we shall gather your following information based on the services you enjoy:
1.
The information you offer to us
When you create an account on Dive+, you are required to provide an e-mail address and create a user name and password. In case you only need to enjoy basic services such as browsing and editing pictures, you do not have to register to become a member and offer the foregoing information.
When you enjoy Dive+ Client and other relevant services, you are required to fill in and / or submit the information required for the services based on the contents of the services, which may include your name, gender, identity information (used for video, image upload, posting, etc.), phone number, email, diving certificate and other relevant information (such as your country or region, etc.) (relevant information and video of your local area, etc. are recommended). In case you do not enjoy certain services, you do not have to offer relevant information.
2. Information stored when you enjoy the services
In line with relevant national legal requirements, we shall gather the content information (including not limited to comments, posts, communities and other content information) and behavior information (including not limited to playing records, browsing records, viewing duration, playing equipment, user behavior logs and so on) offered by you when enjoying our services. For instance, the information you posted on Dive+, the information you offered when our customer services team contacted us, the questionnaire reply information you sent to us when you participated in the questionnaire survey, etc. Under normal circumstances, these questionnaires are anonymous, and if they are registered ones, we shall inform you explicitly.
3. Information collected during your consumption of the services
To render and optimize the services you need, we shall receive and record relevant information on your browser or devices such as computer, mobile devices, etc. based on the permissions you grant, including:
(1) Basic equipment information (such as equipment model, operating system version, equipment settings, unique equipment identifier and other feature information of software and hardware, etc.);
(2) Equipment location (such as location information acquired via GPS, Bluetooth or WIFI signal access point, Bluetooth and base station sensor, etc.);
(3) Log information: when you enjoy the services offered by Dive+ Client or our official website, we shall automatically gather your detailed usage of our services and save them as relevant web logs. For example, your search query content, IP address, browser type, telecom operator, language used, date and time of access, and web page records you visited, etc.
(4) We may associate the information gathered from your various devices so that we shall be able to provide you with consistent services on these devices.
(5) The information contained in the content you uploaded via our upload services, such as the date, time or place of the shared photo or video you took or uploaded.
(6) Order information: to present the order information of your account, we shall gather the order information and consumption records generated during your consumption of our services so that we may show you your purchase records and conduct order management.
(7) Customer service information: when you contact us, we may save your communication / call records and contents or the contact information you left so as to contact you in the future or help you solve the problem or record the solutions and results of relevant problems.
(8) Besides the foregoing information, we may also gather your other information for the reasonable need to render services and enhance the quality of services, including the information we gather when you interact with our affiliated parties and our partners.
(9) Meanwhile, to enhance the security of your consumption of our services and prevent phishing website fraud and trojan horse virus more accurately, we may judge the risk of your account by learning concerning some of your network usage habits and software information commonly used by you, and may record some URLs that we consider are at risk as well.
Please kindly note that individual equipment information, log information, etc. are information that cannot identify a specific natural person. In case we use such non-personal information to identify a specific natural person in combination with other information, or combine it with personal information, then such non-personal information shall be deemed as personal information during the period of combined use. Unless otherwise authorized by you or
prescribed by laws and regulations, we shall anonymize and do de-identifier processing of such personal information.
II. How do we employ the information
We shall gather and employ your personal information for the following purposes described in this Policy:
1. To help you become a member of us or help you become a user who is entitled to post, comment and do other interactive behaviors.
2. To render services: to render all sorts of products and services you enjoy (member services, browsing and viewing services, content recommendation services, etc.), and design, maintain and enhance these services.
3. To showcase and recommend products and services to you: to recommend contents that you may be interested in, including but not limited to sending product and service information, content recommendation information, marketing information and cooperation information to you, or displaying personalized third-party promotion information to you via the system, or sharing information with our associated parties and partners upon your approval so that they may send you information concerning their products and services. In case you do not wish to receive the foregoing information, you may unsubscribe via the corresponding unsubscribe function.
4. To deliver ads in a targeted manner and push messages: to provide you with advertisements and personalized messages that are more relevant with you to replace commonly delivered advertisements and messages. To perfect our products or services and furnish you with personalized information search and transaction services, we shall extract your browsing and search preferences, behavior habits, location information and other characteristics as per your browsing and search records, equipment information, location information and order information, and portray indirectly and display and push information on the basis of feature tags, and provide advertisements that are more relevant with you.
5. Risk identification: we may employ your personal information in order to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, threats to security, illegal behaviors or violations of agreements between us or our affiliated companies, policies or rules, in a bid to protect the legitimate rights and interests of you, other users of us, or us or our affiliated companies.
6. Personalized services: we may combine personal information from a given service with information from other services for providing you with more
personalized service usage. For example, use, share or disclose the information in order to enable you to have a wider social circle.
7. Investigation and activities: let you participate in the investigation on our services, or in the promotion and lottery activities.
8. Other uses approved by you.
III. Shared or public information that you publish
You may establish contacts and share with each other via our services. When you create communication or content sharing via our services, you may choose the objects to communicate or share at your own discretion. With these objects, you are able to see your membership level, identity, contact information, exchange information or shared content, etc.
Employing our services for storing photos and videos, uploading and publishing, viewing, commenting and other purposes may involve disclosing your own personal information. Please protect your personal information properly and offer and display your information to others only if necessary. In the event that you find your personal information leaked, especially your account or password, please contact us forthwith and take corresponding measures.
Public information refers to any information you publicly share, such as your comments, head portrait, nickname, user name, etc.
Please kindly note that the content and information you share when using our services may involve your personal sensitive information (including ID No., personal biometric information, bank account No., property information, track of whereabouts, transaction information, personal information of children under the age of 14, etc.). Please consider more carefully whether to disclose or even publicly share relevant personal sensitive information when consuming our services.
IV. How do we share, transfer and disclose information
1. Sharing and disclosure
We are obligated to keep your information confidential and shall not share your personal information with any other third party except for the following circumstances.
(1) Share with your express consent or authorization or with your own initiative. After gaining your authorization or explicit consent, we shall share your personal
information with other companies, organizations and individuals. For instance, if we entrust a third party to furnish you with products or services, we shall share the foregoing information with the third party after gaining your consent, and if you refuse to render such information, we shall not be able to complete the relevant delivery services. Only if you choose to agree shall we share your personal sensitive information. We may disclose your personal information publicly with your explicit consent or based on your active choice.
(2) Sharing and disclosure under legal circumstances. We may share your personal information in accordance with the laws and regulations, litigation dispute settlement needs, or as required by the administrative and judicial authorities according to law. For instance, if we determine that you have violated laws and regulations or seriously violated our relevant agreement rules, or in order to protect the personal and property safety of users of us and our affiliated companies or the public from infringement, we may disclose your personal information, including relevant violations and measures we have taken against you, with your consent in accordance with laws and regulations or our relevant agreement rules. For instance, if you or the account you use publish illegal and non-compliant text content or upload illegal and con-compliant pictures or videos, thus seriously violating our rules, laws and regulations and / or public order and good customs, and causing significant social impact and reputational damage to us, we may publicly disclose your information and punishment.
(3) Share your personal information with our affiliated companies. In order for us to jointly provide you with services based on associated accounts, recommend information that you may be interested in or protect the personal and property safety of our affiliated companies or other users or the public, your personal information may be shared with our affiliated companies. We shall only share the necessary personal information (e.g., we shall share your necessary personal information with affiliated companies to facilitate your login and enjoy of products or services of our affiliated companies) and be bound by the stated purpose in this Privacy Policy. In case we share your personal sensitive information or affiliated companies change the purpose of using and processing personal information, we shall seek your authorization again.
(4) Share with authorized partners. We shall entrust authorized partners to furnish you with certain services or perform functions on our behalf. We shall only share your information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes. Authorized partners may only access the information needed to perform their duties and cannot enjoy such information for any other purpose.
For companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, we shall sign strict data protection agreements with them, requiring them to deal with personal information subject to our instructions, this Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. In case we share your
personal sensitive information or authorize partners to change the purpose of employing and processing personal information, we shall seek your authorization again.
(5) Assist in resolving disputes. In case you are a proper intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you shall be disclosed to the complainee at the complainant's request so that both parties may deal with possible rights disputes. Only by sharing your information may we render the services you need or deal with disputes or controversies with others. For instance, if a text, photo or video content you uploaded on Dive+ is accused of intellectual property infringement or content violation, and any complainant, judicial organ or administrative law enforcement agency requests information disclosure, we shall offer the necessary information such as the contact information of the complained user to the aforementioned-mentioned agency as appropriate, in a bid to facilitate the resolution of disputes. We only assume the corresponding legal liability in cases where the law expressly provides.
2. Transfer
We shall not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:
(1) Transfer with explicit consent: after seeking your explicit consent, we shall transfer your personal information to other parties;
(2)  In the case that the company is undergoing a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, or we are under other circumstances resulting in a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, which involves the transfer of personal information, we shall require a new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this Policy, otherwise we shall require the company, organization and individuals to re-seek your authorization.
3. Exceptions to prior authorization when sharing, transferring or disclosing personal information
In the following cases, sharing, transferring and publicly disclosing your personal information does not require prior authorization from you:
(1) In connection with national security and national defense security;
(2) In connection with public safety, public health and major public interests;
(3) In connection with criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments, etc.;
(4) For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individual’s life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests, but difficult to gain the consent from you;
(5) Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own;
(6) The personal information is gathered from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure, etc.
Under the law, sharing and transferring the personal information that has received de-identifier processing and ensuring that the data receiver cannot recover and re-identify the subject of personal information is not an act of external sharing, transfer and public disclosure of personal information. We shall not need to inform you otherwise and gain your consent for the preservation and processing of such data.
Should you do not agree that we disclose your personal information to a third party in accordance with the aforementioned terms, please forthwith stop enjoying our platform services. When you enjoy any of the services offered by our platform without any objection, you shall be deemed to have agreed that we disclose your personal information to a third party in accordance with the aforementioned terms.
V. How do we apply Cookie and similar technologies
1. Cookie
With a view to make it easier for you to visit our official website, when you visit our official website or use relevant services, we may identify you through small data files, which may help you save the step of repeatedly entering registration information or help determine the security of your account. These data files may be
Cookie, Flash Cookie
, or other local storage (collectively referred to as "Cookie") provided by your browser or associated applications.
Please understand that some of our services may only be implemented via the use of "Cookie". In case your browser or browser add-on services allows, you may modify the acceptance degree of Cookie or reject our Cookie, but this action may in some cases affect your safe access to our official website and use of our relevant services.
Web pages often contain some electronic images (called "single-pixel GIF file" or "network beacon"), and the use of network beacon may help the website calculate users who browse web pages or access some Cookie. We shall gather information about your browsing activities via the network beacon, such as the page address you visited, the address of the quoted page you visited previously, the time you stayed on the page, your browsing environment and display settings, etc.
2. Web Beacon and Pixel Tags
Besides Cookie, we shall also apply other similar technologies such as web beacons and pixel tags on the website. For instance, the email we send you may contain an address link to the content of our website. In case you click on the link, we shall track this click to help us understand your product or service preferences so that we may actively enhance our customer service experience. Web beacons are usually a transparent image embedded in the website or email. By virtue of pixel tags in email, we may know whether the email is opened. In case you do not wish your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
VI. How do we store information
The information and data we gather about you shall be stored on the servers we and / or our affiliated companies control, use and lease, and we shall strictly keep confidential, use and control your related information. The information and data may be transmitted to your country or region or where we gather information and data and be accessed, stored and displayed there.
VII. How do we protect your personal information security
1. Technical protection: to ensure your information security, we strive to take various  reasonable security measures in physical, electronic and management respects, which are in line with industry standards, to protect your information from leakage, damage or loss, including but not limited to SSL, information encryption storage and access control in the data center. We shall apply encryption technology to enhance the security of personal information; we shall resort to a trusted protection mechanism to prevent personal information from being maliciously attacked; we shall deploy access control mechanisms and do our utmost to ensure that only authorized personnel may access personal information.
2. Security system guarantee: we have an industry’s advanced data-centric data security management system around the data life cycle, which enhances the security of the whole system from multiple aspects and dimensions of organization construction, system design, personnel management, product technology and so on.
3. Data retention period: we shall take reasonable and feasible measures to avoid collecting irrelevant personal information. We shall only retain your personal information within the period required to achieve the purpose stated in this Policy, unless you have agreed to extend the retention period or are permitted by law.
4. Personnel security management: we have also adopted strict management on employees or outsourced personnel who may come into contact with your information, including but not limited to: adopting different authority controls based on different positions, signing confidentiality agreements with them, monitoring their operations, etc. We shall resort to corresponding security measures to protect your information and give reasonable security guarantees based on existing technologies, and do our utmost to prevent your information from being leaked, damaged or lost. We shall hold security and privacy protection training courses to raise employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
5. Sensitive information and password protection tips:
(1) Notes for protection of personal sensitive information: the information you voluntarily share or even publicly share when enjoying our services may involve personal information or even personal sensitive information of you or others, such as the upload of your head portrait or the pictures or videos uploaded containing personal information when you comment, post or follow posts. Please consider more carefully whether to share or even publicly share relevant information when enjoying our services.
(2) Please set a complex password to help us ensure the security of your account. We shall do our utmost to ensure the security of any information you send us. Should our physical, technical or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in that information is accessed without authorization, disclosed publicly, tampered with or destroyed and your legitimate rights and interests are damaged, we shall assume corresponding legal liabilities.
(3) Your account is in possession of security protection function. Please keep your account and password information properly. We shall ensure that your information is not lost, abused or altered via security measures such as backup to other servers and encryption of user passwords. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also understand that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network.
6. Information disclosure tips and password disclosure processing: please be advised that the Internet is not an absolutely safe environment. When enjoying some of our services, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as bank account information, contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please properly protect your personal information and give it to others only if necessary. In case you find your personal information leaked,
especially your account and password, please contact our customer services forthwith so that we may take appropriate measures.
7. Handling of information security incidents: after an unfortunate personal information security incident, we will inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, the suggestions you can take to prevent and reduce the risks yourself, and the remedial measures for you, as required by laws and regulations. We shall inform you of the incident by mail, letter, phone, push notification, etc., and when it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we shall issue a public announcement in a reasonable and effective way. In the meantime, we shall report the disposal of personal information security incidents as required by the regulatory authorities.
8. Guaranteeing security for you: to enhance the security of your consumption of the services offered by us and our affiliated companies and partners, protect the personal and property safety of you, other users or the public, more efficiently prevent security risks such as phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks and network intrusion, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or relevant agreement rules of our platform, we may employ or integrate your member information, transaction information, equipment information, relevant weblogs and information for which our affiliated companies and partners have acquired your authorization or that we share according to law to comprehensively judge your account and transaction risks, conduct identity verification, detection and security prevention, and legally take necessary recording, auditing, analysis and disposal measures.
VIII. Protection of minors
We attach importance to the protection of minors' personal information. In case you are a minor, we suggest you request your guardian to read this Privacy Policy carefully and enjoy our services or supply us with information with the consent of your guardian.
Our products, websites and services are mainly for adults.
Minors under the age of 16 may not create their own user accounts without the consent of their guardians.
In case minors under the age of 16 supply us with personal data without the consent of the guardian, the guardian shall contact us to delete the relevant personal data or give us new authorization to gather the relevant personal data.
In case we find ourselves collecting personal data from minors who have not reached the age of 16 without the consent of their guardians, we shall manage to delete the relevant data with the least delay possible.
IX. How do you manage your information
In accordance with the provisions of relevant laws and regulations, we will provide convenient ways for you to access, correct and delete your account information or other personal information you provide when using our services. You may access and manage your personal information in the following ways.
1. Access your personal information
You are entitled to access your personal information, excluding exceptions prescribed by laws and regulations. You may access your personal information on your own in the following ways:
Account information - if you wish to access or edit the personal profile information in your account, change your password, exit your account, etc., you may execute such operations via "personal information" by logging into your account.
2. Correct or supplement your personal information
When you find that there is something wrong with your personal information we deal with, you are entitled to request us to make corrections or additions. You may contact us via our published contact information and apply for corrections or make up applications.
3. Delete your personal information
In the following cases, you may contact us and make a request to delete your personal information:
(1) In case our dealing with of personal information violates laws and regulations;
(2) In case we gather and employ your personal information without your explicit consent;
(3) In case our dealing with of personal information seriously violates our agreement with you;
(4) In case you no longer enjoy our services, or you voluntarily cancel your account number;
(5) In case we stop serving you permanently.
If you need to delete your personal information, please contact the email contact@dive.plus, the administrator will help you delete your personal information.
In case we decide to respond to your request for deletion, we shall also inform as many subjects as possible who have acquired your personal information from us and request them to delete the information in a timely manner, unless otherwise prescribed by laws and regulations or these subjects are authorized independently by you.
After you delete information from our services, we may not delete the corresponding information from the backup system forthwith, but we shall delete the information when the backup is updated.
4. Change the scope of your authorized consent
Each business function may be accomplished only with some basic personal information. Apart from that, you may contact us to give or withdraw your authorization for the collection and application of additional personal information.
When you withdraw your consent, we shall no longer process the corresponding personal information. Nevertheless, the decision to withdraw your consent shall not affect the previous processing of personal information based on your authorization.
5. A personal information subject cancels the account
(1) In case you intend to cancel your account, you may contact us by mail. Upon verification of the identity of the user, we shall release the user's mobile phone and mailbox to achieve the effect of cancellation.
(2) After you voluntarily cancel your account, we shall stop providing you with products or services, delete your personal information in line with the requirements of applicable laws, or make it anonymous. In case you have pictures or videos uploaded on Dive+ before you cancel your account and you do not wish the pictures or videos to continue to be disseminated on Dive+ Client or our official website, you shall delete them yourself. In case you do not choose to delete them, it shall be deemed that you have agreed to continue authorizing us to carry out information dissemination on the network. In case you choose not to delete the pictures or videos uploaded by you, after you cancel your account the uploader's information will be anonymized or desensitized when the pictures or videos are displayed on
Dive+
Client or our official website.
6. Constrain information system from automatic decision-making
In some business functions, we may only make decisions in light of non-manual automatic decision-making mechanisms such as information systems, algorithms, etc. In the event that these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you are entitled to request us for an explanation, and we shall also offer a complaint method without infringing upon our business secrets or rights and interests of other users or the social public interest.
7. Respond to your aforesaid request
To ensure security, you may need to submit a written request or otherwise prove your identity. We may request you to verify your identity first and then process your request.
In principle, we shall make a reply within 15 days. Should you are not satisfied, you may also initiate a complaint by contacting us.
We do not charge for your reasonable requests in principle, but we shall collect a certain cost for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits as appropriate. We may refuse those requests that are unjustly repeated, require too many technical means (for example, require to develop new systems or fundamentally change existing practices), pose risks to others' legitimate rights and interests, or are extremely unrealistic.
In the following cases, we shall not be able to respond to your request as required by laws and regulations:
(1) In connection with national security and national defense security;
(2) In connection with public safety, public health and major public interests;
(3) In connection with criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments, etc.;
(4) There is sufficient evidence that the subject of personal information has subjective malice or abuses rights;
(5) Responding to your request will seriously damage the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals and organizations;
(6) Involving trade secrets.
X. How is your personal information transferred on a global scale
In principle, personal information collected and generated in our worldwide operations shall be stored in the United States.
Since we render products or services via resources and servers throughout the world, this means that your personal information may be transferred to the overseas jurisdiction of the country where you enjoy the products or services after we have obtained your authorization.
For this type of jurisdiction, different data protection laws may be developed or even no relevant laws are developed. In such cases, we shall ensure that your personal information is adequately protected.
For instance, we will seek your consent to cross-border transfer of personal information or implement security measures such as data de-identifier before cross-border data transfer.
XII. EU Data Subject Rights
If you live in the EU, you shall possess certain rights to us in accordance with the "General Data Protection Regulations" (
"GDPR"
). As a data subject, you are entitled to the following rights under GDPR:
1. Access rights
You are entitled to know whether we have processed personal data relevant with you, and if so, you shall have the right to access the information we hold about your personal data and on how we enjoy it and who we share it with.
In case you request multiple copies of personal data we hold about you, we may charge management fees.
In cases supplying some personal data will interfere with the rights of others (for example, providing personal data we hold about you will reveal information concerning others) or if another exemption applies, we may not furnish you with such personal data.
2. Right to correct
Should your personal data is incorrect or incomplete, you are entitled to correct or complete your personal data. We shall correct the data in a timely manner.
3. Right to delete
You may request us to delete your personal data we hold about you if:
(1) You consider it no longer necessary for us to hold personal data about you;
(2) We process the personal data we hold about you with your consent, but you wish to withdraw your consent, and we have no other reason to process the personal data;
(3) We are processing the personal data we hold about you in line with our legitimate rights and interests. Please supply us with detailed information on your argument so that we may assess whether it is of paramount interest to us to keep such personal data;
(4) You wish us to no longer send you the information of activities with the personal data we hold about you;
(5) You consider that we are illegally processing the personal data about you.
Apart from that, please be advised that you may exercise your rights to restrict our dealing with of personal data, but we shall consider your request in the light of the following circumstances.
Please explain the reasons for your request in as much detail as possible, which will be conducive for us to decide whether you possess a valid basis for implementing the deletion. Nevertheless, if we have a valid basis prescribed by law (for example, to safeguard legal rights or freedom of expression), we may retain your personal data, but if this happens, we shall inform you of it. Please kindly note that after deleting your personal data, we may no longer be able to furnish you with the same level of services because we no longer know your preferences.
In case you request us to delete published your personal data with reasons to do so, we shall take reasonable steps to manage to tell other people who display personal data or offer links to personal data to delete personal data as well.
4. Right to limit processing
In some cases, you are entitled to request us to stop processing personal data about you for purposes other than storage. Nevertheless, please be advised that if there is a valid basis for us to process data (e.g. to safeguard legal rights or to protect others) when we stop processing personal data, then we may employ the data once again.
In the following cases, you may request us to stop processing data and only store the personal data about you:
(1) Your consider that personal data is not accurate during the period when we verify the accuracy of personal data;
(2) Since the processing is illegal, we wish to delete the personal data, but you wish us to retain the personal data but only store it;
(3) Since it is no longer necessary, we wish to delete personal data, but you require that the data be stored for the establishment, exercise and defense of legal rights;
(4) You have objected to our dealing with of our personal data about you in line with our legitimate rights and interests, and hope that we stop dealing with personal data, but it is of paramount interest to us to retain such personal data.
5. Right to data portability
You are entitled to receive some personal data we have collected from you, and such personal data shall be in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and you are also entitled to request us to transmit such personal data to the other party.
In case you wish us to transmit personal data to another party, please make sure that you give that party a detailed explanation and note that we may only do so on the premise that it is technically feasible. Once a third party receives personal data, we shall not assume responsibility for the security of the data or its processing process. Should providing some personal data will interfere with the rights of others (for example, providing the personal data we hold about you will reveal information concerning others), we may not furnish you with such personal data.
6. Right to object
You are entitled to object at any time to processing your data as per your consent or the legitimate interests of us or our affiliated companies. After that, we shall no longer process your personal data unless there exist compelling legitimate reasons and these reasons take precedence over your interests, rights and freedoms, or it is necessary to process data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legitimate claims.
Please kindly note that before responding to your request for the exercise of rights, you are required to produce proof of identity and address. We must respond to your request for the exercise of rights without undue delay and within one month at the latest (although this period may be extended for another two months in some cases).
In case you wish to file a complaint concerning the way we deal with your personal data, please contact us and we shall do our utmost to deal with your request with the least delay possible. In doing so, it will not affect your right to file a claim with the data protection agency or follow the dispute process.
XII. Revision and update of this Privacy Policy
1. We are entitled to revise this Privacy Policy and inform you by announcement or other appropriate means before the revision enters into force. In such cases, if you continue to enjoy our services, it means that you have agreed to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Without your explicit consent, we shall not restrict your rights under this Privacy Policy. We will publish any changes and updates to this Privacy Policy on Dive+ Client and our official website.
In respect of material changes, we shall also give a more prominent notice (including: we will notify you through publicity and even provide you with popup windows).
Major changes referred to in this Policy include but are not limited to:
(1) Our service model has undergone material changes, such as the purpose of dealing with personal information, the type of personal information dealt with and the way in which personal information is used;
(2) We have undergone material changes in control rights, etc., such as changes in owners caused by mergers and acquisitions;
(3) There are changes in the main objects of sharing,  transfer or public disclosure of personal information
(4) There are material changes in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise the right;
(5) There are changes in the department responsible for dealing with personal information security, contact information and complaint channels;
(6) There exist high risks as indicated in the Assessment Report on the Impact of Personal Information Security.
2. We set a special entrance and put the old version of the User Agreement and privacy policy on file on the official website of Dive+ for your reference.
XIII. How to contact us
You may contact us according to the information listed below and we will reply to your request within 15 working days:
Address: C02, Zhongli Chuangye Community, Sixth Xin'an Road, Bao'an District, Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province, China
Homepage of Facebook:
diveplusofficial
WeChat customer service:
dive-plus
Wechat official account / applet:
DivePlus
E-mail: contact@dive.plus
Life Plus Tech
(Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.
档铺网——在线文档免费处理