Blob:Devour & Growth. Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Policy will explain what information we collect, why we collect it, and how we use it.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at:
blob
.game.ios@gmail.com
By using the Blob:Devour & Growth, you are consenting to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use it.
Information we collect
We collect information to provide better services to our users and improve our business.
Information we collect:
1.
Information you give us or information provided through a social network.
For example, some of our services require you to sign up for an account, provide information for a contest or award. We work with Facebook
social network.
2. Information we get from our service.
We may collect information about scores and records your gained in our game, and share it in leaderboard.
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from all of our service to provide, maintain, protect and improve our Services, to develop new Services and offerings and to protect us and our users. We also use this information to offer you tailored content like giving you more relevant search results and ads.
Sometimes we may send notifications about the most striking updates. If this does not suit you, write to blob.game.web@gmail.com.
How can users request the deletion of that data?
iOS:
You can request account deletion directly from your game profile("delete account" button). By deleting your account, your game progress will be erased. You will lose your level, coins, records and skins. If you have a subscription, don't forget to deactivate it using your device settings. The account will be completely deleted in 31 days after your deletion request. To undo the deletion process you need to log into your account within the mentioned 31 days.
Android/Web:
To request data deletion, you need to email us from the email address used in your Blob account.
The title of the email should be - DATA DELETION REQUEST.
The body of your email should contain your Blob ID and the screenshot of the game profile.
We'll delete the data 30 days after we've received your email in case your account was inactive for all this period.
Our email - blob.game.web@gmail.com
Information about the auto-renewable nature of our subscription:
We offer the following subscription options:
Monthly Royal Membership is a monthly subscription for $5.99 (US). The benefits include blocking all the Ads, doubled amount of free and rewarded coins as well as playing field coins, VIP marks in the profile picture and nickname in the chat, 50% off for Boosters and Skins price and 20% boost while gaining experience and 25 % boost to starting mass.
This price is established for the US customers. The pricing for other countries may vary depending on the currency rate, and actual charges may be converted to your local currency depending on the country.
Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase
Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal
Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current subscription. Account will be charged for renewal within the 24 hours before the end of the current subscription.
Subscriptions may be managed by the user, and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after the purchase.
Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable
We do not share personal information with companies, outside organizations and individuals.
Поделиться
Получить ссылку
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Электронная почта
Другие приложения
Поделиться
Получить ссылку
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Электронная почта
Другие приложения