[
日本語
| English ]
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 15 December 2021
NextObject, Ltd. operates "KidsScript" app, and web site https://www.kidsscript.net/.  This document informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. We never sell your personal information to third parties.We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the App & Site.
Information Collection And Use
Our apps and sites do not collect any personally identifiable information. When using the app or site, All functions are available without the need to create an account or notify personal information.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files.  The information in the log files include  your internet service provider, the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this .
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
support@kidsscript.net
[
Back
]
Copyright 2016-2021 NextObject, Ltd.