Roop Inc.
Privacy Policy
Roop Inc. understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users. We understand that your privacy matters and we respect your privacy choices.
THIS SUMMARY IS INTENDED TO GIVE YOU AN OVERVIEW OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY:
We may collect “Personal Information” about you – such as your name, city, race, email address or health information – in the following ways:
When you register for or update an existing profile on the Roop App.
When you use certain interactive tools our Roop mobile application.
When you sign-up for newsletters or other communications from Roop.
When you participate in an online survey; or
When you provide personal information in a community area or another public forum.
We may collect “Non-Personal Information” – information that cannot be used by us to identify you even if you have not registered with or provided any Personal Information to Roop.
The pictures taken by the application can be used by us, for image analysis and internal research for the improvement of the app capabilities. The images uploaded to our servers are not and will never be shared with any other party in connection with your name or other identifiable personal details.
If you do not want your Personal Information used by Roop as provided in this Privacy Policy, you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects personal Information.
If you have registered and no longer want Roop to use your personal Information, you should contact us asking to delete your information.
Roop will not use or disclose to third party’s personal data gathered in the app —for advertising or other use-based data mining purposes other than improving health management, or for the purpose of health research, and then only with permission.
If Roop will choose to be involved in clinical research, that involves personal indefinable information, it will obtain consent from participants or, in the case of minors, their parent or guardian. Such consent will include the (a) nature, purpose, and duration of the research; (b) procedures, risks, and benefits to the participant; (c) information about confidentiality and handling of data (including any sharing with third parties); (d) a point of contact for participant questions; and (e) the withdrawal process.
If Roop will choose to be involved in clinical human subject research it will secure approval from an independent ethics review board.
The TRUSTed Ads™ program is not yet available for our Mobile Device Apps so if you do not want to receive tailored advertising from Roop you should not use our Mobile Device Apps.
WE MAY USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU TO:
Administer your account; Provide you with access to particular tools and services; Respond to your inquiries and send you administrative communications; Obtain your feedback on our sites and our offerings; Statistically analyse user behaviour and activity; Provide you and people with similar demographic characteristics and interests with more relevant content and advertisements; Conduct usage measurement activities; Send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages pertaining to your health interests, including news, announcements, reminders and opportunities from Roop; or Send you relevant offers and informational materials on behalf of our sponsors pertaining to your health interests.
Third parties may also use Non-Personal Information in order to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community.
Roop will not disclose any personal Information about you unless specifically agreed to by you or: To comply with legal requirements, such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena, or court order; To our vendors and suppliers in the course of their provision of products or services to Roop; In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from for example, a merger, a sale of assets, or bankruptcy; or in special cases, such as in response to a physical threat to you or others.
Roop does not make your personal Information available to third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent.
We urge you to take the time to read our entire Privacy Policy for complete detail about our privacy practices and your information.
EFFECTIVE DATE OF PRIVACY POLICY:
November, 2017
Contact Us
© 2019 Roop Inc.
Privacy Policy
·
Terms of Service
·
Contact Us