Special Gamez Privacy Policy & Terms of use
Privacy Policy
Thanks for visiting Special Gamez's Privacy Policy. We're updating our Policy according to GDPR, here are some of the changes you'll see:
1. We've updated the Policy to reflect changes in data privacy laws.
2. We've added details about your ability to manage the information you share with us, (such as operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information, etc.), and the new tools we've created to help you do that.
3. We've updated the Policy：We used MobTech's ShareSDK to realize the permissions function. For the detailed privacy policy of this product, please refer to:
http://www.mob.com/about/policy
Data you provide us.
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Player name and password
Profile information (such as profile photo)
Your messages to the Service (such as chat logs and player support tickets)
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
Data we collect automatically.
Data about your account and game progress
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
General location data
This updated Policy gives you more control over your information and more clearly explains how we use it. Our core commitments regarding your privacy haven't changed, including the commitment in our Charter to never sell your data.
1.Introduction
1.1 Special Gamez makes great games that offer fun, bitesize entertainment experiences for everyone to enjoy. We at Special Gamez respect the privacy of everyone who uses our games, website(s) and all related services which we may provide to you from time to time ("Services"). In this document we refer to Special Gamez as "Special Gamez" "us", "we" or "our" and we refer to you as "you" and "your".
1.2 This document, the "Privacy Policy", explains how we collect, process and store any personal data belonging to you, meaning information about you which is personally identifiable such as your name, address, telephone number or email address. Such information is referred to throughout this policy as "Personal Information" or "data".
1.3 By accessing and/or using our Services you consent to us collecting, processing, storing and sharing your Personal Information in the ways set out in this Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns about providing data to us or having it used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy you should not use our Services. As set out in the terms and conditions relating to our Services, you must be at least 13 years old to access and use our Services.
2.About us
We are a game studio called Special Gamez. At Special Gamez, we design strategy games, which are easy to play but challenging to master, appealing people to play again and again. Whoever you are-the crazy fans of Apple or big lovers of Android, Our games will be your best bet! Think big, being small! We don't make games, we make fun!
3. Information we collect about you, and how we collect it
com.android.vending.BILLING  google play purchase
android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED
android.permission.INTERNET access network
android.permission.GET_TASKS Allows a program to get information about currently or recently running tasks
android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE Allows the program to access information about the GSM network
android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE Allows program to access Wi-Fi network status
android.permission.WAKE_LOCK Allows WakeLocks using PowerManager to keep processes from disappearing from the screen while hibernate
android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE  Write SD CARD
android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE   Read SD CARD
android.permission.CAMERA  Access to camera so players need to upload their avatar
android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_STATE Allows the program to change the Wi-Fi connection status
android.permission.MANAGE_ACCOUNTS  Allows the program to manage the list of accounts in AccountManager
android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS  Access an account list in the Accounts Service
4. Cookies
4.1 We use cookies and other similar technologies. Cookies are small files which store some information on your computer or mobile device.
4.2 We use cookies and similar technologies:
to allow us to recognize you and your device, for example by identifying your IP address;
to allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform (where you have chosen to allow such interaction);
to allow our payment processors to process your payment instructions;
to provide you with more customized Services, for example to provide our Services in the correct language;
to obtain data which will allow us to understand how people are using our Services so that we can improve them.
4.3 By accessing our website(s) or using our Services you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You can disable cookies through your web or phone browser settings but you may find you are not able to enjoy all the features of our Services if you do so.
4.4 We advertise our Services on mobile devices. Ad identifiers are non-permanent, non-personal, device identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple's ID for advertising, or IDFA. When we advertise our Services on mobile devices, we may use your device's advertising identifier and other information associated with it, which we may hold ourselves or may be provided to us by our advertising network partners, to help us to deliver ads that relate to your interests and to improve and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns. You can choose to prevent your device's ad identifier being used for interest based advertising, or you can reset your device's ad identifier, by changing the settings of your device. Settings vary from device to device, but if you are using an Apple device with iOS 7 you can find the ad identifier settings under Settings>Privacy>Advertising, and if you are using a Google Android device running Android 2.3 or later you can find the ad identifier settings under Settings>Google>Ads.
5. Payment Information
When you purchase Services on our website(s), we may collect certain payment information from you on behalf of our payment service providers, but this information is temporarily cached in a way that is unreadable by Special Gamez. When you purchase items via our apps (such as those you can purchase in the App Store, the Windows Store, via Amazon Kindle or on Google Play) we do not collect or store any payment information from you.
6. How will we use your Personal Information?
You agree that we (or a supplier or group company acting on our behalf and only under our instructions) may use your Personal Information for the purposes of:
contacting you, for example as part of customer service or to send you updates about our Services;
managing your account and relationship with us and improving your experience when you use our Services;
research, surveying, and engaging with you, for example by sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes;
marketing and promotion of our Services or related products, for example sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes on our, or a third party's behalf. For example, we might send you information about merchandise relating to our Services If you do not want us to use your data in this way please let us know by contacting us at sgamezservice@qiyi.com;
to create reports, analysis or similar services for use by us for the purposes of research or business intelligence, for example to track potential problems or trends with our Services;
preventing cheating, crime or fraud. We may also need to pass your information to fraud prevention agencies and other organizations involved in crime and fraud prevention;
as otherwise expressly set out in this Privacy Policy or as required by law.
7. Will we share your Personal Information with third parties?
We will only share your data with third parties (for example, our group companies or suppliers):
with your consent (including as set out in this Privacy Policy);
as reasonably necessary in order to provide the Services to you (for example, by providing your Personal Information to suppliers we may use to fulfil the Services or to communicate with you);
where it is necessary to carry out your instructions (for example, to process a payment instruction we must provide your Personal Information to our payment processors);
where your data is on an anonymous and aggregated basis, meaning you could not be personally identified from it;
when you submit information as part of a competition or otherwise interact with our social media channels (for example, by providing a testimonial about one of our Services) we may publish the information you submitted, alongside your name and home country on our website and social media channels;
as we reasonably believe is permitted by law or regulation;
in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and/or any other agreement with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Special Gamez, our users, or others;
in the event that there is a sale of the assets of Special Gamez or corporate restructuring, or as a result of a change of control of Special Gamez or one of its group companies, or in preparation of any of these events. Any third party to which Special Gamez transfers of sells Special Gamez' assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We will not sell or rent your information to any third party outside of these circumstances.
8. Interaction with third party social networks or platforms
8.1 You may allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform, which will provide data about you to us. These applications or websites are created and maintained by a third party which is not a part of, or controlled by Special Gamez. You should ensure that you read their terms of service and privacy policies to understand how they treat your data and what data they might share with us.
8.2 You understand that where you allow our Services to interact with any third party social network or platform, we may share data about you with your contacts (and vice versa) in order that you may enjoy playing socially (the "Social Data"). This Social Data includes your name, your social media profile picture and your scores and/or progress in our games.
8.3 You can make changes to what data a third party social network or platform shares with us, or stop our Services interacting with that social network or platform by adjusting your settings with that third party provider, however you may find you are not able to enjoy all of the same features of our Services.
8.4 Special Gamez Profile
8.5 Users of our Services may be automatically assigned a profile which is visible to other users of our Services. Your profile may include the Social Data described above, game achievements or other game play information and details of which other Special Gamez account holders have viewed your profile.
8.6 Your profile will be visible to other users of our services. If you choose to view another individual's profile, that individual and other users of our Services will know that you have visited them because some of your Social Data and a link to your profile will be displayed on that individual's profile. They will also be able to visit your profile.
9. For how long will we retain your information?
9.1 We will retain your Personal Information for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected or as needed to provide you with Services. We may retain your Personal Information after you have closed any account you have with us or after we have ceased providing Services to you if retention of your Personal Information is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes between members, prevent fraud, cheating or abuse, or enforce this Privacy Policy or any other agreement we may have with a user.
9.2 Special Gamez Chat
Users of our Special Gamez Chat service can send messages to other Special Gamez account holders who are their friends. Your messages may be stored by us: (a) to convey your messages; and (b) to enable you and your recipients to view your message history
10. Will we transfer your Personal Information overseas?
Your Personal Information may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the United States of America ("USA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the USA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
11. How do we protect your Personal Information?
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical and physical safeguards to protect your Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction or loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, use and all other unlawful forms of processing of the data in our possession. We use the same level of skill in protecting your Personal Information as other similar games developers. However, since the internet is not a completely secure environment we cannot guarantee that information you transmit via our Games will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our safeguards.
12. Links from our Services
We may provide links to third party websites from our Services. You understand that when you click on these links any data which you provide thereafter is subject to such third party's privacy policy and not to ours. Although we will endeavor only to link to reputable websites, Special Gamez takes no responsibility for the content, safety or security of any third party website.
13. Your rights in relation to your Personal Information
13.1 You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your Personal Information, please contact us at sgamezservice@qiyi.com - we may make a small charge for this.
13.2 We want to make sure that your Personal Information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to modify, correct or remove information by contacting us at the email address above.
13.3 Information that you have shared via our Services on any social network or third party platform cannot be amended or deleted by us where it is in the control of that social network or third party platform. In addition, where any third party copies information which you have made available via the use of our Services (for example, one of your friends on a social network you allow to interact with your account), we may not be able to amend or delete it because it may not be in our control.
13.4 You have the right to ask us not to use your Personal Information for marketing purposes. To change your marketing preferences, or to unsubscribe, please contact us at sgamezservice@qiyi.com
14. How to contact us
To find out more about how your Personal Information will be used please contact us by email at the address above.
15. Complaints
We hope that you won't have any complaints about us or our Services. If you are unhappy with our use of your Personal Information then please contact our customer services department by emailingservice@sgamez.com. You also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority if there is a problem.
16. Legal matters
16.1 If any court or other competent authority finds any of the terms of this Privacy Policy to be invalid or unenforceable, the other terms of this Privacy Policy will not be affected.
16.2 This Privacy Policy is governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California. Any dispute arising in connection with this Privacy Policy will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of California and of the United States of America located in the State of California unless you choose the courts of your home country.
16.3 We are constantly innovating and looking for new ways to improve our Services and our games. We may therefore amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect such improvements or any other changes to our business. We will endeavor to tell you about any significant changes to this Privacy Policy which we feel may disadvantage you in any material way. If you object to any of the changes you should immediately stop using our Services and close any account you may have with us.
Social Media (Facebook, Google, etc.)
1.	What data we collect
1.1 We will/may collect and use your personal data:
a)	Account Creation Information: Upon creating a Account, we may gather details such as username, birthdate, age, gender, email address, phone number, password, verification code, and open id, to assist in establishing and managing your account for our Services, offering game login Services, and for additional purposes outlined in this Policy.
b)	Personal Profile Data: You have the option to create personalized profiles (where applicable) in our Services by selecting a nickname, crafting a personal signature, uploading an avatar, and providing other relevant details based on our service setup.
c)	Chat Records: If you utilize chat functions in our Services (e.g., in-game chat), we may process the communication log and apply end-to-end encryption to safeguard your information.
d)	Survey Responses: If you participate in our surveys, we will gather your responses.
e)	Participation Information for Events and Promotions: If you choose to take part in any events or promotions organized by us (such as campaigns), we may collect information related to your participation, including your name, your user id, email address, mobile phone number, nickname, and country/region. In case you win any prizes, you may also need to provide us with your mailing address so that we can send you the prize. Your participation information may be added to your Account.
f)	Game Data: We collect information about your in-game experience points, game progress, your level, score, and user statistics, and other similar data generated while using our Services. This information helps us understand your gaming preferences, provide personalized feedback, and enhance your overall experience with our Services.
g)	IP Address, Location Information, and related Device Information: We collect information like IP address, location data such as geographical location, network status information, and device information such as device ID, device name, device type/model, MAC address, IMEI data, CPU data, graphics card model, OS version and language, time zone, screen DPI, device resolution, memory data, and graphics card model. Additionally, we gather information related to bugs, errors, crashes, and diagnostics, including registration/login time, game version, stack trace, crash reports, and abnormal process data to better understand your device, usage patterns, and location.
h)	Advertisement ID: We store the Advertising ID and select device information for each advertisement, along with your profile, to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns. Furthermore, we may use your de-identified email address, including those collected from third-party social media providers when you log in via your social media account(s), to track the success of our advertising and marketing campaigns after implementing appropriate technical security measures.
i)	Transaction Information: If you choose to make purchases using your Account, we may need to collect your payment data and the data generated from such transaction information, such as points and membership level, to process the purchase(s) and related activities, which could include your name, bank/debit/credit card number, card expiration date, billing address (country, city, postal code, address), and CVV.
j)	Customer Support Ticket ID & User Communications with Support: We collect information related to your support requests, including ticket ID and your communication history with our support team, to better assist you and improve our Services.
k)	Marketing and Communication Data: We collect information about your preferences for receiving marketing materials, your communication preferences, and your communication history with us and our service providers, to tailor our communications with you and enhance your user experience.
l)	Security-Related Information: We collect, and process data related to the security of your account and our Services, such as password changes and login history, to ensure the safety and integrity of our platform.
m)	Other Information: We may collect additional information as required by specific Services or features within our platform. In such cases, we will provide separate privacy notices detailing the collection and usage of this information.
2.1 Data we collect from our partners:
a)	If you opt to access our Services using your social media account(s), we might receive your social media account data from third-party social media providers. The information obtained will be integrated with your account information.
b)	Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your Ip address)
c)	Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
d)	Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
e)	Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service
2.	Purpose for which we process the data.
2.1 To make the Service work.
a)	To perform the contract, we process data necessary to
b)	Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
c)	Operate the Service
d)	Verify and confirm payments
e)	Provide and deliver products and services you request
f)	Send you Service-related communications
2.2 To make the Service more suitable for our players.
a)	To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to
b)	Update and develop player profiles
c)	Develop and improve the Service and player experience
d)	Manage our relationship with you
e)	Provide social features as part of the Service
f)	Customize your Service experience
g)	Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
h)	Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
i)	Enable you to communicate with other players
2.3 To show personalized advertisements.
a)	To show you personalized advertisements in the Service and elsewhere (including email) we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
b)	Track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
c)	Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service
d)	For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section 'Your Rights and Options' below.
2.3 To keep the Service safe and fair.
a)	Ensuring a level playing field in the Service is a top priority for us
b)	In order to keep the Service and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
c)	Analyze and monitor use of the Service and its social features
d)	Moderate chats either automatically or manually
e)	Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
2.4 To analyze, profile, and segment.
a)	In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
3.	How we process your data.
3.1 We will/may use the information for the following purposes:
3.1.1 to create your account for the Game in accordance with your request;
a)	Generated username and open id: to store your Game data (including level and progress) with your profile;
b)	To contact or communicate with you by telephone, SMS and/or fax messages, email and/or postal mail or other means to manage and/or administer your relationship with us or your use of our services;
c)	to maintain a record of your transaction history;
d)	to manage, operate, provide and/or administer your use of and/or access to our Services (including, without limitation, your preferences), as well as your relationship and Account with us;
e)	for identification and/or verification; (where applicable)
f)	to conduct research, analysis and development activities (including, but not limited to, data analytics, surveys, product and service development and/or profiling), to analyse how you use our Services, to improve our Services or products and/or to enhance your customer experience;
g)	If you enable chat services (audio or text) then we will process such data in order to deliver your messages to other users;
h)	for security and verification purposes; identify and address bugs and assess game function for optimize action; anti-hacking, solve game crashes and optimize compatibility of devices with the game; and to combat users registering for multiple accounts;
i)	to allow other users to interact, communicate, or connect with you, including to inform you when another user has sent you a private message or posted a comment for you via the Game or Services;
j)	to store, host, back up (whether for disaster recovery or otherwise) of your personal data, whether within or outside of your jurisdiction;
k)	to carry out due diligence or other screening activities (including, without limitation, background checks) in accordance with legal or regulatory obligations or our risk management procedures that may be required by law or that may have been put in place by us;
l)	to respond to legal processes or to comply with or as required by any applicable law, governmental or regulatory requirements of any relevant jurisdiction, including, without limitation, meeting the requirements to make disclosure under the requirements of any law binding on us or related corporations or affiliates;
m)	for marketing and, advertising for any marketing activities where permissible under applicable law, and in this regard, to recommend products and/or services relevant to your interests, to send you by various mediums and modes (including email or SMS) of communication marketing and promotional information and materials relating to products and/or services (including, without limitation, products and/or services of third parties whom We may collaborate or tie up with) that We (and/or its affiliates or related corporations) may be selling, marketing or promoting, whether such products or services exist now or are created in the future. You can unsubscribe from receiving marketing information at any time by using the unsubscribe function within the electronic marketing material. We may use your contact information to send newsletters or marketing materials from us and from our related companies;
n)	other purposes which are permissible under applicable law and which we notify you of at the time of obtaining your consent.
3.2 Such purposes may not be the case because the purposes for which we will collect/may collect, use, disclose or process your personal data depend on the circumstances at hand. However, unless Privacy Laws permit processing of applicable data without your consent, we will notify you of other purposes at the time we obtain your consent.
4. The deletion of Personal Data
4.1 We will delete your personal data as reasonably possible in the following cases:
a) When we stop operating our Service;
b) When a platform, such as Facebook and Google requires the deletion of your Open Platform Data at their discretion, either to protect you or as part of their compliance review;
c) When required by applicable law or regulation.
d) When you request your data to be deleted;
4.2 How users may request deletion of that data.
a) Click the "Settings" button in the game.
b) Click the "Support".
c) Click "Contact Us" - "Other Issues".
d) Select "Delete Personal Data".
e) Confirm with the customer service to delete personal information, and the deletion of personal information will be completed within 7 days if confirmed.
Please note that users have the right to withdraw, revoke. cancel, opt-out, stop, reject, terminate consent to the processing of personal data. User data collection will stop when above requested and any stored user data collected before the request will be deleted.
When destroying personal information, measures will be taken to make the personal information irrecoverable or irreproducible, and electronic files which contain personal information will be deleted permanently using a technical method which makes the files irreproducible.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Demographics and Interests Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
By logging in to your account
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
Within 7 business days
We will notify the users via in-site notification
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
sgamezservice@qiyi.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Special Gamez
15260 Ventura Blvd, Suite 1708 Sherman Oaks, CA 91403
sgamezservice@qiyi.com
Tel: 028-69760608-880
HP: http://warship.sgamez.com/
TERMS OF USE
Welcome to Special Gamez. Here are some of the changes about GDPR you'll see:
1.	We've updated the Policy to reflect changes in data privacy laws.
2.	We've added details about your ability to manage the information you share with us (such as operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information, etc.), and the new tools we've created to help you do that.
Data you provide us.
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Player name and password
Profile information (such as profile photo)
Your messages to the Service (such as chat logs and player support tickets)
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
Data we collect automatically.
Data about your account and game progress
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
General location data
This updated term gives you more control over your information and more clearly explains how we use it. Our core commitments regarding your privacy haven't changed, including the commitment in our Charter to never sell your data.
1.About these terms
1.1 These terms create a legal agreement between you ("you" or "your") and Special Gamez ("we", "us" or "our") in relation to our website at www.specialgamez.com ("Website"), games that are made available via our Website ("Game" or "Games"), and any related services (together with the Website and Games, the "Services"). You agree that by accessing and/or using our Services, you are agreeing to these terms and our Privacy Policy (see paragraph 10 below).
1.2 You agree that you are at least 13 years old and that if you are between 13 years and 18 years old, your legal guardian has reviewed and agrees to these terms and is happy for you to access and use our Services.
1.3 We can make changes to all the terms at any time in accordance with paragraph 14 below and your continued use of our Services shall confirm your acceptance of the updated terms.
2.About accessing and using our Services
2.1 The specific game rules, scoring rules, controls and guidelines for each Game can be found within the Game itself. Such rules, scoring rules, controls and guidelines form part of these terms and you agree that you shall comply with them in respect of each individual Game which you choose to access and/or play.
2.2 The charge for any individual item you can purchase via our Website shall be as stated on our Website at the time you place the order, except in the case of obvious error. The charge is inclusive of all sales taxes and other charges. Depending on which bank you use, additional charges may be issued by your bank; we have no control over this and accept no liability in relation to the same. If you are unsure whether you will be subject to such additional charges then you should check with your bank before making a purchase via our Website. We accept payment via our payment processing partners by credit card, debit card, and PayPal only. Our payment processing partners may have their own terms and conditions and you should ensure you are in agreement with these prior to making any payment. If your transaction with our payment processing partners is not successful then your purchase will not be fulfilled. Upon the completion of a successful payment transaction then your purchase will be fulfilled to you as soon as possible – we will endeavor to fulfill your order immediately at the point of purchase.
2.3 You are responsible for the internet connection and/or mobile charges that you may incur for using our Services. You should ask your mobile operator or internet service provider if you are unsure what these charges will be, before you play.
2.4 We have the right to withdraw or modify one or more of our Games or any other part of our Services (in whole or in part) without liability to you from time to time:
for technical reasons (such as technical difficulties experienced by us or on the internet);
to allow us to improve user experience;
where we have legal reasons for doing so (including privacy or other legal objections to the content or conduct of our Services);
because it no longer makes business sense for us to provide the relevant Game or part of our Services; or
because we have altered the services we provide.
2.5 There may also be times when our Services or any part of our Services is not available for technical or maintenance related reasons, whether on a scheduled or unscheduled basis.
3.Accounts
3.1 You agree that you shall take all steps necessary to protect your log in details and keep them secret. You agree that you shall not give your log in details to anyone else or allow anyone else to use your log in details or account. In these terms, references to "log in details" or "account" include your log in details and account for any social network or platform that you may allow our Services to interact with.
3.2 If you fail to keep your login details secret, or if you share your login details or account with someone else (whether intentionally or unintentionally), you accept full responsibility for the consequences of this (including any unauthorized purchases) and agree to fully compensate us for any losses or harm that may result.
3.3 We will not be responsible to you for any loss that you suffer as a result of an unauthorized person accessing your account and using our Services and we accept no responsibility for any losses or harm resulting from its unauthorized use, whether fraudulently or otherwise.
3.4 You understand that if you delete your account, or if we delete your account in accordance with these terms, you may lose access to any data previously associated with your account (including, without limitation, the level or score you have reached in our Games and any Virtual Money or Virtual Goods associated with your account).
4.Virtual Goods and Virtual Money
4.1 Our Games may include virtual currencies such as coins, gold coins and points ("Virtual Money") or items or services for use with our Games ("Virtual Goods"). You can buy Virtual Money from us for real money if you are at least 18 years old. If you are over 18 years old you may also be able to buy Virtual Goods for real money and/or other credits. You agree that Virtual Money and Virtual Goods can never be exchanged for real money, real goods or real services from us or anyone else. You also agree that you will only obtain Virtual Money and/or Virtual Goods from us, and not from any third party.
4.2 You do not own Virtual Goods or Virtual Money but instead you purchase a limited personal revocable licence to use them – any balance of Virtual Goods or Virtual Money does not reflect any stored value.
4.3 You agree that all sales by us to you of Virtual Money and Virtual Goods are final and that we will not refund any transaction once it has been made.
4.4 We reserve the right to control, regulate, change or remove any Virtual Money or Virtual Goods without any liability to you.
4.5 Without limiting paragraph 3.5, if we suspend or terminate your account in accordance with paragraph 7 of these terms you will lose any Virtual Money and Virtual Goods that you may have and we will not compensate you for this loss or make any refund to you.
5.User conduct and content
5.1 You must comply with the laws that apply to you in the location that you access our Services from. If any laws applicable to you restrict or prohibit you from using our Services, you must comply with those legal restrictions or, if applicable, stop accessing and/or using our Services.
5.2 You promise that all the information you provide to us on accessing and/or accessing our Services is and shall remain true, accurate and complete at all times.
5.3 Information, data, software, sound, photographs, graphics, video, tags, or other materials may be sent, uploaded, communicated, transmitted or otherwise made available via our Services by you or another user ("Content"). You understand and agree that all Content that you may be sent when using our Services, whether publicly posted or privately sent, is the sole responsibility of the person that sent the Content. This means that you, not us, are entirely responsible for all Content that you may upload, communicate, transmit or otherwise make available via our Services.
5.4 You agree not to upload, communicate, transmit or otherwise make available any Content:
that is or could reasonably be viewed as unlawful, harmful, harassing, defamatory, libelous, obscene or otherwise objectionable;
that is or could reasonably be viewed as invasive of another's privacy;
that is likely to, or could reasonably be viewed as likely to incite violence or racial or ethnic hatred;
which you do not have a right to make available lawfully (such as inside information, information which belongs to someone else or confidential information);
which infringes any intellectual property right or other proprietary right of others;
which consists of any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, 'junk mail', 'spam', 'chain letters', 'pyramid schemes' or any other form of solicitation;or
which contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
5.5 You agree that you will not:
use our Services to harm anyone or to cause offence to or harass any person;
create more than one account per platform to access our Services;
use another person or entity's email address in order to sign up to use our Services;
use our Services for fraudulent or abusive purposes (including, without limitation, by using our Services to impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person, entity or our Services);
disguise, anonymize or hide your IP address or the source of any Content that you may upload;
use our Services for any commercial or business purpose or for the benefit of any third party or to send unsolicited communications;
remove or amend any proprietary notices or other ownership information from our Games or any other part of our Services;
interfere with or disrupt our Services or servers or networks that provide our Services;
attempt to decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or hack any of our Services, or to defeat or overcome any of our encryption technologies or security measures or data transmitted, processed or stored by us;
'harvest', 'scrape' or collect any information about or regarding other people that use our Services, including, but not limited to any personal data or information (including by uploading anything that collects information including but not limited to 'pixel tags' cookies, graphics interchange formats ('gifs') or similar items that are sometimes also referred to as 'spyware' or 'pcms' (passive collection mechanisms);
sell, transfer or try to sell or transfer an account with us or any part of an account including any Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods;
disrupt the normal flow of a Game or otherwise act in a manner that is likely to negatively affect other players' ability to compete fairly when playing our Games or engaging in real time exchanges;
disobey any requirements or regulations of any network connected to our Services;
use our Services in violation of any applicable law or regulation;
use our Services to cheat or design or assist in cheating (for example, by using automated means or third party software to play), or to otherwise circumvent technological measures designed to control access to, or elements of, our Services, or to do anything else that a reasonable person is likely to believe is not within the spirit of fair play or these terms; or use our Services in any other way not permitted by these terms.
If you are concerned that someone else is not complying with any part of these terms, please contact us here: sgamezservice@qiyi.com
5.6 We do not control Content posted on our Services by other people and therefore we do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of that Content. You understand that when using our Services, you may be exposed to Content that you may consider offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any losses or harm of any kind resulting from the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via our Services.
5.7 We have the right to remove uploaded Content from our Services if we decide in our sole discretion that it results in or from a breach of any part of these terms, or that it may bring us or our Services into disrepute. However, you acknowledge that we do not actively monitor Content that is contributed by people that use our Services and we make no undertaking to do so.
5.8 You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of our Services.
6.Playing our Games with other users
6.1 Some of our Games allow you to play against an opponent or to play socially with other users. You may be able to (i) choose to play against another user or to play socially with another user whom Special Gamez selects for you, or (ii) play against, or play socially with one of your contacts on a platform or social network which you have allowed our games to interact with. Some of our Games may also allow you to search for your friends (for example, by email address) in order to find them to play against or play socially with. We may also display the display names of your past opponents so that you can easily find them to play again.
6.2 Where Special Gamez selects another user for you, we may either select at random or use such criteria as we see fit to select your opponent (for example, your past scores, your location or level you have reached in the Game).
6.3 By accessing and/or playing those of our Games which allow you to play against an opponent or to play socially, you agree to your display name, scores, and other related details being displayed to other users. You also understand and agree that other users may find you by searching for you with your email address. Please note that we will only show your display name publically, and not your email address; another user must already know your email address in order to search for you.
7.Your breach of these terms
7.1 We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to our Services (including by deleting your account) if we reasonably believe that you are in material breach of these terms (including by repeated minor breaches). Without limitation, any breaches of paragraphs 5.4 or 5.5 are likely to be considered material breaches.
7.2 You agree to compensate us, according to law, for all losses, harm, claims and expenses that may arise from any breach of these terms by you.
8.Disclaimer and release
8.1 We accept liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our employees or agents, and for losses or harm caused by fraud by us or our agents, or any other liability which may not by law be excluded.
8.2 For any losses or harm (other than those mentioned in paragraph 8.1 ), in any period of twelve months, we will only be responsible for losses or harm which are a reasonably foreseeable consequence of our negligence or breach of these terms and conditions up to the value of the amount that you have paid to us in the 100 day period ending on the date of your claim. Losses and harm are foreseeable where they could be contemplated by you and us at the time of you agreeing to these terms and conditions.
8.3 We are not responsible for:
losses or harm not caused by our breach of these terms or negligence; or
losses or harm which are not reasonably foreseeable by you and us at the time of you agreeing to these terms and conditions including those losses which happen as a side effect of foreseeable losses. This could include loss of data, loss of opportunity, service interruption, computer or other device failure or financial loss;
any increase in loss or damage resulting from breach by you of any of these terms and conditions; or
technical failures or the lack of availability of our Website, Games, and/or social media channels where these are not within our reasonable control.
8.4 We will provide our Services with the same skill and care as other similar website service providers, but you acknowledge that your only right with respect to any problems or dissatisfaction with any of our Services is to discontinue your use of our Services and we are not responsible or liable for any interruptions or errors that you may experience while accessing our Services.

8.5 Any additional legal rights which you may have as a consumer remain unaffected by these terms.
9.Intellectual property
9.1 You acknowledge that all copyright, trade marks, and other intellectual property rights in and relating to our Services (other than Content which is contributed and owned by players) is owned by or licensed to us.
9.2 Whilst you are in compliance with these terms, we grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, personal, revocable limited licence to access and use our Services (but not the related object and source code) for your own personal private use, in each case provided that such use is in accordance with these terms. You agree not to use our Services for anything else.
9.3 You must not copy, distribute, make available to the public or create any derivative work from our Services or any part of our Services unless we have first agreed to this in writing.
9.4 In particular, and without limiting the application of paragraph 9.3 , you must not make available any cheats or technological measures designed to control access to, or elements of, our Services, including providing access to any Virtual Currency and/or Virtual Goods, whether on a free of charge basis or otherwise.
9.5 By submitting Content (as defined in paragraph 5.3 ) via our Services you:
are representing that you are fully entitled to do so;
grant us and our group companies the right to edit, adapt, publish and use your entry and any derivative works we may create from it, in any and all media (whether it exists now or in the future), for any purpose, in perpetuity, without any payment to you;
acknowledge that you may have what are known as "moral rights" in the Content, for example the right to be named as the creator of your entry and the right not to have work subjected to derogatory treatment. You agree to waive any such moral rights you may have in the Content; and
agree that we have no obligation to monitor or protect your rights in any Content that you may submit to us, but you do give us the right to enforce your rights in that Content if we want to, including but not limited to taking legal action (at our cost) on your behalf.
9.6 You must not copy, distribute, make available to the public or create any derivative work from any Content belonging to any other user of our Services. If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed by someone else over the internet, you may contact us by emailing the following information to sgamezservice@qiyi.com:
a description of the intellectual property rights and an explanation as to how they have been infringed;
a description of where the infringing material is located;
your address, phone number and email address;
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that (i) you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use of material in which you own intellectual property rights is not authorized, and (ii) the information that you are providing is accurate, correct, and that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
and a physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that has allegedly been infringed.
10.Privacy
10.1 We will only collect, process, use and share your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy and as set out in these terms. By using our Services, you give your consent to us collecting, processing, using and sharing your personal data in this way. If you do not agree to our Privacy Policy you should not access and/or use our Services.
10.2 Any personal information that we collect may also be subject to the policy of any social network that you may agree to link our Services to. If you play our Games and you agree to allow them to interact with a social network you are giving us permission to use any information which that social network shares with us that will allow us to personally identify you. You are also granting us permission to help your contacts on that network find you so that you can play socially. This is intended to make our Games more enjoyable for you and others that play our Games on that social network. If you do not agree to these practices you should not allow our Games to interact with your social network.
10.3 We may use cookies, or similar technologies (such as HTML5 Local Storage) to store certain types of information each time you use our Services. They may for example be used to help us recognize your computer and to ensure that your account is accessed by the person that inputs the correct username and password for that account. You can find out more about how we use cookies and other similar technologies by reading our Privacy Policy.
10.4 When you are using the app, we will collect your device information (IDFV, Android ID, operating system, device model, device manufacturer, system version, etc.) through ThinkingData for statistical analysis of your use effect in the app.
10.5 Fill in the following content according to the actual situation in the "Share with Authorized Partners" column in the "Privacy Policy".
ThinkingData SDK: Collect your device information (IDFV, Android ID, operating system, device model, device manufacturer, system version, etc.) and networking information for data analysis to improve our products and services.
10.6 When you uninstall the app and request to delete your data, the Facebook system will perform the data deletion operation. You can do this by going to your Facebook profile, Settings & Privacy > Settings > Apps & Websites, then clicking the Remove button.
11.Links
We may link to third party websites or services from our Services. You understand that we make no promises regarding any content, goods or services provided by such third parties and we do not endorse the same. We are also not responsible to you in relation to any losses or harm caused by such third parties. Any charges you incur in relation to those third parties are your responsibility. You understand that when you provide data to such third parties you are providing it in accordance with their privacy policy (if any) and our own privacy policy does not apply in relation to that data.
12.Transferring these terms
We may wish to transfer all or a part of our rights or responsibilities under these terms to someone else without obtaining your consent. You agree that we may do so provided that the transfer does not significantly disadvantage you. You may not transfer any of the rights we give you under these terms unless we first agree to this in writing.
13.Entire agreement
These terms set out the entire agreement between you and us concerning our Services (as defined in paragraph 1) and they replace all earlier agreements and understandings between you and us. If you also access or play our Games via other platforms (for example, by downloading our Games to play via Google Play or the App Store, or by accessing our Games via any other third party website or service, including, without limitation, Facebook) then different terms and conditions apply in respect of those Games.
14.Changes to these terms
We reserve the right to update these terms mentioned from time to time by posting the updated version at that address. We may do so because we change the nature of our products or services, for technical or legal reasons, or because the needs of our business have changed. You agree that if you do not accept any amendment to our terms then you shall immediately stop accessing and/or using our Services.
15.Severability
If any part of these terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable under any applicable local laws or by an applicable court, that part shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect as nearly as possible our original intentions and the remainder of these terms shall remain valid and enforceable.
16.Waivers of our rights
Our failure to exercise or enforce any of our rights under these terms does not waive our right to enforce such right. Any waiver of such rights shall only be effective if it is in writing and signed by us.
17.Complaints and dispute resolution
Most concerns can be solved quickly by contacting us at sgamezservice@qiyi.com In the unlikely event that we cannot solve your concern and you wish to bring legal action against us these terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.
18.Questions about these terms
18.1 If you have any questions about these terms or our Games you may contact us by email at sgamezservice@qiyi.com