PRIVACY POLICY
To access the HODL Service, you must explicitly consent to our privacy and data security practices.
HODL users who are also HODL Trading users should carefully read and consent to the applicable
FTX
or
FTX US
terms of service and privacy policy prior to creating a HODL Trading account.  Whether the FTX or FTX US terms of service and privacy policy apply depends on your location.
WHAT TYPES OF DATA ARE COLLECTED?
To ensure the best product for Users, Usage Data may be collected while Users are using the application.
Certain types of Usage Data may be freely provided by the User while using the application. For example, when a User manually inputs the details of their transactions, this data is then utilized to provide features such as total portfolio values and profit/loss over time.
Other types of Usage Data may be collected by the application automatically for the purposes of improving the product. For example, debugging information to help identify and address bugs may be compiled.
However, no personal information that could identify a User in any way is ever collected for accounts that do not create a user login. Any data collected is used solely for the purposes of providing the best service possible for the User.
HOW IS DATA COLLECTED?
Usage Data can be collected through cookies or similar technologies.
HOW IS DATA PROCESSED?
The Data is processed in a responsible manner and using security best practices to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction. Access to the Data within HODL is limited in usage to only when required for user benefiting functions, including for the following purposes:
ANALYTICS
Google Analytics, and other similar tools, are utilized to analyze usage of the application only to improve the functionality and benefits for the User. This is done only after aggregating data across our entire user base, preventing any visibility into the individual portfolio level.
CUSTOMER SUPPORT
Users may, from time to time, submit requests for modifications, deletions, or other types of changes to their portfolio data. In order to fulfill these requests, custom support representatives may (only with the User’s permission) access such data.
Data is also only processed following strict organizational procedures to ensure it is limited to the purpose indicated above.
WHERE IS DATA PROCESSED?
The Data is processed at HODL’s operating office and in any other place where the parties involved with the processing are located.
HOW LONG IS DATA RETAINED?
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide services and features to the User. At any time, the User may request to have their data be suspended or removed. Upon first request, HODL will remove the data specified.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will take steps to notify all users through the HODL mobile app. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
MISCELLANEOUS
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between each you and HODL concerning the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior or contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except to the extent applicable law provides otherwise, these Terms of Use and any access to or use of the HODL Service will be governed by the laws of England, without regard to the conflict of laws rules thereof. All disputes of any nature related to these Terms of Use shall be determined by final and binding arbitration in the courts of England and Wales.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions, please contact us at:
HODL Media Inc.
Email Address:
support@hodl.mobi
LAST UPDATED: JUNE 2021