Home
Privacy And Security Policy
Last Updated: February 15, 2024
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which MacrosFirst,
										LLC collects, uses,
										maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the
http://www.MacrosFirst.com
website
										("Site"). This privacy
										policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by MacrosFirst,
										LLC.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways,
									including, but not
									limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill
									out a form, and in
									connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available
									on our Site. Users
									may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. We will collect personal
									identification
									information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users
									can always refuse
									to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them
									from engaging in
									certain Site related activities.
NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they
									interact with our Site.
									Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of
									computer and technical
									information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating
									system and the Internet
									service providers utilized and other similar information.
WEB BROWSER COOKIES
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places
									cookies on their hard
									drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them.
									User may choose to set
									their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If
									they do so, note
									that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
MacrosFirst, LLC may collect and use Users personal information for the following
									purposes:
To run and operate our Site
We may need your information to display content on the Site correctly
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and
										support needs more
										efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group
										use the services and
										resources provided on our Site.
To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order
										only to provide
										service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties
										except to the extent
										necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to
										their order. It may
										also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security
									measures to protect
									against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal
									information,
									username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others.
									We may share
									generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification
									information
									regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and
									advertisers for the
									purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate
									our business and
									the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or
									surveys. We may
									share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided
									that you have given
									us your permission.
Google Health Connect
You can choose to connect and share your information with Health Connect and your
										Health Connect information
										with MacrosFirst. The use of information received from Health Connect will
										adhere to
										the Health Connect Permissions Policy, including the
Limited
											Use requirements
.
LIMITED USE POLICY
MacrosFirst's use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google
									APIs will adhere to the
Google
										API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
ELECTRONIC NEWSLETTERS
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may
									include company news,
									updates, related product or service information, etc. We may use third party service
									providers to help
									us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as
									sending out
									newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for
									those limited
									purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and
									services of our
									partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do
									not control the
									content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the
									practices employed by
									websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including
									their content and
									links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own
									privacy policies and
									customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including
									websites which have
									a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
ADVERTISING
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may
									set cookies. These
									cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an
									online advertisement
									to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your
									computer. This
									information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted
									advertisements that they believe
									will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of
									cookies by any
									advertisers.
DELETION OF YOUR INFORMATION
You have the right to ask us to delete personal information about you if it no longer
									is required for
									the purpose it was collected, you have withdrawn your consent, you have a valid
									objection to us using
									your personal information, or our use of your personal information is contrary to
									law or our other legal
									obligations. To submit a data deletion request, please email us at
hello@macrosfirst.com
.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
MacrosFirst, LLC has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When
									we do, we will post
									a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check
									this page for any
									changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal
									information we collect. You
									acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy
									periodically and
									become aware of modifications.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree
									to this policy,
									please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of
									changes to this
									policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or
									your dealings with
									this site, please contact us at
hello@macrosfirst.com
.