Draw Your Game Privacy Policy - v1.0
Introduction
Zero One is the provider of an application called “Draw Your Game”. This policy describes the information we collect during your use of the application, how we use it, and how it may be shared.
Information collected
Draw Your Game requires several pieces of personal information in order to operate as designed, this set of information includes  only a nickname.
Some other pieces of personal information are not required to use the application but might be provided by the user, this second set of information includes a country and a year of birth.
Zero One uses provided information only for internal purposes and does not disclose data to third parties.
Analytics
Zero One uses third-party analytics software to provide us with information regarding the usage of the application. The information we receive from such third-party analytics software is not Personal Information attributable to any user but rather information that is aggregated by the software so that we can track such things as how many users are using the application on a daily, weekly or monthly basis.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Rights We Grant You
Draw Your Game is an application that lets the user create their own tiny video games, called ‘worlds’. Once created, those worlds can be shared with other players. Our team approves each new world before releasing it to the community of players, this ensures that there is no offending content.
Rights You Grant Us
Our Services let you create, upload, receive, and store content. When you do that, you retain whatever ownership rights in that content you had to begin with. But you grant us a license to use that content. For all content you submit to the Services, you grant Zero One and our affiliates a worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license to host, store, cache, use, display, reproduce, modify, adapt, edit, publish, analyze, transmit, and distribute that content. This license is for the purpose of operating, developing, providing, promoting, and improving the Services and researching and developing new ones. This license includes a right for us to make your content available to, and pass these rights along to, service providers with whom we have contractual relationships related to the provision of the Services, solely for the purpose of providing such Services. While we're not required to do so, we may access, review, screen, and delete your content at any time and for any reason, including to provide and develop the Services or if we think your content violates these Terms. You alone, though, remain responsible for the content you create, upload, or store through the Service.
External Links
There is no external links in the “Draw Your Game” application.
Access to Personal Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove or deactivate it by emailing our Customer Support at
contact@draw-your-game.com
.
Data Retention
We will retain your information as needed to provide you services. If you wish to request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at the email address provided above. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Age Restricted Activities
Most of the activities and features of the “Draw Your Game” application are able to be enjoyed by all ages.
Contacting the team
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, you can contact us on
contact@draw-your-game.com
.