Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the mobile application services that Shenzhen Shuzhi Scene Positioning Technology Co., Ltd. (Registered address: Room 201, Building A, No. 1 Qianhai 1st Road, Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong Modern Service Industry Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen, 518101) and its Affiliates (hereinafter referred to collectively as "Midea" or "we") provide to you and describes how we collect your personal information. We will collect your personal information within a reasonable and necessary scope in accordance with laws and regulations. We will spare no effort to adopt reasonable and effective information security technologies and management processes and take security measures to prevent leakage, damage, or loss of your information. We hope to explain to you through this Privacy Policy how we will protect your personal information.
The Privacy Policy is updated at least every 12 months. The Privacy Policy was updated on September 30, 2024 (V6)
Please read the Privacy Policy in its entirety. If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy, you can contact us via the email address provided herein.
By using or continuing to use our products and services, you agree to the content of the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any of the Privacy Policy, please stop using our services immediately.
1  Personal Information Collection
1.1  Definition of personal information
Personal information refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. In other words, personal information is any information that allows us to identify you directly or indirectly.
In the Privacy Policy, we also use "data" to represent personal information.
1.2  Circumstances of personal information collection
We will collect your personal information under the following circumstances:
When you register as our user;
When you buy our product;
When you sign up or join our event.
When you use our services and products;
1.3  Scope of personal information collection
（1）Circumstances where you shall authorize us to collect and use your personal information
The purpose of collecting your personal information is to provide you with products and/or services and to ensure that we comply with relevant applicable laws, regulations and other normative documents. You have the right to choose whether to provide the information, but in most cases, if you do not provide the information, we may not be able to provide you with the corresponding services or respond to the problems you encounter.
These services include:
You may register as our user or log in to the SmartHome app (hereinafter referred to as "SmartHome") with your mobile phone number, email address, or a third-party account (such as Facebook, Twitter, Google and Apple (iOS) account).
When you register or log in with your mobile phone number or email address, we will collect your phone number, email address, and password that you use in registration. If you refuse to provide such information, you will not be able to use the registration and login services.
When you use a third-party account to log in to the App, we need to obtain from the third party the account information (such as avatar and nickname prompted on the authorization page) that you authorize to share with us, and bind your third-party account to your account when you agree to this Privacy Policy, so that you can directly log in to the App with the third-party account to use our products and/or services. After confirming the legality of the source of personal information under the agreement with the third party, we will use your personal information under relevant laws and regulations. For example, you can log in to the App with a Facebook, Twitter, Google, or MAIKA account. If you use such an account, we need to obtain your email address, avatar and nickname on the third-party platform to identify you. If you log in with an "Apple (iOS)" account, we need to obtain your name and email address on the third-party platform to identify you. If the above information collection scope and methods are inconsistent with the statement or policy of a third-party platform, the statement or policy of the third-party platform shall prevail. You can choose whether to log in through the above methods. If you do not provide relevant information, we will not be able to create an account and provide services for you. When you have registered successfully, you can optionally enter your personal information in the profile section of the App, including your nickname and upload a picture as your avatar. Such information is your account information. The account information you add will help us provide you with better services. You will still be able to use the basic functions when you refuse to provide such additional information.
When you download or use the App, we may collect internet or other electronic network activity information and read information about your mobile device, including hardware device identification number (IMSI, IMEI, MEID, device hardware serial number, SIM card ID, OAID, Mac address, Android ID or other unique device identifiers), IP address, phone model, system version information, system language, country or region of your phone, the version number of the app store, phone screen size and resolution, CPU and display device information, and device settings for accessing services. We may also read information about the use of your appliances through the Internet of Things (IoT) App, including the device model, operating status, frequency of usage, and the use of cameras built into some devices.
To detect smart devices and connect to WLAN, we need permission to access your phone location, and get the WLAN list and the WLAN name and WLAN password you entered. Such information is only used locally and will not be uploaded to the server.
When you use bonded and controlled devices, we will collect the information of device name, device model, device version, device identifier (SN), device MAC address, IP address, system status information, operating system information, personalized device parameters, business events and device operation records. The purpose of collecting such information is to bind smart devices, control and manage devices, set device attributes and parameters, view device working status and history, carry out statistics, review and research on devices and service and operation status, and improve the quality and services of smart devices.
To continually provide you with a high-quality and efficient device service experience, we will securely collect device operation data, such as power-on/off status, run time, and temperature changes, to our cloud server. Such data will be used to ensure that your device stays up to date, to execute firmware downloads and updates (OTA), and to analyze device anomalies to identify and resolve potential issues promptly. Additionally, such data will also be used to provide preventive maintenance suggestions to extend your device’s service life. We assure you that the device operation data we collect will be solely used for the aforesaid objectives and purposes and does not include any personal information (such as personal location, ID data, email, or any other personal information tags), thereby safeguarding your privacy.
To provide you and your family with support for unlocking, we need to collect setting information from you, such as one-time passwords, periodic passwords, fingerprint names, password names, facial recognition names, facial feature information, fingerprint information, fingerprint validity periods, password validity periods, duress fingerprint names, and user names. Please rest assured that the said information will be considered as personal sensitive information, securely stored on the device locally using encryption technology, and never uploaded to our cloud server. We understand your privacy concerns, and if you choose not to provide such information, some functions and usage of the smart lock may be affected.
With your consent, we collect geolocation data, specifically, your current location information; however, we do not track your whereabouts. The location service can directly obtain your location information to provide you with services, such as weather service, intelligent scene service, and services of detecting nearby smart devices and WLAN lists. The device will save Wi-Fi SSID and password when connected to a home Wi-Fi router, and such information will not be uploaded to the clouds.
When you use an IoT device with voice function, we may collect your voices when you use the relevant functions. If you do not provide the voice information, you will not be able to use the voice functions of home appliances.
For specific prompts on personal data when enabling the device’s built-in camera, please refer to the separate pop-up notification before activating the camera.
When you use a product or service, we will automatically receive and record information about your browser and computer or App client, such as your IP address, browser type, language used, and access date and time, hardware and software feature information and web page records you need.
When you use our after-sales service, we may also collect the name, phone number, email address, home address, product information (SN, product category, model), purchase time, problem description, pictures and videos of the problem you provide, warranty card number, place of purchase, and date of purchase. We collect such personal information to ensure that when you request repair service in the future, our after-sales engineer can provide you with on-site service and solve the problems you encounter according to the information you provide. If you do not provide such information, we will not be able to effectively locate and solve the problems you have reported.
To help us understand and analyze the operation of the App, we will use the mobile analysis software SDK. We may record relevant information such as your event log, frequency of usage data, corrupted data, overall usage data, performance data, etc. We will not associate information stored in the analysis software with any of your personal information.
To keep you informed about our marketing activities and help you receive recommendations on useful product functions and services, we may send you marketing push notifications based on the information of the smart device you've bound and your access to information in our App (such as page visits and clicks). If you do not want to receive such push notifications, you can go to the notification settings of the App to disable marketing push notifications.
If you participate in our activities such as a promotion activity, we may require you to enter/provide information such as your name, phone number, and address (subject to information on the activity page) for the purpose of distributing and sending prizes or products related to the activity. By entering and submitting such information for participating in the activity, you agree to our collection and use of such information for the above purpose. You may choose not to participate in the activity and not provide the relevant information required for the activity.
When you use the AI assistant, we will collect data on your interactions with it, including the questions you ask, conversation content, the language you use, and the product information you inquire about. Such data can help us better understand your needs, provide you with more accurate responses and personalized recommendations, and continuously optimize the AI assistant to enhance your smart home experience. Please rest assured that your data will be solely used to improve service quality, and we will strictly protect your privacy. If you choose not to provide such information, the AI assistant may not be able to fully meet your needs, but the basic functions of the App will not be affected.
It is important to note that separate device information or service log information cannot identify a particular natural person. If we combine such non-personal information with other information to identify a particular natural person or use it in conjunction with personal information, such non-personal information will be treated as personal information during the period of combined use, and we will de-identify such information unless we have your authorization or unless otherwise stipulated by law.
（2）Circumstances where you can choose whether to authorize us to collect and use your personal information
For you to enjoy better control, management, etc. of a smart device, we may collect and use your personal information in the following additional functions. If you do not provide such personal information, you can still use the basic services but you may not be able to use the additional functions that can bring you convenience. Also, you can go to the permission settings page of the device to change permissions at any time.
The following are the details of the relevant functions and call permissions listed for your reference:
Read and write external storage (for Android): It is for reading and writing photos and files on the device in functions such as scanning and user feedback.
Location permission (for Android and iOS): It is for weather service provision, locating, home location management, smart device automation, detecting nearby smart devices, and detecting nearby WLAN lists.
Camera permission (for Android and iOS): It is for scanning QR codes to add devices, upload images, and more.
Phone-reading permission (for Android): It is for generating the device's identifier locally on the client end.
WLAN-enabling permission (for Android and iOS): It is for connecting to the Wi-Fi from the device for communication with the device in quick device connection.
Bluetooth-enabling permission (for Android and iOS): It is for connecting to the Bluetooth of the device for communication with the device in quick device connection. For a smart device connected via Bluetooth, Bluetooth permission is required for communication.
Album permission (for Android and iOS): It is for reading and writing photos and videos on the device in functions such as scanning and user feedback.
As mentioned above, we will store your account information in the database so that you can get your personal data immediately every time you visit our website and use our App or other services.
Your data will be stored in our server as log files and used for analysis and research. After being processed in the server, your data will be transmitted to the database.
We will back up data on a regular basis to prevent data loss due to server failure or human error, and will delete them immediately at your request.
2  Data Processing
2.1  Our role
We are the controller of your data.
2.2  Legal foundation
We process your data for the following one or more purposes:
When we have your explicit consent;
For the purpose of marketing;
For the purpose of performing the contract we enter into with you;
When it is legally obligated;
When it is within our legitimate rights or interests. For example, to implement our policies, manage day-to-day business, aggregate data for data analysis, maintain information security, or prevent frauds, we transfer the data to other business units of our Company.
2.3  Reasons for providing your personal information
Generally, your consent constitutes the legal foundation for us to process your information. It is therefore necessary for you to agree with our User Agreement and Privacy Policy in order to reach and fulfill our agreement with you and safeguard the legitimate interests of all parties.
You have the right to choose whether to provide the relevant data. We may not be able to undertake part or all of the obligations according to the service terms or provide our services without some of your information. If you wish to learn more, please contact our Data Protection Office using the contact details under the last section of this Privacy Policy.
2.4  Purposes and methods
We will use information provided by you and collected by us in the process of services to offer you our services. We will not use your data for any other purposes that do not fit the purposes for data collection.
We will use your information for the following purposes in the following manner:
To verify your identity to prevent unauthorized access;
To offer our services or products according to the contract we enter into with you;
To offer other services you request according to the requirements stated during data collection;
To process transactions and communicate with you regarding the details of such transactions;
To help track and fix any fault or error in the application;
To conduct internal audit, data analysis or research to the end of improving our products and services through evaluating our efficiency;
To share your information with our partners so that they can assist us in offering our products and services to you;
To collect your email address by staff of local branch office when and where you join the operating campaign for equipment activation, and match your data with data on the US server under strict access control to confirm the authenticity and validity of your equipment activation, so as to provide subsequent rights and interests;
To share your information with other global branch institutions for internal management and background support;
To maintain the integrity and security of the information system in which we store and process your information;
To scrutinize and investigate data leaks, illegal activities and fraudulent behaviors;
To comply with applicable laws and regulations or the demand for your information requested for litigation and other legal proceedings, or imposed by governmental authorities.
You have the right to choose to not let us use your personal information for any purpose(s), however, please be aware, by your choice of that, we may not be able to undertake part or all of the obligations according to the service terms or provide our services without some of your information.
3  Sharing, Transfer and Disclosure of Personal Information
3.1  Sharing of personal information
Your personal information will be kept strictly confidential and will not be shared with any other company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
When we have obtained your explicit consent to share your information with a third party.
When we share your information with our staff members and global branches generally in order to: provide further services; carry out internal management; scrutinize for or handle data leaks, illegal activities, or frauds; or maintain the integrity of the company’s IT system. We share only necessary information with our staff members within the minimal scope, and are subject to this Privacy Policy. We sign non-disclosure agreements (NDAs) with the authorized staff members.
When we share your personal information with a third-party service provider (or partner) for the benefit of offering or improving our services including but not limited to cloud services, video surveillance services, IT supports, and providing customer services. We sign rigorous data handling agreements with all relevant third-party service providers (or partners) which require them to take certain security measures in handling your information pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations and our requirements to safeguard your data security.
We will disclose your information under the demands of laws and regulations or government authorities.
3.2  Transfer of personal information
We will not transfer your personal information to any other company, organization, or individual except under any of the following circumstances:
Transfer under explicit consent: when we have obtained your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to a third party.
In the case of merger, acquisition or bankrupt liquidation, we will demand the new company or organization now in possession of your personal information to continue to be bound by the Privacy Policy, otherwise we will demand such company or organization to obtain your new consent.
3.3  Disclosure of personal information
We will only disclose your personal information under any of the following circumstances:
When we have obtained your explicit consent;
Based on legal disclosure, we may disclose your personal information in the case of law and legal procedures, litigation, or mandatory requirements of government authorities.
You have the right to choose to not let us disclose or/and transfer any or all of your personal information to third party, however, please be aware that, by your choice of that, we may not be able to undertake part or all of the obligations according to the service terms or provide our services without some of your information.
3.4 Copy of personal information
To facilitate the use and management of your personal information, you may follow the steps below to send your avatar, nickname, email address and other personal information as an attachment to your mailbox: Go to Me -> tap Settings -> tap Account and Security -> tap View and Export Personal Information -> tap Export -> Enter your email address-> Tap Export.
4  Binding SmartHome with Third-party Apps
4.1 Binding path:
(1) You can log in to a third-party App (i.e., Google Home, Amazon Alexa, IFTTT, Дом с Алисой, or MAIKA, hereinafter collectively referred to as "third-party App" with your SmartHome account. Дом с Алисой refers to the Дом с Алисой APP developed by Yandex N.V. or its affiliates, hereinafter referred to as "Дом с Алисой") and bind the SmartHome account to the third-party App.
• Path on Google Home, Amazon Alexa and IFTTT:
If you are
not a registered user of SmartHome, please download SmartHome
, register for an account on SmartHome
, and then follow the binding path to bind your SmartHome account:
• Path on Дом с Алисой:
If you are not a registered user of SmartHome, please download SmartHome, register for an account on SmartHome, and then follow the binding path to bind your SmartHome account:
a. If you have downloaded Дом с Алисой:
Open Дом с Алисой -> Open the browser page -> Enter your SmartHome account and password -> Read and tick "I Agree and Bind" -> Tap "Log In".
b. If you have not downloaded Дом с Алисой:
(Follow Яндекс — с Алисой or the prompts on its updated version page, or go to App store) Download Дом с Алисой -> Open Дом с Алисой -> Open the browser page -> Enter your SmartHome account and password -> Read and tick "I Agree and Bind" -> Tap "Log In".
• The path for binding within MAIKA:
If you are not a registered user of SmartHome, please download SmartHome, register for an account on SmartHome, and then follow the binding path to bind your SmartHome:
a. If you have downloaded MAIKA:
Open MAIKA -> Open the browser page -> Enter your SmartHome account and password -> Read and tick "I Agree and Bind" -> Tap "Log In".
b. If you have not downloaded MAIKA:
(Follow MAIKA page wizard, or go to App store) Download MAIKA -> Open the browser page -> Enter your SmartHome account and password -> Read and tick "I Agree and Bind" -> Tap "Log In".
If the above binding methods are inconsistent with the binding instructions on third-party Apps, please follow the binding instructions on the third-party Apps.
You may bind Google Home and Amazon Alexa accounts on SmartHome by following the path below:
Tap Me -> Tap Third-party Services -> Tap Google Home/Amazon Alexa -> Tap Tap to Connect -> Jump to Third-party App -> Log in with a third-party App account -> Agree to Authorize -> Authorized successfully.
4.2 Unbinding
You may follow the path below to unbind a SmartHome account from a third-party App:
Unbinding path on SmartHome (applicable to Google Home and Amazon Alexa only):
Go to Me - > Tap Third-party Services - > Select the corresponding third-party App (Google Home or Amazon Alexa) -> Tap Unbind from Google Home or Unbind from Amazon Alexa -> Tap Confirm in the pop-up window -> Unbound successfully.
Please note that it is not allowed to unbind a SmartHome account from IFTTT, Дом с Алисой, and MAIKA on SmartHome.
4.3 Data acquisition and transmission:
(1) After binding with a third-party App, the personal data that SmartHome may obtain or collect from the third-party app during use includes:
Amazon Alexa: SmartHome user identification code, authorization code (when authorizing Amazon Alexa for the first time).
Google Home: User ID.
Дом с Алисой: N/A.
IFTTT: N/A.
MAIKA: N/A.
(2) For the agreement on the acquisition and collection of personal data from SmartHome to third-party Apps, please refer to the
Agreement on Binding SmartHome with Google Home/Amazon Alexa/IFTTT/Дом с Алисой/MAIKA
.
4.4 Notification on device status changes
(1) Amazon Alexa and Google Home: When a user adds, changes, or deletes a device, or when a device goes offline, SmartHome will send a message to Amazon Alexa to update the device status.
(2) Дом с Алисой: When Дом с Алисой requests the status of the user's relevant device from SmartHome, SmartHome will send the requested information to Дом с Алисой.
(3) IFTTT: N/A.
(4) MAIKA: N/A.
4.5 Siri voice input and scene control: All Siri-related command information is stored in the iOS shortcut App and will not be stored in SmartHome.
4.6 If there is any collection and processing of your personal information by a third-party App not for the purpose of binding operations, the collection and processing of the corresponding personal information shall be subject to the agreement, policy or statement between the third-party App provider and users. If you have questions about the collection and processing of personal data by a third-party App, you may contact the third-party App provider.
5  Limitation Period for Saving Personal Information
We will continue to save your personal information so long as required for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, and within any additional period as required or permitted by law, until you withdraw the consent.
Whereas, we may postpone the retention of your information for the purpose of research or statistics, but we will desensitize your information to ensure the relevant information will not be able to identify you.
At the same time, in accordance with the law of the country in which you live, we may retain your personal information to assist in any government and judicial investigations for the purpose of submitting or maintaining legal requests or civil, criminal or administrative procedures. If the above reasons fail to apply to the data we preserve, we shall delete and destroy your data securely in accordance with relevant requirements.
6  Protection of Information of Minors
Our products and services are primarily for adults, yet, we are aware of the importance of taking extra precautions to guarantee the privacy and security of minors who may use our products and services. We consider anyone under the age of 16 (or the age as required by local law) to be a minor.
We will only use or disclose the personal information of minors collected with the consent of their guardian on the condition that the law permits, the guardian expressly consents or for the necessary protection of the minor. At any time, the guardian may request access to, modify or delete personal information of the minor by contacting us as described in Section 12.
If we are found to collect personal information of minors without the consent of a verifiable guardian, we shall attempt to remove the relevant content as soon as possible.
7  Measures for Protection of Personal Information
We adhere to recognized key data protection principles (fairness, purpose limitation, data quality, data retention, compliance with individual rights, and security), and take reasonable measures to guarantee the security of your personal information. We have applied a range of techniques to guarantee the security of your personal information and done the utmost to minimize the risk of misuse, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure and inaccessibility. Security measures we have adopted include but are not limited to: data desensitization, data encryption, firewall, and authorization control of data access. At present, we have obtained the following information security and privacy protection certifications, including, without limitation, ISO/IEC 27001 Information Security Management System Certification, and ISO/IEC 27701 Privacy Protection Management System Certification.
In addition, we shall regularly check and update the security mechanisms used to protect data in order to provide effective protection against data misuse. If you believe that the security of your data has been compromised, or you would like to know more information about the measures we adopt to protect
data, please contact the Data Protection Office using the contact details under the last section of the Privacy Policy.
8  Storage of Personal Information
We currently have data centers located in the US, Germany, and Russia. Your information may be transmitted to these data centers for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy in accordance with applicable laws.
We may also transmit your personal information to third-party service providers and business partners, and therefore your information may also be transmitted to other countries or regions. The jurisdictions where these global facilities are located may not protect personal information to the same standards as your jurisdiction, and different risks may exist under different data protection laws. However, this does not change our commitment to complying with this Privacy Policy and protecting your personal information.
In particular,
• The personal information we collect and generate in our operations in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) will be stored in data centers located in Germany, except for those permitted for cross-border transmission under applicable laws;
• The personal information we collect and generate in our operations in Russia will be processed and stored in data centers located in Russia, except for those permitted for cross-border transmission under Russian laws;
If we transmit your information generated within the EEA to relevant organizations or third-party service providers outside the EEA, we will do so according to the data protection mechanism set forth in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
9  Cross-border Transmission of Personal Information
We are a multinational company and the responsibility range of our teams responsible for data processing may cover the world or a variety of countries/regions. Therefore, these teams may be located anywhere in the world where we conduct business, including countries outside the EU that may not pursue the same standards for personal information protection as your country. We may also transmit data outside the EU, including China. By using or joining our services and/or providing us with your information, you agree that we will collect, transmit, store and process your information outside the country/region you live in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We will make every effort to ensure that they comply with applicable legal requirements to the extent permitted by existing technology, for example, by executing standard contract terms. All of your data that we collect is used for user and product analysis after necessary confidential processing to provide you with better services. But in this case, we will take steps to protect your information appropriately.
10  User Portraits and Automated Decision
When you use our services, we may analyze processed data that fail to identify you to improve our products and services.
We will not use your data to conduct any fully automated decision.
11  Personal Information Rights and Their Exercising
11.1  The personal information rights you have include
Access: request to provide a copy of the personal information we hold about you;
Rectification: request to correct the information containing errors or the expired information;
Erasure: request to cancel your account or delete your personal information we hold. For example, you can log in to the App and go to Settings -> Account and Security -> Delete Account or contact us and submit an account cancellation request;
Data Portability: request to provide your data and, if possible, to transfer the data directly to data controller;
Restriction of Processing: request to restrict processing should you dispute the accuracy or legality of our processing of personal information; however, your right to restrict processing may cause you to be unable to use our services as normal;
Refusal: refuse the use of your personal information for user portraits and automatic decision-making, and refuse the use of your personal information to send commercial information for direct marketing;
Complaint Filing: file a complaint on the processing of your data with the competent authority of your place residence or the member state that processes your data;
Consent Withdrawal: withdraw consent at any time on which we rely to process the data.
11.2  Methods of exercising personal information rights
We will protect your right to access and rectify your personal information. If you wish to exercise any of the rights described in Article 10.1, you may e-mail to our Data Protection Office for processing.
As we receive a large amount of commercial promotion e-mails every day, we shall not respond if we believe that your e-mails are not related to personal information.
11.3  Results of request
After the request is made by the subject of personal information, the following results may occur:
(1) Request denied
In some cases, requests from personal information subjects shall be rejected, including but not limited to:
The subject of personal information is not granted relevant rights by laws of where you are located;
The identity of the person making the request fails to be verified;
The request made by the subject of personal information fails to be verified or is beyond scope, especially when the request is repeated;
The disclosure of information is prone to harm the interests of the relevant parties if the information involved is related to the damage or compensation received in the dispute;
The information shall only be retained for statistics and research, and the results of statistics and research shall not reveal personal identities;
Other legally prescribed circumstances.
If the access request of the subject of personal information is rejected, we shall formally explain the reason to the requester.
(2) Request accepted
If there is no circumstance as specified in (1), we shall process the request. In order to better ensure the successful acceptance of requests, please provide us with as much detailed information as possible when requesting, such as the request type and specific content, information about the holder (such as the name of the product and service you used), and time range of information generation or processing (where the time range is as exact as possible, the request has a larger chance of acceptance).
11.4  Consent withdrawal
You may change the scope of your authorization to continue to collect personal information or withdraw your authorization by deleting the configuration information, unbinding the associated device, or canceling the account number.
Please understand that the service of business function shall require some basic personal information (registration e-mail), so if you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will stop providing the service corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization. Yet, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization shall not affect the processing of personal information previously based on your authorization.
11.5  Your rights as a California resident
You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose or sell.
You have the right to request information about the personal information we’ve collected about you within the last twelve months. You may request to know if we have collected, sold or shared with third parties for a business purpose the following information:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources of personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information about you;
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about;
Whether we have sold your personal information and if so the categories of personal information that each category of recipient purchased;
Whether we have disclosed your personal information for a business purpose and if so, the categories of personal information that each category of recipient received.
You may request this information no more than two times per year.
(1) Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete your personal information under certain circumstances we may be unable to delete your personal information, for example, to comply with legal obligations, or to complete a business transaction that you have requested.
(2) Right to Non-Discrimination
You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your privacy rights as identified in this section of the Privacy Policy as conferred by the CCPA.
(3) Right to Opt-Out
California law provides you with the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information; however, we have not sold the personal information of CA residents in the preceding twelve months. We do not sell the personal information.
To exercise the rights above you may make the request in the following ways:
Emailing your request to MideaDPO@midea.com
Writing to us or calling us with the contact information at Section 12 Contact Us
When you submit a request, we will verify your request by requiring a screenshot of your profile page in the App. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly. We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization.
12  Change of Privacy Policy
We shall reserve the right to modify the Privacy Policy. Without your express consent, we shall not reduce your rights in accordance with the Privacy Policy. Any change to the Privacy Policy shall be posted on this page. For major changes, we shall provide more obvious notice (for certain services, we shall send an e-mail notification to state the specific changes to the Privacy Policy.)
Major changes referred to herein include but are not limited to:
Major change of our service model, such as the purpose of processing personal information, and the type of personal information under processing, the way of using personal information;
Major change of our ownership structure, organizational structure, etc., such as owner change caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers, etc.;
Major subject change of public disclosure of personal information;
Major change of your right to participate in the processing of personal information and the corresponding exercising methods;
Change of the department responsible for processing the security of personal information, or change of contact information and complaint receiving channels;
A high risk shown in the assessment report of personal information security impact.
At the same time, we shall archive the former version of this Privacy Policy for your reference.
13  Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or you wish to exercise any right, or you have any requests to discuss with us, or if you have any unresolved complaints, please send an email to our Data Protection Office at the following address:
MideaDPO@midea.com
or contact us at address and phone number below. Upon receiving your email, we shall make every effort to respond within one month of receipt of your email. Your patience and understanding are highly appreciated. Given the complexity and quantity of requirements, the period may be extended for another 45 days as necessary. In case of deferred response, we will inform you of the reasons for the delay. If the limitation period set in this paragraph conflicts with the local laws, the local laws shall prevail.
If you disagree with us about our processing of your personal information, you may submit a mediation request or other requests to data protection regulator where you are located.
Archived versions