Privacy Policy
Effective Date: May 10, 2019
​
T​ippyTap Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our” or “TippyTap”) develops and publishes mobile applications (“apps”, “mobile apps”) , mainly games, which are supported by ads and in-app-purchases.​
The TippyTap Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our mobile apps (the “Service”) and our corporate website at
www.tippytap.ca
(“Site”), as well as your choices related to that information.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection
For a better experience, while using our Service and Site, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. TippyTap itself doesn't store user data however the third party services we use do. To see what data is being collected by each third party service, you can visit each of their privacy policies.
Below are the links to the privacy policies of third party service providers used by our mobile apps:
Unity Ads and Unity Analytics
Google Play Services
Apple
AdMob
Game Analytics
AppLovin
Facebook
Kochava​
​
and service providers of our website:
Wix.com
Use of Data
TippyTap uses the collected data with the goal of improving our Services as well as improving your experience with our Services.
Our third party ad services use the data they collect to be able to deliver relevant advertisements to you.
Our mobile applications use collected data to:
​
Detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service (for instance, where players of our games have difficulty)
To get a better understanding of our games' performance
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, our applications may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Legal Requirements
TippyTap may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of TippyTap Corp.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
You may visit our third-party companies’ websites to opt-out of
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Your Choices
Third parties may collect information from the Site and mobile applications over time in order to deliver relevant advertising to your device, as well as other browsers or devices associated with you. This type of advertising is called interest-based advertising.
To learn more about interest-based advertising on your browser, and your choices regarding this type of advertising for companies that participate in this choice mechanism by visiting
http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/.
If you are in the European Union you can visit
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
to exercise choice.
You may also limit the collection of information from mobile apps on your device for interest-based advertising us by adjusting the settings on your mobile device.
For iOS mobile devices, go to “Settings” from your Device’s home screen; scroll down to “Privacy”; select “Advertising”; and turn on “Limit Ad Tracking.”
For Android mobile devices, go to “Google Settings” on your Device; select “Ads”; and check the box labeled “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads.”
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, feel free to contact us at:
contact@tippytap.ca
2068 Forestview Trail, Oakville On. L6M3W4 Canada