Mobile Applications
Privacy Policy
The Yamaha
App
is provided for free by Yamaha Motor Europe N.V., also on behalf of its branch offices and related affiliates (further referred to as
we, us/our
). The App allows you to enjoy your Yamaha motorcycle even more by offering many features and functionalities, such as configuring your motorcycle, and in the future tracking your routes, riding suggested routes, watching videos, how-to manuals, and the
Yamaha Community
, which provides you the possibility to invite, share with, and challenge your friends, save achievements, and send your configurations of motorcycles to your Yamaha dealer. You can read more about your rights and obligations with regard to your use of the App in our
Terms of Use
applicable to your App use [
link
].
We need to process certain personal data in order to provide some of the App's features and functionalities. This is especially the case if you have created an
Account
to join the Yamaha Community and use other fun features of the App. In this Privacy Statement we inform you as best we can about the processing of your information by us in relation to the App. We may amend this Privacy Statement at any time. This Privacy Statement does not see to the processing of personal data that is not related to the App.
1 Who does this Privacy Statement apply to?
1.1
This privacy policy is aimed at anyone who uses our App, whether or not you have created an Account. You can be just an App user without an Account, an App user with an Account, or a person who received an invitation from another App user.
1.2
Yamaha Motor Europe N.V. is the data controller for the processing of your personal data in relation to the App in accordance with the Dutch Data Protection Act. We notified the processing of your personal data to the Dutch Data Protection Authority under number m1595977.
2 Which of your personal data does Yamaha process?
Use with an Account
2.1
If you create an Account for the App, we will ask you to provide the following personal data (your
Account Information
): name, user name and password, address, email address, date of birth. We kindly request you to keep your Account Information updated. If you create an Account, we will also process your IP address, and your unique device ID associated with your Account in order to enable you to use your Account and receive notifications. You can also choose to quickly create an Account and easily login with your social media profile, such as Facebook and Google. If you use this option, we will also process your name and email address, together with an account identifier, from your social media profile for the purposes of validating and authenticating your Account and logins and automatically filling in your account details. You can at any time delete your entire Account via our website [link], or remove this authorization via your profile on the website of your social media provider. You can find more information on the privacy settings of your social media profile and how you can withdraw authorization on the website of your social media provider (see here [
link
] if you used Facebook, and here [
link
] if you used Google). Please note that as a result of using your social media profile, the relevant social media provider will also process your personal data, including information on your access to our websites and/or apps. We have no control over and are not responsible for the processing of your personal data by such third party social media provider. You can find the privacy policies of Facebook here [
link
] and Google here [
link
].
2.2
Upon creation of your Account, we may process your following personal data in addition to your Account Information when you make use of the (specific features of the) App: your invited and linked friends, content such as photographs and videos you or other users submit and share via the App, information you provide about your motorcycle(s), app preferences, achievements, active or completed challenges (including your invited and participating friends), location data of your tracked, saved and/or shared routes (including geolocation data of your route, weather, time, date, duration, distance, average speed), current location data in order to suggest routes, suggested routes you have ridden, fuel consumption, engine speed, saved configurations of Yamaha motorcycles, your dealer information, your phone number, and your Facebook information if you choose to invite friends via Facebook.
2.3
If you have created an Account, you can configure your Yamaha motorcycles and choose to be contacted by a Yamaha dealer. If you choose so, we will send your selected configuration along with your name and contact details you submitted to us (address, email address, and phone number) to your Yamaha dealer.
2.4
Your Account will be set on private by default. This means that only your linked friends within the Yamaha Community will be able to see your Account information. If you wish so, you can also switch your Account's privacy setting to public. As a result, other Yamaha Community users who are not (yet) your linked friends will be able to see your Account information.
Use without an Account
2.5
If you do not have an Account, we will generally not process your personal data. All data will be stored on your own Device and will not be transmitted to our servers. As a user without an Account, you will only be able to store one configuration of your motorcycle on your Device, and will not be able to send configurations to your dealer, store tracked routes, store dealer information, or use Yamaha Community features, such as inviting, sharing with, and challenging your friends, and achievements. We may process your email address if someone with an Account sends you an invitation to join the Yamaha Community and link as friends.
2.6
If you do not yet use the App, we may process your email address if another App user with an Account sends you an invitation to join the Yamaha Community and links you as a friend, and if you would then accept such invitation.
2.7
We will store your personal data associated with Accounts on our servers located in the Netherlands. If you contact us by using the email address below, your personal data included with your email will be transferred to our email servers located outside of the Economic European Area (EEA). We have taken steps to ensure that your personal data are protected in such case.
3 For what purposes do we use your personal data?
3.1
If you have an Account, we may process your personal data for the following purposes: access control and safeguarding of your Account, enabling you to use the features of our App, handling your requests for test rides or receiving (online) newsletters, brochures, deals and other information, maintaining contact with you, internal management, developing and improving our products and services, market research and other analyses, handling complaints and disputes, and complying with applicable laws and regulations.
3.2
If you do not have an Account, we will process your personal data solely to enable other users to send you an invite.
3.3
Your personal data is not processed for any other purposes than described in this Privacy Statement.
4 Who may receive your personal data?
4.1
We may engage external service providers that provide services as a data processor. Such data processors may process your personal data only on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions. We conclude data processing agreements with each data processor for this purpose in accordance with applicable data protection legislation.
4.2
Outside the situations described in this Privacy Statement, we will not disclose your personal data to others, unless we consider it necessary for complying with our legal obligations, protecting our or others' rights, or to enforce compliancy with this Privacy Statement.
5 How long do we retain your personal data?
5.1
We will keep your personal data only for so long as necessary for the described purposes. If you have created an Account, we will retain all your information associated with your Account until you amend or delete any of such information or your entire Account via our website [
link
]. We will delete your Account within 24 hours after your request. You can also amend and delete any of your linked friends, tracked routes, completed challenges, and configurations of motorcycles via the App.
6 Security
6.1
The security of your personal data is very important to us. We do our best to implement appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect against loss, abuse and alteration of your personal data under our control.
7 Cookies
7.1
We do not use any cookies in relation to the App.
8 How can you exercise your rights?
8.1
Do you have questions about how we process your personal data, or would you like to inspect, or have your personal data corrected or removed by us? Please contact us via the contact details below.
Yamaha Motor Europe N.V.
Koolhovenlaan 101 (1119 NC)
Schiphol-Rijk,
the Netherlands
Registered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce with number 34084613.
You may contact us at:
Digital Marketing & CRM
P.O. Box 75033,
1117 ZN Schiphol, The Netherlands,
tel.: +31 20 654 6000;
email:
app.privacy@YAMAHA-MOTOR.eu