Privacy
Policy
1. Introduction
Recognizing the importance of protecting personal
information, GAGEX Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we,"
"us," or "our") will comply with the Act on the Protection
of Personal Information, as well as other applicable laws and regulations.
Please kindly note that we will treat any personal information that we may
collect, use, or otherwise get access to in association with your use of any
product or service provided by us (hereinafter referred to as the “Services”)
subject to the following provisions.
2. Application
This Privacy Policy shall apply while you are using the
Services or any website that contains this Privacy Policy.
Please click or tap here to access the Japanese version of
this Privacy Policy.
3. Collection of Personal
Information
In association with the use of the Services, we will collect
personal information as listed below through submission from you or in an
automated manner. We will collect such personal information in a proper manner
without using any fraudulent or other unlawful means.
・
Contact information
 (name, address, phone number, e-mail address, etc.)
・
Account information
 (name, user ID, user name, date of birth, password, etc.)
・
Log information and
 activity history information (IP address, cookie, device identifier, OS type
 and version, game version, crash report, language setting, feature utilization
 status, time zone, purchase history, etc. )
・
Location
information
・
Information on
 employment or job application (name, address, etc.)
4. Purposes of Using Personal
Information
We will use any personal information that we collect only
for the following purposes:
・
To plan, improve, and
 maintain our services
・
To implement personal
 authentication and to provide various services for you;
・
To distribute various
 types of correspondence and notices in association with the Services;
・
To perform customer
 survey-related activities, including the following: to notify of various
 questionnaire surveys, etc
.,
and to send and to
 collect questionnaire forms, provided that you separately provide us with your
 prior consent to such collection;
・
To notify of and
 implement various campaigns, etc.;
・
To distribute a
 variety of information, including e-mail newsletters and various kinds of
 notices;
・
To respond to your
 feedback or queries related to the Services;
・
To process
 statistical data in such a way as to prevent the identification of any
 individuals and to use the processed data for improving the Services or
 developing products or to provide our business partners with the processed
 data;
・
To conduct surveys,
 data analysis, public relations activities, marketing activities, and
 advertising activities, including measurement of their effects;
・
For any other
 purposes incidental to the purposes listed above.
5. Provision and Sharing of Personal
Information to/with Third Parties
We may entrust the handling of personal information to a
third-party legal entity, provided that we impose on such legal entity the
obligation to follow our instructions. For this purpose, we may enter into a
contract with third parties, including business alliance partners, outsources,
advertising companies, data analysis companies, and service providers. In
addition to the above-mentioned cases, we will provide certain third parties
with your personal information in the following cases.
・
When we are required
 to do so in accordance with the law, and in this case, we may provide the
 relevant third party with your personal information without obtaining consent
 from you;
・
When there is any
 justifiable reason for providing personal information, such as when the
 provision of personal information is required to protect a human life or body,
 or someone’s property, honor, or reputation;
・
When we receive a
 request to disclose personal information from a third party, such as a duly
 empowered law enforcement or administrative agency, or any agency or
 organization equivalent thereto;
・
When we sell or
 assign all or part of our business to another business operator, and in this
 case, your personal information may be assigned to that business operator as
 part of the transaction.
6. Provision of Personal Information
to Third Parties Located outside Japan
For the purposes set forth in “Purposes of Using Personal
Information,” we may provide legal entities located in third countries with
collected personal information. Laws and regulations outside Japan concerning
the protection of personal information may differ from than those in Japan. We
will take the necessary and appropriate measures to ensure the protection of
your personal information in accordance with the applicable laws and
regulations.
7. Analysis and Provision of
Information
We will analyze information on you and then use it to
provide you with information on our or third parties’ activities or products.
This provision of information includes introducing features related to you,
proposing contents customized for you, and providing advertisements or
promotional materials tailored to you. Also, we may use third-party services to
analyze or evaluate certain information, including the status of your use of
the Services and the history of your accessing advertisements. These service
providers may independently use tracking technologies, such as cookies, on your
device or in your browser for the purpose of the above-mentioned provision of
information. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to the handling of your
personal information by these service providers, etc.
8. Self-management of your Personal
Information
You have the right to manage your personal information that
you may provide to us in the Services by using various methods, including the
following.
・
You can
cease to provide your personal information by uninstalling
programs for the Services.
・
When we make an
 inquiry to you about whether you will allow us to acquire your personal
 information, you can refuse to do so. In this case, all or part of the
 Services may become unavailable.
・
You can manage
 cookies by changing your browser settings.
・
For the Services that
 correspond to application software, you can cease to provide
locational
information via device settings.
・
For the Services that
 correspond to application software, you can initialize the IDs used for
 tracking advertisements via device settings.
9. Request for Disclosure of
Personal Information
You have the right to request that we disclose your personal
information retained by us. When receiving a request for disclosure from you,
we will disclose such personal information after making sure that the request
has been made by you; provided, however, that we may refrain from disclosing
all or part of such personal information if one of the following circumstances
applies. If we decide to refrain from disclosure, we will notify you to that
effect.
・
Such disclosure could
 cause harm to your or any third party’s life, body, property, or other rights
 and interests;
・
Such disclosure could
 significantly hinder the proper conduct of our business;
・
Such disclosure could
 lead to a violation of a law or regulation.
Please kindly note in advance that we will charge you a fee
of 1,000 yen (tax included) when receiving from you a request for disclosure
set forth in this paragraph.
10. Request for Notification of
Purposes of Using Personal Information
You have the right to request us to disclose the purposes of
using your personal information retained by us. When receiving a request for
disclosure from you, we will disclose such purposes after making sure that the
request has been made by you; provided, however, that we may refrain from
disclosing all or part of such purposes if one of the following circumstances
applies. If we decide to refrain from disclosure, we will notify you to that
effect.
・
We keep you informed of the purposes of using
 such personal information through this Privacy Policy or any other means so
 that such purposes
are obvious;
・
Notifying the
 purposes of use to you or their disclosure thereof to the public could cause
 harm to your or any third party’s life, body, property, or other rights and
 interests;
・
We need to cooperate
 with a national government organ or local public entity in its performance of
 such functions under its jurisdiction as prescribed by law, and notifying the
 purposes of use to you or their disclosure thereof to the public could hinder
 the performance of such functions;
・
Notifying the
 purposes of use to you or their disclosure thereof to the public could lead to
 infringement upon any right or interest held by us.
11. Corrections, etc., of Personal
Information
When receiving from you a request for a correction,
addition, or deletion (hereinafter referred to as the “Correction, etc.”) of
the details of any item of your personal information on the grounds that such
personal information is incorrect, we will make sure that the request has been
made by you, then conduct an investigation to the extent necessary to fulfill
the purposes of use, except where special procedures are specified pursuant to
the provision of a law or regulation, and finally implement the Correction,
etc., on the above-mentioned personal information on the basis of the result of
the investigation and notify you to that effect.
12. Cessation, etc., of Use of
Personal Information
When receiving from you a request for the cessation of use
or erasure (hereinafter referred to as the “Cessation of Use, etc.”) of any
item of your personal information on grounds that such personal information is
being used beyond the scope of the purposes of use that were publicized in
advance, or that such personal information has been acquired through fraudulent
or other unlawful means, we will make sure that the request has been made by
you, then conduct a necessary investigation, and finally implement the
Cessation of Use, etc., on the above-mentioned personal information on the
basis of the result of the investigation and notify you to that effect.
However, if the Cessation of Use, etc., of such personal information involves a
large cost or otherwise is hard to implement, we will take an alternative
measure for this that is necessary to protect your rights and interests, provided
that such an alternative measure can be taken
.
If your request does not meet the requirements prescribed in the Act on the
Protection of Personal Information, we may not be able to respond to your
request. Moreover, we may charge you an extra fee for our response to your
request.
13. Revision of the Privacy Policy
We shall have the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any
time. The revised Privacy Policy shall be displayed on our website and take
effect upon its display thereon.
14. Contact
If you have a question or need to consult with us about this
Privacy Policy, please contact us by e-mail at the following address.
<Reception desk>
support@gagex.co.jp
Established on August 4, 2016
Revised on April 19, 2023