Privacy Policy
We take children's privacy seriously. For information about how we collect and use children's personal information, please see our
Children's Privacy section
. By default, we do not collect any personal information, including audio recordings, from children under 13 without parental consent.
Last Modified: January 24, 2025
Prior Privacy Policy available
here
.
This Privacy Policy applies to our Service, which includes:
website Buddy.ai, including the content, features, applications, and products we offer on it;
educational mobile application "Buddy.ai: English for Kids" for iOS and Android, also referred to as the "App";
other related websites, applications, and services that link to this Privacy Policy.
Your use of our Service is subject to this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. Only parents or legal guardians may create accounts, make payments, or provide consent for children's use of the Service.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. For questions or to exercise your data protection rights, contact us via email as specified in Section 1 (Contact Details).
We may update this Privacy Policy to comply with applicable laws. Material changes will be announced through prominent notice or direct notification. Your continued use after changes indicates acceptance of the new Privacy Policy. If required under the law, we will obtain your necessary consent.
This Privacy Policy does not cover third-party activities outside our control. Please review third-party privacy policies before sharing information with them.
1. AI BUDDY CONTACT DETAILS
"We", "us" or "AI Buddy" in this Privacy Policy refer to AI BUDDY, INC. For the purposes of data protection regulations, including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR), AI Buddy is the controller of data received through the Service.
For privacy-related inquiries or to exercise your or your child's data rights:
Email:
privacy@mybuddy.ai
(for privacy matters)
Mail: 707 Continental Cir, #1132, Mountain View, California, 94040, United States
Phone: +1 (650) 282-1302
We aim to respond to all privacy-related inquiries within 24 hours.
Contact for general Services support:
support@mybuddy.ai
2. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We take children's privacy seriously and maintain strict compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
In this Privacy Policy by a "parent" we mean the child's parent or legal guardian.
Core Privacy Protection for Children's Information
To protect privacy, the Service uses stronger privacy settings by default prior to receiving verifiable parental consent:
All speech recognition occurs locally on the user's device. No speech transcripts are collected, transmitted, stored, or shared online.
Only local notifications are enabled by default in the App; no remote push notifications or emails are sent.
Children cannot sign-up (create an account); accounts can only be created after a verified adult has given explicit parental consent.
Users cannot provide their email addresses or other credentials by default until they give explicit consent for personal information collection and complete the subscription process. This restriction applies to all App interfaces, including settings and onboarding flows.
If a child contacts us for support, we may ask them for a parent's email address to notify their parents about their request. This is the only personal information as defined by COPPA, that we collect from children prior to verifiable parental consent.
Parental Gate protects sensitive features with an age screen.
Verifiable Parental Consent
The App uses two-step verification process includes:
A "Direct Notice to Parent" screen that appears after clicking the Subscribe button, outlining Buddy.ai's data collection practices and parental rights.
Payment confirmation, which verifies adult status and completes the consent process.
Parental Rights
Our Services can be used by children with permission from a parent or legal guardian. Only parents should:
Install the App
Make payments
Create and manage accounts
Provide child-related information
Access privacy settings and controls
Grant or withdraw consent for data collection
Information Collection
We may collect additional Child's information: first name, age, gender or English proficiency level.
With explicit parental consent we may collect voice recordings.
Parental consent also makes optional data collection features available in the App, such as:
Providing a parent's phone number or email address for parent account creation and to enable account-related communications
Providing a parent's email address to receive reports on a child's progress and app updates
Enabling remote push notifications to receive lesson reminders/any other push notification messages
Voice Recording Management
Our App involves children interacting with an AI character through voice. Under COPPA, audio recordings of children's voices are considered personal information.
When enabled through Parental consent:
Recording happens exclusively during specific voice exercises. No audio recording occurs outside designated voice exercises.
Recordings may be used to improve Buddy.ai's speech recognition functionality.
Data is stored on Google Cloud servers with exclusive Buddy.ai access.
Account data deletion triggers associated voice recording removal.
Audio data automatically deletes after 15 years from the recording date.
Parents can opt out of consent for audio recording through the app's Settings menu.
Progress Data Management
The app doesn't collect, share or transmit online children's progress data by default, it's stored locally on-device. Online collection begins only after obtaining explicit parental consent and account creation. Account-linked progress data stored on Google Firebase servers. Account data deletion triggers associated progress data removal.
Privacy Controls
Parents may contact us to
privacy@mybuddy.ai
in order to request and review information about our privacy practices and personal information we process, including to access information on a child, to delete data, to manage communication preferences or prevent the further collection or use of personal information from their children, or withdraw consent at any time.
In addition,
Parents may request a child's data deletion via App's interface protected by Parental Gate (settings menu or in-App support chat) or via Email to
privacy@mybuddy.ai
. Please follow to section 9 of this Privacy Policy to know more about the data deletion process.
Parents can opt out of voice recording consent though the Settings menu (protected by Parental Gate).
Parents can manage push notifications through device settings.
Parents can opt out of marketing emails via unsubscribe links in email messages.
3. WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION
Core Collection Principles
We collect and use data for these purposes:
1. Contractual Obligations:
To provide our products and Service
To process payments
2. Legitimate Business Interests:
Account management and personalization
Technical and customer support
Payment processing
Privacy policy and Terms updates
Service maintenance and security
Market analysis and product development
Quality improvement
Internal support operations
3. Provided by your consent
Service notifications and updates
Newsletters
Pricing information and special offers
Data Collection Scope
We only collect information that is:
Reasonably necessary for service operation
Protected by appropriate security measures
Subject to parental control and oversight
Used exclusively for improving educational services
4. INFORMATION COLLECTION
Personal Information Received From You
Account creation:
Email address or phone number
Child's first name (spaces disabled)
Child's age and gender
Child's English proficiency level
Age quiz for Parental Gate:
Your date of birth (not stored)
Service Usage Information:
Comments and feedback
Support requests
Survey responses
Account settings and preferences
Billing Information:
Processed by applicable payment vendors (Apple, Google, Amazon, Stripe, Payture, etc) and received by us for payment processing
The billing information that you enter is not stored by us, but instead is retained by our payments processing vendor.
Information Collected After Obtaining Explicit Parental Consent
Child's voice recordings
Push notification token
Authentication credentials such as Email address or Phone number
Email address for getting reports, newsletter and other communications
Automatically Collected Information
Device Information:
Cookie ID
User agent
Session data
Platform and SDK version
Device model and specifications
Operating system details
Android Advertising ID (by Firebase Analytics only)
Location and Settings:
Country-level location only (from IP or device settings)
Language preferences
Time zone
No precise location tracking
Usage Analytics:
App version
Network status
Service interaction data
Learning progress
Session frequency and duration
Feature usage
Third-Party Information
Analytics Data:
Statistical data from marketing partners
Compliance-mode analytics
Authentication Data:
Managed through Google Firebase
No password storage by Buddy.ai
5. INFORMATION COLLECTION METHODS
Direct Collection
When you:
Create an account
Provide information through the Service
Contact support
Subscribe to emails
Comment on third-party services
Automatic Collection
Device and software information during Service navigation
Usage patterns and interaction data
Local progress data
Error reports and debug traces
Third-Party Sources
Authentication Services:
Google Sign-In (OAuth 2.0)
Sign in with Apple
Firebase authentication
Payment Processing:
Transaction data from payment systems
Subscription status from app stores
Analytics and Support:
Country-level location from IP address
App usage statistics in compliance mode
6. HOW WE KEEP AND PROTECT YOUR DATA
Security Measures We Implement
Appropriate technical and organizational security measures
Personal information stored behind security networks
Limited access to authorized personnel only
Encrypted communications for internet data transfer
Secure server storage with exclusive access
Isolated database environment
No direct external internet connection
Security Limitations
While we implement robust security measures, no data transmission can be 100% secure. We kindly recommend you to access the Service only in secure environments and use strong authentication methods. Please follow device security best practices and regularly review privacy settings.
7. DATA RETENTION
Default Retention Period
We retain information only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy or until we receive a deletion request, unless otherwise required by law. Data retention periods:
Voice recordings: automatically deleted after 15 years
Progress data: stored until account deletion
Device-specific data: retained locally until app uninstallation
Payment data: retained for a period of 5 years to support fraud prevention efforts
Data Processing After Collection
When we no longer need personal information:
Data is deleted
If immediate deletion is impossible (e.g., backup archives), data is:
Securely stored
Isolated from further processing
Deleted when technically possible
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Legal Requirements
Some information may be retained longer for:
Tax purposes
Accounting requirements
Legal compliance
Service-related communications
8. HOW WE SHARE YOUR DATA
Service Providers
We share information with trusted service providers who assist in operating our Service and providing its features:
Firebase for authentication and progress data storage
Google Cloud for secure storage of voice recordings
Zendesk for customer support services
These providers:
Receive only information necessary for their specific functions
Are contractually bound to protect data
Cannot use data beyond specified purposes
Analytics and Technical Services
We work with analytics providers:
Amplitude for user behavior analysis (no persistent identifiers collection)
AppsFlyer for attribution (strict mode)
Airbridge for attribution (strict mode)
Firebase Analytics for basic app functionality
Segment for data routing
Crashlytics for app stability
Sentry for technical logs analysis
General advertising and monetisation services
We work with advertising and monetisation service providers with disabled Advertiser IDs collection:
Facebook for advertising (autologging is disabled)
Lemon.ai for purchase event prediction
Ngrow for communication with parents
We do not use or disclose any personal information from children for advertising or marketing purposes.
Payment Processing Services
Payment information is handled by:
Apple App Store
Google Play Store
RevenueCat
Stripe
Amazon Payments
Payture
These processors shall request only adult (parents) payment information as a payee, never children's data.
Data Protection Agreements
You can review our service providers' Data Processing Agreements at:
Firebase:
https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms
Amplitude:
https://amplitude.com/terms/dpa
AppsFlyer:
https://www.appsflyer.com/gdpr/dpa.pdf
Segment:
https://www.twilio.com/enus/legal/tos
AirBridge:
https://www.airbridge.io/gdpr
Zendesk:
https://www.zendesk.com/company/agreements-andterms/
Stripe:
https://stripe.com/legal/dpa
RevenueCat:
https://www.revenuecat.com/dpa/
Sentry:
https://sentry.io/legal/dpa/
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/Privacy
Lemon.ai:
https://lemon-ai.com/policy
Amazon:
https://aws.amazon.com/service-terms/data-processing-addendum/
Google Android:
https://developers.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms
Apple iOS:
https://developer.apple.com/support/terms/apple-developer-program-license-agreement/
AWS:
https://d1.awsstatic.com/legal/aws-gdpr/AWS_GDPR_DPA.pdf
Google Cloud:
https://cloud.google.com/terms/data-processing-addendum
Ngrow:
https://www.ngrow.ai/privacy-policy
All service providers operate under strict data protection agreements that prohibit the use of data for behavioral advertising or any purpose beyond what's necessary for service operation.
Legal Requirements
We may share information:
To comply with laws
To enforce our Service policies
To protect rights and safety
Only as required by COPPA or applicable laws
Business Transfers
Adult user data may be transferred during:
Mergers and acquisitions
Company asset sales
Financing arrangements
Children's personal information receives special protection during any business transfers, following COPPA requirements.
9. RIGHTS YOU HAVE
General Rights
Request information about data collection and usage
Review collected information
Modify or update information
Delete personal information
Opt out of marketing communications
Control push notification settings
If you are located in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, you may also have the right to limit, restrict, or object to the processing of your personal information. If you are from the specified countries and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority in certain circumstances.
Data Deletion process
You can delete personal data via the Settings menu. The data deletion process via the Settings menu is conducted in two stages:
Account Data Deletion:
For users who have not created parental accounts: All data related to the App installation will be deleted. No additional verification required.
For users who have created parental accounts: All data related to App installations on devices related to the account will be deleted. No additional verification required.
Email Data Deletion:
For users who provide their emails to receive reports, newsletters and other materials: A verification email will be sent to initiate the deletion of email-specific data. After email confirmation all data associated with the email address is deleted.
You can request data deletion also via Support chat. Such requests resolve by redirecting parents to the in-App Settings menu.
You can request data deletion by email:
Email Data Deletion: For users who have provided their email addresses to receive reports, newsletters, and other materials - all data associated with the email address will be deleted.
Account Data Deletion: Depending on whether the user has created a parent account and the authorization method used, additional verification information may be required. This information can be accessed in the application settings menu. Once the additional information is received, all data associated with the account will be deleted.
Some data may be stored locally on your device (local on-device data) and we do not collect or have access to it. You can delete such data in the in-App or device settings menu.
For information stored on your device, you can also manage your cookies preferences via your browser and/or device settings. The majority of Internet browsers will enable you to delete cookies from your computer's hard drive, refuse acceptance of cookies and/or receive a specific warning before cookies are stored within your system.
Communication Management
You can unsubscribe from marketing via email link. Service-related messages may keep coming unless the account is deleted. Push notifications manageable through device settings.
You can contact Support for preference updates via email:
support@mybuddy.ai
.
Implementation Timeline
Data deletion processed within 24 hours
Marketing opt-out processed within 24 hours
Local on-device data may still exist until you delete the App or perform data deletion from the in-App or device settings menu.
10. WEB COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Purpose and Collection
We use cookies, tracking technologies, and other technologies like pixel tags, web beacons, and clear GIFs to:
Improve product and service quality
Track user interaction statistics
Identify and resolve technical problems
Collect non-personal data
Analytics and Technical Services
We work with the following analytics providers:
Analytics:
Amplitude's Browser SDK for user behavior analysis
Google Analytics 4 for attribution
Microsoft Clarity for user behavior analysis
Facebook WEB Pixel by Meta for attribution
User consent managing:
Cookiebot by Usercentrics
Email Tracking
Our emails may contain tracking code to monitor:
Email opens
User actions
Communication effectiveness
User Control
You can manage tracking preferences through:
Browser settings
Device settings
Cookie deletion options
Cookie acceptance controls
Pre-notification warnings
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/Privacy:
Facebook
Log In
Log In
Forgot Account?
Data Protection Addendum
Last Updated:
January 8, 2025
General Terms
This Data Protection Addendum (comprising these General Terms and the Jurisdiction-Specific Terms) (“
DPA
”) supplements, is in addition to, and is hereby incorporated into the Agreement between Company and Meta (individually, each is a “
Party
” and, collectively, “
Parties
”). This DPA does not limit Company’s obligations or Meta’s rights under the Agreement.
Applicability
1.1
General Terms.
Company’s performance under the Agreement and Company's Processing of Personal Data under the Agreement shall be in compliance with these General Terms and all Data Protection Requirements applicable to such performance or Processing.
1.2
Jurisdiction-Specific Terms.
Without limiting the foregoing, Company shall also comply with the following jurisdiction-specific terms, to the extent such terms are applicable (each, a “
Jurisdiction-Specific Term
” and, collectively, the “
Jurisdiction-Specific Terms
”):
If European Data Protection Requirements apply to the Meta Platforms Data Processed by Company or Personal Data shared by Company with Meta (as applicable) under the Agreement, then the terms available at
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/Privacy/Europe/
(the “
European Region Terms
”) (incorporated into this DPA by this reference) shall apply to such data.
If USA Data Protection Requirements apply to the Meta Platforms Data Processed by Company or Personal Data shared by Company with Meta (as applicable) under the Agreement, then the terms available at
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/Privacy/USA/
(the “
USA Terms
”) (incorporated into this DPA by this reference) shall apply to such data.
If LATAM, AMET, and Canadian Data Protection Requirements apply to the Meta Platforms Data Processed by Company or Personal Data shared by Company with Meta (as applicable) under the Agreement, then the terms available at
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/Privacy/LATAM-AMET-CANADA/
(the “
LATAM, AMET, and Canadian Terms
”) (incorporated into this DPA by this reference) shall apply to such data.
If APAC Data Protection Requirements apply to the Meta Platforms Data Processed by Company or Personal Data shared  by Company with Meta (as applicable) under the Agreement, then the terms available at
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/Privacy/APAC/
(the “
APAC Terms
”) (incorporated into this DPA by this reference) shall apply to such data.
1.3
Conflicts.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, to the extent there is a conflict or inconsistency between the Agreement, the General Terms, and any Jurisdiction-Specific Terms, the following order of precedence shall apply to determine the term(s) that govern (unless such term(s) contradict a requirement under Applicable Law in which case such requirement shall prevail): (i) the Jurisdiction-Specific Terms; (ii) the General Terms; and (iii) the Agreement. If Meta has entered into a business associate agreement for employee benefits administration or other purposes with Company, the business associate agreement and not this DPA shall govern the Processing of Protected Health Information, as such term is defined by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended (collectively, “
HIPAA
”), and this DPA otherwise shall still apply to Company’s performance under the Agreement and Company's Processing of all other Personal Data which is not Protected Health Information under the Agreement.
1.4
Company's Status
Company shall be deemed to be a "Service Provider" and "Processor" under this DPA, save to the extent where Company is identified only as a "Third Party" or "Controller" in the Agreement.
Data Protection Terms
2.1.
General Safeguards.
Meta may retain or disclose documentation and information regarding Processing under the Agreement as Meta deems reasonably necessary to comply or demonstrate compliance with Applicable Law.
Company shall reasonably cooperate with Meta’s reasonable periodic requests for information regarding Company’s privacy and security practices and compliance with this DPA, including information Meta deems reasonably necessary to comply or demonstrate compliance with Applicable Law.
2.2.
Service Provider.
To the extent Company is a “Service Provider” or “Processor” (as identified pursuant to Section 1.4):
If Meta determines in its reasonable discretion that Company has violated this DPA, then Meta may take enforcement action against Company by limiting, suspending, or terminating Company’s access to Meta Platforms Data or taking other action that may be reasonably necessary to protect the privacy or security of Meta Platforms Data. Such action will not limit any of Meta’s other rights or remedies at law or in equity.
Company shall Process Meta Platforms Data solely for and at the direction of Meta, for the purposes specified in the Agreement (including this DPA) and for no other individual or entity and for no other purpose, except as permitted by the Jurisdiction-Specific Terms or as necessary to comply with Applicable Law (upon Meta’s request, Company will provide Meta with information regarding such Processing to the extent permitted under Applicable Law).
Company shall not disclose Meta Platforms Data, except for and at the direction of Meta for the purposes specified in the Agreement (including this DPA) and for no other purpose, except as permitted by the Jurisdiction-Specific Terms or as necessary to comply with Applicable Law (upon Meta’s request, Company shall provide Meta with information regarding such disclosure to the extent permitted under Applicable Law).
Company shall ensure that all persons authorized to Process Meta Platforms Data on behalf of Company in accordance with the Agreement (including this DPA) have committed themselves in writing to confidentiality or are under an appropriate statutory obligation of confidentiality in relation to such Meta Platforms Data.
Taking into account the nature of the Processing, Company shall assist Meta by implementing and maintaining appropriate technical, physical and organizational measures with respect to Meta Platforms Data, insofar as this is possible, to enable Meta to fulfill its obligations to respond to requests for the exercise of Privacy Rights.
If and to the extent Company is permitted under the Agreement to use a Subprocessor, Company shall ensure that each Subprocessor’s Processing (including disclosure) of Meta Platforms Data is consistent with the Agreement (including this DPA). Company acknowledges and agrees that Company shall remain fully liable to Meta for any acts or omissions of its Subprocessors.
Unless required by Applicable Law, Company shall not notify or make any statement (or provide any documents) to any third party (including the media, relevant regulators, supervisory authorities and individuals) about matters concerning any Processing of Meta Platforms Data (including regarding any Data Incident), without the prior written approval of Meta. Where Company is required by Applicable Law to notify or make a statement (or provide any documents) to any third party in the absence of approval from Meta, Company shall promptly provide to Meta a copy of any such notification, statements or documents unless prohibited by Applicable Law. Nothing in this Section 2.2(g) shall prevent Company from seeking legal advice from third parties in relation to Company’s compliance with Applicable Law, provided that Company shall comply with its confidentiality obligations owed to Meta.
Except as may otherwise be required by Applicable Law, at the choice of Meta, Company shall promptly delete or return to Meta (and procure that its Subprocessors promptly delete or return to Meta) all Meta Platforms Data upon completion of the Services (if applicable) or the termination of the Agreement, whichever is earlier, or upon Meta’s request. Company shall demonstrate to the reasonable satisfaction of Meta that it has taken such measures. Where Applicable Law prevents Company from returning or deleting all or part of the Meta Platforms Data, Company shall at all times preserve the confidentiality of such Meta Platforms Data retained by it and shall only actively Process such Meta Platforms Data after such date in order to comply with the Applicable Law to which it is subject.
2.3.
Third Party.
To the extent Company is a “Third Party” or “Controller” (as identified pursuant to Section 1.4) and Company receives or Processes Meta Platforms Data:
If Meta determines in its reasonable discretion that Company has violated the Meta Terms, then Meta may take enforcement action against Company by limiting, suspending, or terminating Company’s access to Meta Platforms Data or taking other action that may be reasonably necessary to protect the privacy or security of Meta Platforms Data. Such action will not limit any of Meta’s other rights or remedies at law or in equity.
If requested by Meta (no more than once annually in the ordinary course), Company shall certify to Meta its purpose(s) or use(s) for Meta Platforms Data, that each such purpose or use complies with the Meta Terms, and that it is otherwise in compliance with the Meta Terms.
Meta may conduct, and Company shall promptly cooperate with, regular monitoring of Company’s compliance with the Meta Terms and its Processing of Meta Platforms Data.
If either Party receives any correspondence, inquiry, or complaint from any individual (including to exercise any Privacy Rights concerning Meta Platforms Data), supervisory authority, other relevant regulator, or other third party in connection with Meta Platforms Data Processed by Company (collectively, “
Correspondence
”), then the Parties shall cooperate in good faith as necessary to enable that Party to respond to such Correspondence and fulfill their respective obligations under Data Protection Requirements.
Security Terms Regarding Meta Platforms Data
3.1
Information Security.
To the extent Company receives or Processes Meta Platforms Data:
In addition to any other data security terms set forth in the Agreement, Company’s safeguards for Meta Platforms Data will include Company maintaining an information security and privacy program that: (i) is designed to protect the security, and protect against the unauthorized or unlawful Processing, of Meta Platforms Data; (ii) meets the applicable standards of industry practice that are relevant to Company’s activities and the volume and sensitivity of Meta Platforms Data, including the appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures that protect against the unauthorized or unlawful Processing of Meta Platforms Data; (iii) includes an appropriate network security program; and (iv) complies with Data Protection Requirements applicable to Meta Platforms Data or the Processing thereof.
Upon Meta's reasonable request, Company shall participate in initial and periodic third-party assessments to address privacy and security requirements with respect to Company's Processing of Meta Platforms Data under the Agreement.
Company shall not request, on Meta’s behalf, user passwords for any application, website, or other services that are not controlled by Meta.
If Meta Platforms Data includes user passwords that Company Processes on Meta’s behalf, then Company shall encrypt in storage and transit such user passwords.
If Meta Platforms Data includes In-Scope Security Telephone Numbers, then Company shall not Process such In-Scope Security Telephone Numbers for the purpose of serving advertisements.
3.2
Data Incidents.
To the extent Company receives or Processes Meta Platforms Data:
If Company suffers a Data Incident, Company shall provide notice to Meta at
vendor-incident@meta.com
without undue delay following Company’s discovery thereof.
In the event of any such Data Incident, Company shall begin remediation of the Data Incident without undue delay and reasonably cooperate with Meta, including by informing Meta in reasonable detail of the impact of the Data Incident upon Meta Platforms Data and the corrective actions being taken, and keeping Meta updated about Company’s compliance with any notification or other Data Protection Requirements applicable to the Processing of Meta Platforms Data.
To the extent the Agreement specifies Company as a “Service Provider” or “Processor," Company shall further:
Provide to Meta the notice in Section 3.2(a) without undue delay and, in any event, within the earlier of forty-eight (48) hours or in accordance with the Data Protection Requirements applicable to Meta Platforms Data; and
Provide to Meta: (A) any and all reasonable information in Company’s possession or control relating to a Data Incident; (B) such assistance as Meta reasonably requires to enable Meta to investigate such Data Incident and discharge its obligations under Data Protection Requirements applicable to Meta Platforms Data or the Processing thereof (including all information reasonably required to notify any supervisory authority or other relevant regulator, individual and/or other third party); and (C) any other resources and assistance as reasonably required by Meta in connection with such notification(s), as applicable.
General
4.1
Survival.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, Company’s obligations regarding Meta Platforms Data or Personal Data will survive any termination or expiration of the Agreement to the extent Company continues to retain or otherwise Process Meta Platforms Data or Personal Data (as such retention or other Processing may be permitted under the Agreement or Applicable Law).
4.2
Severability & Waiver.
If any portion of this DPA is found to be unenforceable, then that portion will be limited to the minimum extent necessary to remain enforceable or, if necessary, severed and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. Any delay or failure by Meta to enforce any of its rights under this DPA will not be deemed a waiver.
4.3
Amendment.
Meta may need to update this DPA from time to time, including to accurately reflect or comply with Applicable Law. Such update shall be effective on the Last Updated date. Meta shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide at least thirty (30) days’ prior notice to Company of any material updates to this DPA. By Processing Personal Data under the Agreement, Company agrees to review and comply with the latest version of this DPA, and Company waives any objection to the means and manner of Company’s acceptance of this DPA that may be specified in or required by the Agreement.
Definitions
5.1
Definitions.
For purposes of this DPA, the following terms shall have the meanings set out below:
“Affiliate”
means, with respect to a Party, an entity which, directly or indirectly, owns or controls, is owned or is controlled by, or is under common ownership or control of a Party. As used in this term, “control” means the power to direct the management or affairs of an entity, and “ownership” means the beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50%) (or, if the applicable jurisdiction does not allow majority ownership, the maximum amount permitted under such law) or more of the voting equity securities or other equivalent voting interests of the entity.
“Agreement”
means each agreement, contract, or written instrument (including any Master Subscription Agreement, Professional Services Agreement, Consulting Agreement, Master Event Sponsorship Agreement, Master Services Agreement, Engagement Letter, Statement of Work, Order Form, Exhibit, Event Exhibit, Amendment, Addendum, or other Attachment) that Company enters into with Meta that incorporates by reference this DPA, including any other terms (including data protection addendums) incorporated into such document.
“APAC Data Protection Requirements”
means any and all Applicable Law related to data protection, data security, marketing, privacy, or the Processing of Personal Data in the countries in Asia (excluding the countries in the Middle East) and the countries that border the Pacific Ocean on the Asian side (including Australia, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam).
“Applicable Law”
means any applicable law, regulation, directive, or other binding requirements (each as may be implemented, amended, extended, superseded, or re-enacted from time to time), including but not limited to, for the avoidance of doubt, Data Protection Requirements.
“Company”
means the entity that entered into the Agreement with Meta, and such entity’s Affiliates to the extent they Process Meta Platforms Data under the Agreement.
“Controller”
and
“Third Party”
(or equivalent terms) means their respective definitions under Data Protection Requirements.
“Data Incident”
means: (i) the loss or deletion, or unlawful, accidental or unauthorized Processing of any Meta Platforms Data; (ii) any breach or compromise of the security, confidentiality, privacy, availability or integrity of any Meta Platforms Data or information systems that store or otherwise Process Meta Platforms Data; or (iii) any other incident involving Meta Platforms Data that may constitute a Personal Data breach, security incident, or similar term under Data Protection Requirements.
“Data Protection Requirements”
means, to the extent applicable: (i) APAC Data Protection Requirements; (ii) European Data Protection Requirements; (iii) LATAM, AMET, and Canadian Data Protection Requirements; (iv) USA Data Protection Requirements; (v) mandatory industry rules and standards including, to the extent applicable, the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“
PCI-DSS
”); and (vi) any and all other Applicable Law related to data protection, data security, marketing, privacy, or the Processing of Personal Data.
“European Data Protection Requirements”
means any and all Applicable Law related to data protection, data security, marketing, privacy, or the Processing of Personal Data in the European Union (“
EU
”), the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), Switzerland, or United Kingdom (“
UK
”), including, to the extent applicable, the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“
GDPR
”), Directive 2002/58/EC, Directive 2009/136/EC, and UK GDPR, together with any local, amending or replacement legislation in any EU Member State or the UK. For the purpose of this DPA, “
UK GDPR
” means the GDPR as amended and incorporated into UK law under the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.
“General Terms”
shall mean these terms, excluding all Jurisdiction-Specific Terms. The General Terms are available at
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/Privacy
.
“In-Scope Security Telephone Numbers”
means any telephone numbers identified by Meta as being an in-scope account security telephone number under the FTC Order.
“LATAM, AMET, and Canadian Data Protection Requirements”
means any and all Applicable Law related to data protection, data security, marketing, privacy, or the Processing of Personal Data in the countries of South America, Central America, Mexico, Africa, the Middle East, Turkey, or Canada, including the Brazil General Data Protection Law.
“Meta”
means, as applicable, Meta Platforms, Inc. (formerly Facebook, Inc.), Meta Platforms Ireland Limited (formerly Facebook Ireland Limited), or any Affiliate of Meta Platforms, Inc. to the extent such Affiliate Processes Personal Data under the Agreement.
“Meta Platforms Data”
means any and all Personal Data that Company Processes from or on behalf of Meta in connection with the Agreement, including information derived from or combined with such Personal Data and the Personal Data of Meta employees, contractors and personnel, and Meta users.
“Meta Terms”
means terms, policies, and procedures incorporated by reference in the Agreement (including this DPA) that apply to Company to the extent that Company is a Third Party or Controller (as identified pursuant to Section 1.4 of these General Terms) and that relate to the privacy, confidentiality, and integrity (e.g., unauthorized destruction, corruption, or falsification) of Meta Platforms Data.
“Personal Data”
means any information in any form, whether true or not, that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could be linked directly, or indirectly, to or used to identify, contact or locate a natural person, including by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, financial, cultural or social identity of that natural person. The term “Personal Data” includes any “personal information,” “personal data,” “personally identifiable information,” “nonpublic personal data,” or similar terms as defined by Data Protection Requirements, and also covers information of juristic persons and deceased natural persons where required under Data Protection Requirements.
“Privacy Rights”
means all rights granted to individuals under Data Protection Requirements concerning the Processing of their Personal Data by Company or Meta, including, to the extent applicable, any rights of access, knowledge, correction, objection, erasure, restriction, deletion, data portability, or similar rights granted under Data Protection Requirements.
“Processing,” “Process,”
or
“Processed”
means any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, including access, obtaining, collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure, transmission, dissemination, making available, alignment, combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
“Processor”
and
“Service Provider”
(or equivalent terms) means their respective definitions under Data Protection Requirements.
“Services”
means the service to be performed (if any) by Company under the Agreement.
“Subprocessor”
means an entity which Processes Meta Platforms Data on behalf of a Processor or Service Provider.
“USA Data Protection Requirements”
means any and all Applicable Law related to data protection, data security, marketing, privacy, or the Processing of Personal Data in the United States, including as applicable: the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“
CCPA
”); the Colorado Privacy Act (“
CPA
”); the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (“
CTDPA
”); the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act (“
DPDPA
”); the Florida Digital Bill of Rights (“
FDBR
”); the Iowa Act Relating to Consumer Data Protection (“
ICDPA
”); the Montana Consumer Data Protection Act ("
MCDPA
");  the Nebraska Data Privacy Act (“
NEDPA
”); the New Jersey Data Privacy Act (“
NJDPA
”); the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act (“
NHDPA
”); the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“
OCPA
”); the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (“
TDPSA
”); the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“
UCPA
”); the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (”
VCDPA
”) (together, the “
USA State Laws
”); the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (“
TCPA
”); the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act (“
CAN-SPAM
”); the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”); the Fair Credit Reporting Act (“
FCRA
”); the Electronic Communications Privacy Act; Massachusetts Gen. Law Ch. 93H; the Federal Trade Commission Act; binding requirements promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission (“
FTC
”), including with respect to Meta the FTC Order effective as of April 28, 2020 (the “
FTC Order
”); the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act (“
BIPA
”); any other Applicable Law in the United States relating to biometric information; and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (together with all implementing regulations and rules, the “
GLBA
”).
5.2
Interpretation.
All capitalized terms used in this DPA but not defined herein shall have the same meaning as set out elsewhere in the Agreement. The terms “include,” “includes,” and “including” shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words “without limitation,” and the term “or” shall be deemed non-exclusive.
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Sign Up
Log In
Messenger
Facebook Lite
Video
Meta Pay
Meta Store
Meta Quest
Ray-Ban Meta
Meta AI
Instagram
Threads
Voting Information Center
Privacy Policy
Privacy Center
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://www.ngrow.ai/privacy-policy:
Integration Guide
Web2Web
Case Studies
Pricing
About
Blog
Video Blog
Log in
Book a demo
Sign Up
Integration Guide
Web2Web
Case Studies
Pricing
About
Blog
Video Blog
Log in
Book a demo
Sign Up
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last update: Sep, 14, 2023
Your privacy is important to us. By general definition, Personal Data is any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identifiedusing that information. We want to emphasize that the data we process, whichhas been provided to us by the Partner, is information pertaining to an identifiable person, which, however, can NOT beidentified directly or indirectly by the use of this information.  ‍
This privacy policy:
Please read this privacy policy carefully and make sure you fully understand and agree with it, before you access or use any of our services.
Definitions and Interpretation
In this privacy, the following definitions are used:
“We”, “Us” and “Our” means:
Then Grow System (hereinafter also referred to as the “ nGrow ”) – it is a set of cloud services, which includes server hardware and a software package, built using web technologies and ensuring popularization of the products and servicesby performing marketing activities, activities within the framework of personalization and or customer lifecycle management, as well as other generated activities.
The SaaS (Software as a Service) is a model for granting access to the nGrow System to the commercial companies that have entered intoservice agreements with us (hereinafter referred to as "Partners") by browsers or other programs using web protocols.
All rights for the nGrow belongs to nGrow, Inc. registered in the Delaware state,having its registered office at 2093 Philadelphia Pike, Claymont, Delaware, 19703, US
“You”, “your” or “data subject” means:
The Partner’s Client is any individual or legal entity registered in the Partner’s mobile application, which receives information about the Partner’s products/services and marketing activities using the Partner’s mobile application, or places an order for products/ services in the Partner’s mobile application, or participates in marketing activities, activities within the framework of personalization and or customer lifecycle management, as well as other activities generated using the nGrow System.
Processing mean the handling of your personal data by us, including collecting, protecting and storing your personal data. We use only the data required for nGrow to work, the rest (redundant) data will be deleted and/or will not be interpreted.
Our Data Protection Principles
We adhere to the principles relating to processing of personal dataset out in the GDPR which require personal data to be:
1. Data Controller
1.1 This privacy policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to your personal data and therefore determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
2. How We Collect Data
2.1 We obtain  data mainly through any information provided by third party (the Partner). Below is a list of ways in which we collect  data.
Data collected via third parties including our business partners, contractors and/or vendors in a manner that is permitted.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the nGrow:
3. Personal Data We Use, Purposes and Legal Grounds
We may collect the following personal data from you. We will only process your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Type of information
Purpose
Legal basis of processing
Data about your use of Partner’s  products/services and marketing activities using the Partner’s mobile  application, or places an order for products/services in the Partner’s  mobile application, or participates in marketing activities, activities  within the framework of personalization and/ or customer lifecycle  management, as well as other activities generated using the nGrow System.
Geographical  location, app version, operating system, install source and timing, length of  visit, page views, app navigation paths, timing, frequency, pattern of your  service use.
To analyse the operation of Partner’s Service.
Performing the contract we have with a Partner.
Transaction data
The transaction  data and the order details.
To analyse the operation of Partner’s Service.
Performing the contract we have with a Partner.
Notification data
Notification  data, push notification sendings, opens, deliveries; APNs, FCM, HMS  push-tokens
The notification data may be processed for the  purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters.
Consent. Performing the contract we have with  you.
Any  of your personal data identified in this policy
Exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in  court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure, the  protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal  rights of others.
Our legitimate interests.
Any of your personal data identified in  this policy
The obtaining or maintaining insurance  coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice.
Our legitimate interests.
4. Information We May Provide to ThirdParties
We may disclose your personal data to the third parties listed below.When we do so, we require those third parties to have appropriate technical andorganisational measures in place to protect your personal data. We will notshare any of your personal data for any purpose other than the purposesdescribed in this privacy policy, nor will we sell your personal data toanyone.
4.1 Any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries,our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonablynecessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this privacypolicy.
4.2 To our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonablynecessary for the purposes of managing risks, obtaining professional advice, orthe establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4.3 Governmental and regulatory bodies, including law enforcement authorities, in connection with enquiries, proceedings or investigations by such parties or in order to enable nGrow tocomply with its legal and regulatory requirements.
5. Your Data Protection Rights
You have the following rights in terms of the personal data we holdabout you:
The right to be informed
nGrow is publishing this privacy policy to keep you  informed as to what we do with your personal data.
You can ask us for information regarding any  data of yours that we keep at any time. This information concerns, among  other things, the data categories we process, for what purposes we process  them, the origin of the data if we did not acquire them directly from you  and, if applicable, the recipients to whom we have sent your data.
The right to access
This enables you to receive a copy of the  personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing  it. You can obtain a copy of your data from us free of charge. If you are  interested in other copies, we reserve the right to charge for the additional  copies.
The right to correction (rectification)
You can request that we correct your data. We  will initiate appropriate measures to keep the data of yours that we  continuously process correct, complete, and up to date, based the latest information  available to us
The right to erasure
(The right to be forgotten)
You can request that we delete your data  provided the legal requirements have been met. In accordance with Article 17  the GDPR, this can be the case if:
Where the processing is not necessary:
The right to restrict processing
You can request that we restrict the processing  of your data if:
The right to data portability
At your request, we will transfer your data–  where technically possible – to another responsible entity.
However, this right only applies if the data  processing is based on your consent or is required to fulfill a contract.  Instead of receiving a copy of your data, you can ask us to send the data  directly to another responsible entity that you specify.
The right to object
You can object to the processing of your data  at any time for reasons that arise from your special situation provided the  data processing is based on your consent or our legitimate interest or that  of a third party. In this case, we will no longer process your data. The  latter does not apply if we are able to prove there are compelling,  defensible reasons for the processing that outweigh your interests or we  require your data to assert, exercise or defend against legal claims.
The right to withdraw consent
Withdraw the consent you gave us with regard to  the processing of your personal data for certain purposes, such as to allow  us to promote our products and services to you.
The right to complain
nGrow takes your rights very seriously. However, if  you are of the opinion that we have not dealt with your complaints  adequately, you have the right to submit a complaint to the data privacy  protection authorities responsible.
We endeavour to address all of your requests promptly. For more information regarding your rights over Personal Data, you should contact
maratz@ngrow.ai
. In order to exercise your rights, you should submit a request to
maratz@ngrow.ai
.
6. International Transfers of YourPersonal Data
6.1  nGrow we will impose the same data protection safeguards that we deploy inside the EEA to ensure that your personal data areal ways protected, uses standard contract clauses approved by the European Commission or other suitable safeguard to permit data transfers from the EEA toother countries. Standard contractual clauses are commitments between companiestransferring personal data, binding them to protect the privacy and security of Client’s Personal Data. The information that we request will be retainedon our server on address
aws.amazon.com
7. Retaining and Deleting Personal Data
7.1 We will keep your personal data for as long as is necessary forthe purpose for which we initially collected them. Once such period has ended,we will keep your personal data for the longest of the 24 hours.
7.2 Once the retention period of your personal data lapses, we will ensure that your personal data are securely destroyed.
8. Confidentiality and Security
8.1 We deploy various security measures such as encryption and authentication tools in line with the current state of the art to protect andmaintain the security, integrity and availability of your personal data.
8.2 100% protection against unauthorised access in the case of data transfers across the internet or a website cannot be guaranteed, but we and ourservice providers and business partners do our utmost to protect your personaldata in line with the prevailing data protection legislation by means ofphysical and electronic physical precautions. Among other things, we use thefollowing measures:
aws.amazon.com
8.3 Integration via Google Firebase Analytics:
8.4 Integration via Amplitude, Mixpanel, Adjust, etc:
9. Changes to this privacy policy
9.1 We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes areeffective immediately after they are posted on this page.
10 Contacts
11.1 If you have any questions or suggestions about our PrivacyPolicy, do not hesitate to contact us at maratz@ngrow.ai.
11. Children's Privacy
11.1. These Services do not address anyone under the age of 6. We do not knowinglycollect personally identifiable information from children under 6. In thecase we discover that a child under 6 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers.
11.2. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us
maratz@ngrow.ai
so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
12. Service Providers
12.1 We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to thefollowing reasons:
12.2 We want to inform you that these third parties have access toyour Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to themon our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. This function is used by the Service using third-party services, such as Devtodev located at
https://www.devtodev.com
.
All rights belong to nGrow, Inc.
Registered office: 2093 Philadelphia Pike, Claymont, Delaware, 19703, USA
Getting started
Connect analytics
Add push_token
Connect push SDK
FAQ
Integration guides
All Integrations
Firebase
BiqQuery
Amplitude
AppsFlyer
Resources
About
Jobs
Blog
Video Blog
Cases
Privacy Policy
All rights belong to nGrow, Inc.
Registered office: 2093 Philadelphia Pike, Claymont, Delaware, 19703, USA
Getting started
Connect analytics
Add push_token
Connect push SDK
FAQ
Integration guides
All Integrations
Firebase
BiqQuery
Amplitude
AppsFlyer
Resources
About
Jobs
Blog
Video Blog
Cases
Privacy Policy
All rights belong to nGrow, Inc.
Registered office: 2093 Philadelphia Pike, Claymont, Delaware, 19703, USA
Getting started
Connect analytics
Add push_token
Connect push SDK
FAQ
Integration guides
All Integrations
Firebase
BiqQuery
Amplitude
AppsFlyer
Resources
About
Jobs
Blog
Video Blog
Cases
Privacy Policy
All rights belong to nGrow, Inc.
Registered office: 2093 Philadelphia Pike, Claymont, Delaware, 19703, USA
Getting started
Connect analytics
Add push_token
Connect push SDK
FAQ
Integration guides
All Integrations
Firebase
BiqQuery
Amplitude
AppsFlyer
Resources
About
Jobs
Blog
Video Blog
Cases
Privacy Policy