If you wish to delete your account and all associated data, you may do so in the Hamilton App. While logged in, navigate to the Profile page.At the bottom of the page, select Delete Account. You will be prompted to enter your account password for validation. Please note this action is permanent and can not be reversed
If you are not able to access your account, please email
appsupport@baselinetheatrical.com
. You will be asked to validate account information to confirm your identity prior to deletion.
https://hamiltonmusical.com/app-privacy/
Hamilton Uptown Limited Liability Company of 1501 Broadway, 24th Floor, New York, NY 10036 (“Hamilton,” “we” or “us”) respects your privacy. We created this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and to help you understand how your information is collected and used.
This Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding information collection and usage solely for
Hamilton – The Official App
(the “App”). This Privacy Policy applies only to the App and does not govern any other websites, applications or services, unless it appears on such website, application or service.
By using or accessing the App, you agree that you have read and understood our Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO US USING YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION IN THE MANNER SET OUT IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE APP.
IF YOU ARE LOCATED WITHIN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (“EEA”):
For the purposes of the European General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), Hamilton shall be considered the data controller of your personally identifiable information. Please also see the section of this Privacy Policy entitled “
Additional Information and Rights applicable to Individuals Located in the EEA
”, which sets out the additional information that the GDPR requires us to provide to you to explain our processing activities and your rights in relation to those activities.
Personally Identifiable Information That We Collect
Hamilton collects personally identifiable information about you that you voluntarily submit to us. We may collect this information in a variety of ways, including without limitation when you register for an account, when you use the features and functionality on our App and purchase products through the App. The personally identifiable information which you may voluntarily provide to us or we may otherwise collect or access through the App includes:
Your name, password, e-mail address, postal code, date of birth and, if provided, your telephone number.
Your shipping address, if provided.
Your credit or debit card information and billing postal code, if provided.
The user name of your device.
Your location (if we have your consent, where required by law).
Information about you contained in communications between you and us (e.g., emails).
Any content you provide to the App or create on the App, such as a photograph with a filter featured on the App.
Hamilton will not access your photos or camera without first getting your express permission and we will never scan or import your photo library or camera roll. If you give us permission to access photos or your camera, we will only use images that you specifically choose to share with us. (You may use our application to select the photo or photos you choose to share, but we will never import the photos you review except those you expressly share). Additionally, Hamilton will not gather information about your precise location without first getting your express permission. Hamilton will only gather information about your precise location when you are actively using the App and will not track your location when the App is in the background. If you change your mind about providing Hamilton with access to your photos, camera or precise location, you can simply revoke your consent by changing the settings on your device if your device offers those options. If you do so, certain services may lose full functionality.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information That We Collect
When you visit the App, we may automatically collect certain non-identifying information about you, such as the mobile device that you use to access the App, your Internet Protocol address, the date and time that you access the App, the domain name of the website from which you arrived to the App, links that you click on within the App, any other activity of yours on the App and other technical information that assists us in improving the App.  Note, in some jurisdictions (including European member states), your Internet Protocol address may be considered personally identifiable information.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We may use “cookies” or similar types of technology (e.g., device identifiers, pixels tags, web beacons, clear GIFs, and local storage) to collect information about your use of the App, such as pages you have visited, content you have viewed and how you have otherwise interacted with the services on the App. We may use this information for insight and analysis purposes to help us enhance the App and make your visit more convenient. For your information, “cookies” are small text files containing a string of characters that can be placed on your computer or mobile device that uniquely identifies your browser or device. Some cookies and similar technologies are essential to the operation of the App. Some are not essential, but instead allow us to provide additional functionality or to gather additional information about your use of the App. In addition, we may provide products and services that support the App, such as social media features that enable you to share information with your social networks or services, and we may also use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the App. These third parties may employ cookies, device identifiers or similar technologies. We do not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of the third parties using such technologies. Your mobile device may provide you with information and choices on what data is shared with us.
Our App uses “Google Analytics for Firebase” and “Sentry.io.” Google Analytics for Firebase is an analytics tool which collects information about how you use our App. We only use this information on an anonymized basis for our own internal analytical purposes and not for marketing purposes. You can find out more about “Google Analytics for Firebase” and how it works here:
https://firebase.google.com/docs/analytics/
. Sentry.io is an error tracking tool. In the event that the App crashes, we may automatically send an error report to Sentry.io to assist us in correcting software bugs, which error report includes information such as the user’s device type, device name, and other data. For more information on Sentry’s data processing and how it works, see Sentry’s privacy policy: https://sentry.io/privacy/.
Your continued use of the App is your consent to us using such tools in the manner described above. If you would like to block or delete cookies and similar technologies you may be able to do so using your device settings.
How We Use Your Information
In addition to other specific uses that we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use any information that we collect (including personally and non-personally identifiable information) for the following purposes:
App registration and use:
We will use your information to process your registration for an account on the App. Once you are registered, we will use your information to identify you when you log into secure areas of our App. We will use your account information so that we can administer your account and contact you about your account. Your access to and use of our App, including any secure areas, is subject to our
App Terms of Use
.
Purchases:
We use your information so that we can fulfil the supply of products and services you have ordered and to process any payments, returns and/or refunds. Certain products and services we offer are also subject to specific terms and conditions which apply to your purchase and use of such products and services.
Feedback:
From time to time, we may invite you to provide feedback about us or our products and services. We will use your personal information contained in your feedback or survey response to help us improve the quality of service provided by our personnel. We also use your feedback to monitor the quality of our products and services and to assist with the selection of future products and services.
Customer services:
When you submit an enquiry to us, whether through the App or otherwise, we use your information to enable us to manage and respond to your enquiries and requests. We may also contact you with service messages (e.g., regarding account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of our services which may affect you and technical and security notices).
Promotions:
From time to time, we may run prize draws, prize competitions and other promotions on our App. For the purposes of administering such promotions, we may process your name, contact details (including email address, postal address and/or telephone number, as applicable), social media handle (if relevant) and any other personal information volunteered by you in your promotion entry.
Marketing activities:
We use your information to send you updates (e.g., relating to our products, services, special offers, features, and promotions), marketing materials and other information from time to time via email or other forms of electronic communication, for which you will have the opportunity to either opt-in or opt-out in accordance with applicable law.
If you are located within the EEA:
We will only send you marketing communications by email where you have consented to receive such communications, or where we have another lawful right to do so under applicable law.
Insight and analysis:
We use your information to monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns. This information is used to create insights about our visitors’ use of our App. Where we have your consent to do so (where required by applicable law), we will also use your location data for insight and analysis purposes. By using this information, we are able to measure the effectiveness of our content and how visitors use our App and our products and services. This allows us to learn what features and functionality of our App are most attractive to our visitors, which parts of our App are the most interesting and what kind of features and functionalities our visitors and clients like to see.
Diagnostics and maintenance:
We use your information to help us diagnose or fix technology problems with the App and to provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of the App.
Business administration and legal compliance:
We use your information for business administration and legal compliance purposes, including without limitation, to comply with our legal obligations, to enforce our legal rights, to protect the rights of third parties, and in connection with a business transition such as a merger, reorganisation, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets.
Please be assured that any credit and/or debit card details and billing address you provide us will only be processed by us and/or shared with a third party strictly in connection with any in-App purchases you make.
Disclosure Of Your Information
We will not disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties without your consent, except as set forth below or provided elsewhere in this Privacy Policy:
We may disclose your personally identifiable information to our vendors, subcontractors, and partners, and other third parties who provide services to us. However, they are only permitted to access your information in connection with performing such services and are not authorized by us to use the information for their own benefit.
We may disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties who provide, or assist us in providing, products and services that are offered on the App. For instance, if you enter a digital lottery on the App, we will disclose certain of your personally identifiable information to Jujamcyn Theaters LLC d/b/a Lucky Seat, which is sponsoring the digital lottery jointly with Hamilton. If you wish to purchase merchandise and/or digital content through the App, we may disclose certain of your personally identifiable information (including credit card or debit card information or billing address) to Creative Goods Merchandise LLC (our third party merchandise reseller) and/or Stripe (our payment processing provider), as applicable. The use of your information by such third parties will be subject to the privacy policies of such third parties once such information is transferred. Specifically, if you would like more information on how Lucky Seat may use your personally identifiable information, please review the official rules of the digital lottery and Lucky Seat’s privacy policy available at: https://www.luckyseat.com/privacy.php.
We may disclose (with your consent if you are located within the EEA) your personally identifiable information to our partners that provide products and services or technologies that we believe may be of interest to you. The use of your information by our partners and their vendors and contractors will be subject to the privacy policies of our partners once such information is transferred.
We may disclose your personally identifiable information to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Hamilton; to investigate, prevent, or otherwise address suspected fraud or other violations of any law, rule or regulation or the Terms of Use for the App; to detect, prevent or otherwise address security or technical issues; or as we believe is required by law, regulation, or legal process.
We do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties; provided, however, we may engage in a merger, acquisition, disposition, change of control, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of your information.
We may share non-personally identifiable information or generic aggregated demographic information with our partners or other third parties for any purpose.
Credit Card Companies
Credit card transactions related to transactions within the App may be handled by third party financial institutions and their vendors and contractors who receive credit card numbers and other personal information from us to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions. Although our treatment of this information is governed by this Privacy Policy, the use of your information by the third party financial institutions and their vendors and contractors will be subject to their own privacy policies.
Security
The security of your information is very important to us. We attempt to provide for the secure storage of your information by using commercially reasonable safeguards and taking reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. Unfortunately, due to the inherent nature of the Internet and online communications, we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us or guarantee that information on the App or our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third parties such as hackers. Your use of the App demonstrates your assumption of this risk. All of our employees, workers and data processors (i.e. those who process your personal data on our behalf), who have access to, and are associated with, the processing of personally identifiable information, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of the personally identifiable information of all users of the App.
Other Services, Websites and Applications
The App may integrate third-party services and content and may contain links to third-party websites and applications. Functionality on the App may also permit interactions between the App and a third-party website or feature. For example, the App may include a feature that enables you to share content from the App or your content with a third party, which may be publicly posted on that third party’s service or application. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party services, websites and applications, and we do not endorse or promote such third-party websites, applications and services. This Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use do not apply to any third-party service, website or application. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party service, website or application or service, including those that are integrated in the App or have a link on the App, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. When you link away from our App, you do so at your own risk.
Social Media
The App may contain links to our presence on various social media platforms. As we do not operate or control such platforms, this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use do not apply to your use of such platforms. In addition, you should be aware that personally identifiable information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, social network or other social media platform may be viewed and used by others. We are unable to control such uses of your personally identifiable information, and by using such services you assume the risk that the personally identifiable information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties.
User Communication With Us
Any material or communications transmit to us by email, including, without limitation, any information, photographs, data, questions, comments, or suggestions, will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and may be used by us for any purpose, including, without limitation, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting.
Protection for Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the App. The App and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at
hamapp@baselinetheatrical.com
.
IF YOU ARE LOCATED WITHIN THE EEA:
Our App and the commercial products and services that we offer are not specifically targeted at children, although we appreciate that they may appeal to children. If you are under the age of 18, we ask that you obtain your parent’s or guardian’s consent before submitting any personal information to us or requesting any products or services from us. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 18, please ensure that you supervise your child’s use of our App and our products and services and ensure they obtain your consent before submitting any personal information to us or requesting any products or services from us. For the purpose of safeguarding the rights, interests and freedoms of children, we may ask you to verify your age in order to continue using our App and/or any of our products and services you may have requested.
Rights of California Residents
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request and obtain from us a list of what personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the names and addresses of those third parties. Requests may be made only once a year and are free of charge.
Additional Information and Rights applicable to Individuals Located in the EEA
Legal basis for processing
Under the GDPR, we are required to tell you the legal basis we are relying on to process your personally identifiable information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Where your information is completely anonymized, we do not require a legal basis to use it as the information will no longer constitute personally identifiable information that is regulated under data protection laws. However, our collection and use of such anonymized information may be subject to other laws where your consent is required. Please see the section entitled “
Cookies and Similar Technologies
” above for further details.
The below table explains our legal basis for processing your personally identifiable information, in particular for the purposes set out in the “
How We Use Your Information
” section above: