Privacy Policy
Effective as of February 26, 2020
This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how we collect, use, share, and protect your personal information in relation to your use of our mobile application (app) and FoodMarble hardware (collectively referred to as the "Service").
What We Collect:
Personal data you provide us directly
General Information.
When you sign up to use the app, we may collect personal data about you such as:
An email address
Alias/username/nickname (optional)
Year of birth (optional)
Your gender (optional)
Country where you are from (optional)
Health and Wellbeing information.
When you use the Service, you may provide personal information about your health, such as:
Breath readings
Details of meals you had (including images)
Scores relating to sleep quality and stress levels
Levels of symptoms experienced
FODMAP or Custom Challenges attempted
Stool logging, as per the Bristol Stool Scale
Any notes you choose to make relating to a point in time or specific days
Other information you choose to log about your health
You may also choose to provide us with additional health information such as your weight and symptoms you experience through optional survey questions. This information helps make the overall dataset richer and more useful, making it possible to spot more interesting patterns which means that in the future, we'll be able to make better and more useful recommendations to you.
This data processing requires your consent in accordance with Article. 9(2)(a) of GDPR legislation. The concrete consent given by you to the use of your health and wellbeing data can be found at the end of this privacy policy under the point “Your Consent”.
Personal data we may collect automatically
When you access or use the Service, we may automatically collect the following information. This is done to see what features of the app people use, so we can prioritise our efforts at improving the user experience.
Device Information:
Hardware model;
Information about operating system and its version;
Mobile network information;
Location Information:
Time zone;
Information about your mobile service provider.
App usage data, including, among others:
Frequency of use;
Areas and features of our app you visit;
Your use patterns generally;
Engagement with particular features;
App crash data.
Hardware performance information:
Performance and usage trends of the FoodMarble hardware;
Features of the FoodMarble hardware that you use.
We also use partner companies that conduct analyses on app usage on our behalf. These are the following companies:
Firebase
Crisp
Why we collect data
We may use your Personal data, for the following purposes:
to analyse, operate, maintain and improve the app,
to add new features and services to the app;
to customise content and materials you see when you use the app;
to send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
to respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
to help you retrieve your data if you change phones or have to re-install the app;
to monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our app;
to monitor the performance and usage of the FoodMarble hardware when you interact with the Service;
to contact you if the FoodMarble hardware is flagged by our automated hardware performance monitoring system as having a potential issue;
to link or combine with information we get from others or (and) from you to help understand your needs and provide you with better service (to use in training of neural networks, artificial intelligence);
for scientific and academic research purposes; and
for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect personal data or any other purposes indicated in this Privacy Policy.
Principles of processing
Data minimisation and purpose limitation.
We will not process Personal data in a way that is incompatible with the purposes for which it has been collected or subsequently authorised by you or collect any personal data that is not needed for the mentioned purposes. For any new purpose of processing we will ask for your separate explicit consent. To the extent necessary for those purposes, we take all reasonable steps to ensure that personal data is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current. We also undertake to collect only such amount and type of personal data that is strictly needed for the mentioned purposes.
No sale of personal data.
We will never sell, rent, or disclose your personal data.
Aggregated information
We may share aggregated, anonymised or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you, with our partners or research institutions. For example, we may share, including, without limitation, in articles, blog posts and scientific publications, general age demographic information and aggregate statistics about certain activities or symptoms from data collected to help identify patterns across users. Sharing such data contributes to the advancement of scientific research on digestive health.
Special circumstances
We may also share some of your personal data in the following special circumstances:
in response to subpoenas, court orders or legal processes, to the extent permitted and as restricted by law (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements);
when disclosure is required to maintain the security and integrity of the app, or to protect any user’s security or the security of other persons, consistent with applicable laws. In such cases we may also delete some of your personal data (e.g. resetting your password to avoid unauthorised access);
when disclosure is directed or consented to by the user who has input the personal data;
in the event that we go through a business transition, such as a merger, divestiture, acquisition, liquidation or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.
Retention of your Personal data:
When you use the App
We will retain your personal data as long as your account is active or needed to provide you services, and only for as long as it serves purposes of processing identified in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy. At any time, you can erase your personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
After you stop using the App
If you choose to delete the app, deactivate your account, we retain your personal data for as long as your account is active and a reasonable period thereafter in case you decide to re-activate the services.
You should be aware that we may retain certain personal data and other information after your account has been terminated or deleted in an aggregated, anonymised form. We reserve the right to use your information in any aggregated data collection after you have terminated your account, however we will ensure that the use of such information will not identify you personally. We will also retain your personal data as necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
If you remove data from your account, you will no longer see it in the app, but some backups of the data may remain in our archive servers for a reasonable period of time due to technical solutions we use. However, we undertake to delete any such backups within a reasonable period of time.
Security
User data is held on secure servers hosted by Amazon Web Services, in the European Union. All data sent or received from our servers is transferred using the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol, which encrypts the data in transit. However, the nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organizational measures) to protect your personal data.
Removal of data:
If you want us to remove your data, please email us at
privacy@foodmarble.com
from your registered email address and tell us that you would like your data to be deleted.
Retrieving your data:
Similarly, if you'd like to get a copy of all your data, email us at
privacy@foodmarble.com
with your registered email address.
Contact Details:
Full Company Name:
FoodMarble Digestive Health Ltd.
Contact email:
hello@foodmarble.com
Postal Address:
Guinness Enterprise Centre, Taylor's Lane, Dublin 8, D08 YE0P, Ireland
Document Info:
Created on:
17th July 2017
Updated:
07 February 2024
Version:
2.1