Home
Offers
Shop
Wallet
Invite Friends
Inviter & Invitees
Contact
Sign Out
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Reset App
Refer
Invite Friends
Inviter & Invitees
Others
Contact
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sign Out
Reset App
Privacy Policy
Last modified: February 26, 2021
Bituro is committed to protecting the privacy of your information collected while you use our websites or
any other Bituro services. If you do not accept the terms set out in this privacy policy, you should cease all usage of our services.
This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you.
We keep its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this page.
What data do we collect?
Personal information (name, email address, gender, postal code, country, date of birth, etc.)
Device information (device model, OS version, iOS IDFA or Google advertisement id, etc.).
How will we use your data?
We use this information for verifying account information, identifying frauds, sending daily or special offers,
and also for contacting users.
We may share some of your collected information with our partners with appropriate safeguards only when they require such information to provide
better services to our users.
We do not sell our users' private personal information.
Cookies
We may set and access cookies on your device, which are small text files to help us recognize you the next time you visit us.
We also use these cookies to customize our services for users’ preferences or statuses.
Privacy policies of other websites
Our websites or mobile applications may contain links to third party websites or mobile applications.
Please be aware that these other sites and applications have their own privacy policies. You are advised to review those policies before following the links.
How to delete your account and user data
You can request to delete your account and user data any time by sending an email to
support@bituro.com
.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise your data protection rights,
please contact us any time by sending an email to
support@bituro.com
.
Survey Serving Technology
This app uses Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an on-line survey platform, through which, anyone may conduct surveys.
Pollfish collaborates with Developers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications
and address survey questionnaires to them. When a user connects to this app, a specific set of user’s device data (including
Advertising ID which will may be processed by Pollfish only in strict compliance with google play policies- and/or other device data)
and response meta-data (including information about the apps which the user has installed in his mobile phone)
is automatically sent to Pollfish servers, in order for Pollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey.
For a full list of data received by Pollfish through this app, please read carefully Pollfish respondent terms
located at https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent. These data will be associated with your answers
to the questionnaires whenever Pollfish sents such questionnaires to eligible users.
By downloading the application you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent
for the processing by Pollfish of the aforementioned data.
Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by using the Pollfish “opt out section”
available on Pollfish website . We once more invite you to check the respondent’s terms of use,
if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works.
APPLE, GOOGLE AND AMAZON ARE NOT A SPONSOR NOR ARE INVOLVED IN ANY WAY IN THIS CONTEST/DRAW.
NO APPLE PRODUCTS ARE BEING USED AS PRIZES.