Last Updated  March 2022
Privacy Policy
coolstudios team has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how coolstudios collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with coolstudios’s Services.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. coolstudios reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If coolstudios makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, coolstudios may post a notice on coolstudios’s website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Non-personal data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data coolstudios may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties, including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your checkin (include like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all coolstudios users.
coolstudios may use and disclose to coolstudios’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other coolstudios services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by coolstudios may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Personal information collected by coolstudios is information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your account information. The information includes your facebook id, name, gender, location and your friends’id on facebook. coolstudios also stores your game checkins, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages.
coolstudios may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other coolstudios services and products. coolstudios may combine non-personal data with personal data.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, coolstudios may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to coolstudios. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. coolstudios may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by coolstudios and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
coolstudios collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, coolstudios may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
coolstudios may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on coolstudios’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by coolstudios. These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. coolstudios may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers. coolstudios has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for coolstudios. coolstudios is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.
coolstudios may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or coolstudios to legal liability. coolstudios may also disclose your personal data to third parties when coolstudios has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with coolstudios’s rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or coolstudios believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect coolstudios’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on coolstudios. To the extent permitted by applicable law, coolstudios will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through coolstudios’s website or in another reasonable manner.
Safeguards
coolstudios follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in coolstudios’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in coolstudios’s possession. Personal data collected by coolstudios is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data, coolstudios maintains personal data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite coolstudios’s reasonable efforts, there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume this risk.
User Data Deletion
The user has the authority to manage, use and delete the data generated in the application. If the user no longer needs the account data in the app, the user can delete or remove it.
Data range that can be deleted:  1. The basic information of the user's Facebook account obtained by the application; 2. User account login record; 3. All user operation records in the app, such as level records, purchase records, etc.
There are notes users should be aware before deleting or removing users. Depending on users' account, deleting, or removing users may have the following effects: 1. The application will delete all user data; 2. Before deleting the user data, you may need to transfer some data; 3. The system will not delete certain data, such as application-related content shared by users on Facebook; 4. After user data is deleted, it cannot be recovered.
Steps to delete the data in the app: 1. Go to your Facebook profile, and find Apps and Websites page at the Facebook Settings; 2. Remove our app; 3. Click the Removed sub-tab, find our app, and Send Request to delete data.
Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices:
AdMob:
Privacy Policy
Airpush:
Privacy Policy
Chartboost:
Privacy Policy
StartApp:
Privacy Policy
Other
Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services coolstudios may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. coolstudios is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.
If you are under 15 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. coolstudios takes children’s privacy seriously, and encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times. coolstudios does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below the aforementioned age and if coolstudios learns that coolstudios has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under the aforementioned age, coolstudios will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data from coolstudios’s records.
coolstudios may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. coolstudios may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of coolstudios’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.
coolstudios regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If coolstudios receives a formal written complaint from you, it is coolstudios’s policy to attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns. coolstudios will cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved between you and coolstudios.
Contact Us mail: ljwan12@126.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 3
http://www.startapp.com/policy/sdk-policy/:
Publishers
AI Driven Monetization
Download the SDK
Advertising Solutions
Device-based audience segmentation
Curation
Maia – Mobile AI Audience
About us
Company
Career
Press
Log in
Sign up
Page not found
Seems like the page you were looking for doesn't exist (404),
go back to the home page and start over.
Home page
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.
Cookie settings
Manage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
Cookie
Duration
Description
cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional
11 months
The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-others
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".
viewed_cookie_policy
11 months
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.