We value your privacy
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.
Customize
Reject All
Accept All
We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below.
The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ...
Show more
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
No cookies to display.
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Barna Recycling respects your right to privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data, and we endeavour to ensure any personal data you provide to us remains private and is used for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
We respect your right to privacy and will not collect any personal information about you without your consent.
By viewing or using this website you accept and agree to all the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
Types of Personal Information Collected and Processed
Non-Personal Data
Barna Recycling will receive technical Data and usage data when you browse the website. We collect this data by using cookies, tracking codes, server logs and other similar technologies. Please see our Cookies Policy for further details.
Personal Data
This is information that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you and may include your name, address, email address, user IP addresses in circumstances where they have not been deleted, clipped or anonymised, telephone number and billing and credit card information. Such information is only collected from you if you voluntarily submit it to us, e.g. by sending us an email Barna Recycling process any personal data you have provided to us for the following purposes
Operation of the waste collection service
Processing of payments
Contacting you in connection with your account
Responding to any queries or information requests submitted to us
Responding to communication and or complaints submitted to us
Updating Your Personal Data
It is important that the personal data we hold is accurate and current. Please inform us of any changes in your personal data, and in accordance with our obligations under the Data Protection Legislation we will update or delete your personal data accordingly. It is always your responsibility to keep your personal data up to date.
Disclosure of information to third parties
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are;
under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal obligation.
to enforce or apply our terms and conditions of the service and other agreements.
to protect the rights, property, or safety of the company, our customers, or others
Security
Barna Recycling has appropriate security management systems in place to safeguard the personal data we collect. Firewalls, intrusion detection and virus scanners are used on all parts of the website. Encryption during transmission is also used on sections of the Website where security is particularly important.
While Barna Recycling makes reasonable efforts to protect all personal data, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Barna Recycling cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal data you transmit to us, you do so at your own risk.
Where we have given you login details which enables you to access certain parts of the website and other applications, you are responsible for keeping these details confidential.
Barna Recycling restrict access to your personal data to those employees who need to know that information to provide benefits or services to you. We also train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information.
Data storage and retention
Your personal data is stored by Barna Recycling on its servers, and on the servers of the cloud-based database management services Barna Recycling engages, located in the EEA.
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
Data Subject Rights
You have certain rights in relation to your personal data including:
the right to find out what personal data we hold on you and request access to it;
the right to have your personal data updated, amended or removed from our database;
the right to object to the use of your personal data or restrict access to it; and
the right to request that we send your personal data to a third party.
If you wish to access, update or delete the personal data we hold on file about you, please contact us by e-mail at
Privacy@BarnaRecycling.com
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Any changes to this Website Privacy Statement will be posted on this site so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any time we decide to use personal data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Website Privacy Statement, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email, and you will have a choice as to whether we use your information in the new manner.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact:
Address
: Barna Recycling, Carrowbrowne, Headford Road, Co. Galway H91 Y6V0
Telephone:
(091) 77 16 19
E-mail:
Privacy@BarnaRecycling.com
Happy August Bank Holiday!
Collections will go ahead as normal this
August Bank Holiday Monday
*Please leave your bins out the night  
before collection,
as collection times may differ due to weather 
conditions,
and other circumstances on any given day
CLOSE
Happy August Bank Holiday!
Collections will go ahead as normal this
August Bank Holiday Monday
*Please leave your bins out the night  
before collection,
as collection times may differ due to weather 
conditions,
and other circumstances on any given day
CLOSE
To Top