Privacy Policy
Last updated: 24. 05. 2018
Qlango d.o.o. operates www.qlango.com (“Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
1. GENERAL
At Qlango, we have prepared this privacy policy (our “Privacy Policy”) to explain how we collect, use and share your personal information. By using or accessing the Service, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Capitalized terms not defined here have the meanings set forth in the terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”), located at https://qlango.com/terms. We may update our Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we do this and the changes are material, we will post a notice that we have made changes to this Privacy Policy on the Website for at least 7 days after the changes are made, and we will indicate the date these terms were last revised at the bottom of the Privacy Policy. Any revisions to this Privacy Policy will become effective the earlier of (i) the end of that 7-day period or (ii) the first time you access or use the Service after any such changes.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you use Qlango you provide us with two types of information: (i) information you submit via the Service and (ii) information regarding your use of the Service collected.
When you use our mobile Application, we collect your device type, your device ID, and your IP address. In addition, we store certain information from your browser using “cookies.” A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. We use session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, you should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you certain features available on the Website (e.g., customized delivery of information).
Through the registration process you may provide us with your name, e-mail address, username, (encrypted) password and date of birth that may be requested during the registration process.
We however are legally obligated not to collect any personal information if you are less than 16 years old.
We store this information so that we can provide you the Service and offer personalized features, such as statistics.
We do not share your personal information with third-parties unless it is necessary to offer the Service or required by law.
3. USE OF INFORMATION OBTAINED BY Qlango
We may use your contact information to send you notifications regarding new services offered by Qlango that we think you may find valuable. Qlango may also send you service-related announcements from time to time through the general operation of the Service. Generally, you may opt out of such emails.
Profile information is used by Qlango to be presented back to and edited by you when you access the Service.
Qlango may use or share aggregate or anonymous data collected through the Service, including Activity Data, for purposes such as understanding or improving the service.
SHARING YOUR PERSONALLY-IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
Qlango shares your personally-identifiable information only when it is reasonably necessary to offer the Service, legally required, or permitted by you. For example:
(i) We may provide personally-identifiable information to service providers who help us bring you the Service, such as hosting the Service at a co-location facility or sending email updates. In connection with these operations, our service providers may have access to personally-identifiable information for a limited time. When we utilize service providers for processing any personally-identifiable information, we implement reasonable contractual protections limiting the use of that personally-identifiable information to the provision of services to Qlango.
(ii) We may be required to disclose personally-identifiable information in response to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. Additionally, we may share account or other personally-identifiable information when we believe it is necessary to comply with law, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Service or using the Qlango name, or to prevent imminent harm. This may include sharing personally-identifiable information with other companies, lawyers, agents or government agencies.
(iii) If the ownership of all or substantially all of the Qlango business, or individual business units or assets owned by Qlango that are related to the Service, were to change, your personally-identifiable information may be transferred to the new owner. In any such transfer of information, your personally-identifiable information would remain subject to this section.
4. UPDATING OR DELETING YOUR PERSONALLY-IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
You have at all times the right to update your account with Qlango in account settings. If you wish to delete your account, you can do that by sending us an e-mail to support@qlango.com. After your account is deleted we will retain aggregate or anonymous data collected through the Service, including Activity Data, which may be used by Qlango and shared with third parties in any manner.
5. LINKS
The Service may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage users to be aware when they leave the Service to read the privacy statements of other websites that collect personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by Qlango via the Service.
6. INFORMATION SECURITY
Qlango has implemented administrative and technical safeguards it believes are sufficient to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of your user id. However, we believe that a determined attacker with sufficient resources could defeat those safeguards and may, as a result, gain access to the information we seek to protect.
7. CONTACT US
To understand more about our Privacy Policy, access your information, or ask questions about our privacy practices or issue a complaint, please contact us at support@qlango.com.