Intertop Blog
Confidentiality Policy
Privacy policy
1.1. INTERTOP UKRAINE LLC respects the right of
intertop.com
website
            visitors and INTERTOP mobile application users to privacy and confidentiality and recognises the
            importance of protection of user information we collected.
1.2. This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the “Privacy Policy” or “Policy”) is a public
            document covering all personal data (PD) processed by INTERTOP UKRAINE LLC who is the Controller (Owner)
            of personal data.
1.3. This policy regulates the use of resources, services, capabilities of the intertop.com website,
            INTERTOP mobile application, as well as the use of information provided by you to INTERTOP UKRAINE LLC.
1.4. INTERTOP UKRAINE LLC will not collect, use, disclose or otherwise process your personal data other
            than as provided for in this Privacy Policy and applicable law.
1.5. By using the intertop.com website and the INTERTOP mobile application you agree to the terms and
            conditions of the Privacy Policy of INTERTOP UKRAINE LLC. This privacy policy is an integral part of the
            Public Offer located at
https://intertop.ua/offerta/
(if you are in Ukraine) and
https://intertop.kz/customers/offer/
(if you are in the
            Republic of Kazakhstan).
1.6. If any amendments to the terms hereof are made, this shall be announced in a clear,
            easy-to-understand form on the
intertop.com
website and in the INTERTOP mobile application, and such
            amendments shall take effect immediately upon publication on the website.
1.7. In this document, the following terms shall have the meaning as described below;
Personal data – information or a set of information about an individual who is identified or can be
            specifically identified.
Controller (Owner) of personal data – an individual or legal entity that determines the purpose of
            processing personal data, establishes the scope of such data and sets the procedures for personal data
            processing, unless otherwise provided by law;
Consent of a personal data subject – a voluntary expression of will by an individual (subject to his/her
            awareness) to grant his/her permission to process his/her personal data in accordance with the stated
            purpose of data processing, expressed in writing or in a different form that allows to conclude that
            consent has been granted;
Personal data Processing – any action or a cumulative action, such as collection, recording,
            accumulation, storage, adaptation, modification, updating, use and dissemination (distribution, sale,
            transfer), depersonalisation, destruction of personal data, including by use of information (automated)
            systems.
Personal data depersonalisation – removal of information that allows for the direct or indirect
            identification of a person;
Cookies – small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser and stored on the user’s
            device (computer, mobile phone etc) for user identification on the website in the future.
2. Third party websites
The
intertop.com
website and the INTERTOP mobile application may
            contain links to the websites of other retailers, brands and advertisers. Please note that this Privacy
            Policy does not apply to such websites. INTERTOP UKRAINE LLC is not responsible for their activities, so
            we recommend that you familiarise yourself with their privacy policies before submitting any personal
            data to those websites.
3. Method of information collection
3.1. INTERTOP UKRAINE LLC receives your PD when:
you enter information during registration on the
intertop.com
website and/or install the INTERTOP mobile application;
you provide data during communication on the INTERTOP hotline;
you provide information by filling in forms for participation in contests, promotion campaigns,
                surveys, provide feedback etc both online and by filling in questionnaires in INTERTOP retail
                stores..
3.2. We may receive your personal data from various third parties and public sources, including Apple,
            Google or Facebook. By logging in to our website or INTERTOP mobile application using Apple, Google or
            Facebook or by linking your INTERTOP account to your Apple, Google or Facebook account, you consent to
            the processing of your personal data specified in these accounts. The type of information provided will
            depend on the settings of your account or website and is governed by the privacy policy of these sites.
4. List of data
4.1. The following data is required:
name, patronymic, surname;
e-mail and/or mobile phone number.
4.2. Additional data:
date of birth;
residential address;
marital status;
have kids (y/n);
style preferences;
interested in a particular product;
orders placed and purchases made;
feedback and suggestions.
4.3. We also collect and process information from the technical means through which you contact us:
            cookie file data, information received in requests, questions, comments and feedback, geographical
            location, information about the technical means themselves (device type, operating system, browser
            name).
4.4. Entering additional data in the questionnaire will allow us to inform loyalty program participants
            about unique offers based on specified preferences, create personalised promotion campaigns that provide
            for crediting extra bonuses to participant’s bonus card account.
5. Purpose of data collection and processing
5.1. We will collect and process your personal data only to the extent necessary to provide the services
            we offer and/or for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.
            We may also process your personal data based on any legitimate interests and in order to comply with
            legal obligations. These interests and obligations may include bringing or defending legal claims,
            complying with the orders of any court or body of power, and disclosing information to a governmental or
            regulatory body.
We may rely on the following legal bases in processing your personal data:
Your consent.
We may process your personal data subject to your consent to the
                processing of your personal data, which you have provided;
Performance of the contract.
We may process your personal data if we need to fulfil
                our contractual
                obligations to you, including the provision of our services, including placing and processing of
                product orders;
Legitimate interests.
We may process your personal data if we believe that it is
                necessary for the
                achievement of our legitimate business interests and these interests do not prevail over your
                interests and fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, we may process your personal data for
                some of the purposes described below:
Providing consumers with up-to-date product information, special offers and promotion campaigns of
                INTERTOP UKRAINE LLC and its partners;
Developing and displaying personalised and relevant advertising content for our users;
Assessing and improving the quality of customer service for customers/users of the INTERTOP website
                and mobile application;
Assessing and improving the quality of customer service for customers/users of the INTERTOP website
                and mobile application;
Giving you access to the services provided for registered users, such as wish lists and
                notifications of product arrival;
improving the effectiveness of content;
Giving consumers up-to-date information about new models of products presented on the intertop.ua
                website, promotion campaigns conducted by manufacturers and/or sellers of such goods;
Providing assistance via the customer support service;
сonducting market research, studying consumer demand;
Ensuring the implementation of civil law relations, economic and tax relations, requirements for
                accounting/reporting, and exercising of functions, powers and duties assigned to INTERTOP UKRAINE
                LLC in accordance with applicable law;
Diagnosing problems and/or preventing fraud.
6. Information Storage Duration
6.1. INTERTOP UKRAINE LLC does not transfer data provided by you to third parties except as described in
            this Policy.
INTERTOP UKRAINE LLC has the right to provide access to and transfer your personal data to third parties
            without any additional notifications to achieve the data processing purpose specified in this Policy.
In order to achieve the purpose of data collection provided for in this Policy, INTERTOP UKRAINE LLC
            transfers your personal data to companies that are subject to the requirements of this Policy or follow
            no less strict rules for the personal data protection than the rules described in this Policy.
6.1.1. Transactions involving third parties.
If we provide you with products and services provided by third parties, in particular, if you purchase
            products from third-party sellers through our website intertop.com or the INTERTOP mobile application,
            such third parties will receive information about your personal data to the extent necessary for your
            identification, processing and fulfilment of your order.
6.1.2. Third parties providing services to us.
We enter into agreements with third parties to fulfil our obligations to you and to exercise our
            legitimate rights and interests. In particular, in the case of fulfilment of orders for services,
            courier delivery services for the delivery of goods, correspondence, sending e-mail, processing
            payments, data analysis, providing marketing support, transferring content, etc. Third parties providing
            services to us are entitled to use personal data they receive only to perform their functions and may
            not use it for other purposes.
6.1.3. In case of fulfilment of legal requirements.
In case of need to cooperate with regulatory authorities and/or law enforcement agencies or conduct
            legal proceedings.
            Sometimes, we may be required to provide access to your personal data to regulatory authorities and/or
            law enforcement agencies. If we consider such actions to be reasonable, we reserve the right to provide
            information about personal data in a manner consistent with applicable law.
6.2. INTERTOP UKRAINE LLC may transfer personal data across borders to recipients in other countries
            where personal data protection laws may establish a different level of protection than the laws of your
            country. Transfer of information about personal data is carried out in accordance with the requirements
            of this Policy and in accordance with the applicable personal data protection laws.
7. Data storage period
7.1. Data provided by you is stored in accordance with the applicable law only as long as storage is
            reasonable or required to achieve the purpose stated in this Privacy Policy and in accordance with
            statutory requirements (e.g., to provide you with our services or to meet any legal, accounting or
            reporting requirements). In any event, data shall not be stored for more than 10 years from the date of
            termination or completion of services, unless a longer period is required by applicable law.
8. Your rights
8.1. You have the right to:
know what data we process, how we obtain it, and how we use it;
request to update and/or supplement data about you;
request correction of any errors in your personal data we store;
request depersonalisation of your data
restrict the processing of your data;
request a copy of your personal data we store (and we will provide this to you free of charge once
                we have verified your identity);
receive a copy of some or all of your personal data;
withdraw consent to the processing of your personal data;
request the removal of your personal data from our systems (after receiving and considering your
                request, we will be obliged to stop processing and remove your personal data if the only basis for
                processing is your consent and if there are no other legal bases for the processing).
8.2. In some cases, we may not be able to remove some of your personal data when we are obliged to store
            information in accordance with the law or to continue fulfilling your order or for other purposes in
            accordance with the terms of this Policy. You can change or update your personal data online by changing
            the data you previously entered in forms or data fields on our website or in our mobile application.
            Where required by law or our Privacy Policy, in cross-border data transfers the possibility to access
            and correct your personal data may be limited, if access and correction:
prevent us from fulfilling our legal obligations;
prevent us from investigating, bringing lawsuit or filing an appeal;
lead to the disclosure of personal data of a third party;
lead to a breach of contract or disclosure of confidential information owned by us or a third
                party.
8.3. If you gave your consent to the use of your personal data for newsletters*, you can withdraw your
            consent at any time by calling the hotline or by clicking “unsubscribe” in the email newsletter or by
            unsubscribing from text messages**.
* newsletters include electronic and postal mailings with advertising information about products,
            special offers, promotion campaigns, events organised by INTERTOP UKRAINE LLC.
** You may receive a small number of additional messages immediately after unsubscribing, but we will
            fulfil your request as soon as possible.
8.4. In order to use any of the abovementioned rights, you may:
a) if you are in Ukraine:
log in to your account and contact our customer support team at
office@intertop.ua
;
contact the hotline by the following phone number:
0 800 30-99-19
;
send a request letter to:
INTERTOP UKRAINE LLC, 23 Peremohy ave.
b) if you are in the Republic of Kazakhstan
log in to your account and contact our customer support team at
support@intertop.kz
;
contact the hotline by the following phone number:
+7 727 338 20 28
;
send a request letter to:
050022, INTERTOP TSENTRAL’NAJA AZIJA LLP, Republic of Kazakhstan,
                Almaty, 90 Shevchenko str., office 91.
8.5. To avoid violations and illegal use of your personal data by third parties, we may ask you to
            confirm your identity before fulfilling your request.
9. Information Storage Duration
9.1. To ensure the protection of personal data, we follow international standards and employ best
            practices in the information security industry, including physical, administrative, technical and
            organisational measures.
9.2. Our task is to ensure confidentiality, integrity, availability and controllability of personal data
            processing. At the stage of introducing new (and operating the existing) services, we use modern
            security methods and technologies to prevent unauthorised access to personal data (software and hardware
            to detect and prevent data breach, intelligent systems for detecting unauthorised access, reliable
            encryption for data storage and transmission, control of physical and technical access to data).
9.3. At the interval set by the company’s internal rules, we check the level of security of our services
            and infrastructure and ensure constant protection against malware and modern cyber threats.
9.4. We also have measures in place to prevent any sudden loss of stored data and to timely recover data
            in the event of a physical or technical failure. We constantly monitor security and periodically
            evaluate the effectiveness of security measures and implement necessary improvements. We also require
            data processors to implement appropriate measures to protect against unauthorised access and maintain
            data confidentiality.
9.5. In addition, we enter into contractual confidentiality obligations with our employees and
            contractors who will be fined for breach of such obligations.
10. Use of cookie files
10.1. Like many other websites, the
intertop.com
resource uses cookie technology which helps customise
            its work with you. In particular, without this technology it is impossible to work with the shopping
            cart. These cookies are necessary for the technically correct operation of the website and the mobile
            application.
10.2. Сookies are very small files that are sent by us to your computer or other device which we can
            access when you visit our website. This technology allows the website to access stored information if
            necessary and improve the convenience of working with our information resources. You can always change
            your browser settings yourself and thus refuse from storing cookies.
10.3. Our website may use plug-ins for social networks such as Apple, Google or Facebook. The content of
            such social media plug-ins is regulated by the policies published directly on the social media pages.
            When you visit our website with open access to your social network page, your browser establishes a
            direct connection with the social network servers. If you are not logged in to a social network, your
            browser will send limited information to the social network. Social media plug-ins on our website are
            regulated by the Privacy Policy and other policies and regulations of the respective websites.
11. Warning for persons under 16
11.1. Persons under 16 have the right to enter into transactions (including the purchase of products by
            providing their personal data) only with the permission of their parents/guardians in accordance with
            the established procedure, unless otherwise provided by applicable law. The transfer of personal data by
            such person will be considered by us as the consent of the parents/guardians and person’s eligibility to
            enter into transactions.
12. Complaints
12.1. INTERTOP UKRAINE LLC does its best to promptly process any questions or requests related to the
            methods of processing your personal data.
            You can contact our personal data protection officer at
office@intertop.ua
or use the contact details specified in the “Contact us” section, and we will make every effort to
            resolve any issue or concern you may have.
            You also have the right to file a formal complaint with your local supervisory authority responsible for
            personal data protection.
13. Contact information
13.1. To contact us for issues related to this Privacy Policy, please use the following means of
            communication:
a) if you are in Ukraine:
e-mail:
office@intertop.ua
hotline:
0800 30-99-19
mailing address for correspondence:
23 Peremohy ave. Kyiv, 03055, Ukraine.
b) if you are in the Republic of Kazakhstan:
e-mail:
support@intertop.kz
hotline:
+7 /727/ 338 20 28
mailing address for correspondence:
90 Shevchenko st., office. 91, Almaty, 050022, Republic of
                Kazakhstan