Privacy Policy
IFI is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This Privacy Policy explains how we use the information we collect about you, how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information and procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to help efficiently administer our business and the services we provide to you in accordance with the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003. We take privacy seriously and endeavour to be as open as possible in terms of how your information is used.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
IFI Archive Player
If you use the IFI
Archive
Player ,we may collect and use details regarding your usage (e.g. what content was viewed and duration of the session session) to generate statistical reports, such as to see what content is popular or to look at ways to improve our service.  When you opt-in to hear more about the IFI
Archive
Player, we may also use this information to send you IFI
Archive
Player e-newsletters, promotional announcements, surveys and other information.  We may also verify the location of your device while you are using the Player or country of your usage.
External web sites
The website links to a number of external websites and then to the Internet and you acknowledge that your access of such websites will be subject to the relevant third party’s terms and conditions and that any information you provide to such third parties is subject to its own privacy policy. IFI has no control over how such information is used and, as such, any course of action you have regarding any alleged misuse of such information must be against the relevant third party. You acknowledge that the same information may be provided by you to both that third party and IFI, but only when specifically provided to IFI is it subject to this Privacy Policy.
What about “cookies”?
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer. Our cookies contain information that we can use to identify you and allow us to efficiently operate the Login service. The information stored within the cookie is encoded and restricted so only IFI and its agents are allowed access. You are always free to decline our cookies, if your browser permits, or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your ease of use of this website.
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer. Our cookies contain information that we can use to identify you and allow us to efficiently operate the Login service. The information stored within the cookie is encoded and restricted so only IFI and its agents are allowed access. You are always free to decline our cookies, if your browser permits, or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your ease of use of this website.
Cookie name
Cookie value
_ga
google analytics
cactus-retina
This cookie indicates that you agree to the use of cookies on our sites
gadwp_wg_default_swmetric
Used to collect visitor statistics for Google Analytics
gadwp_wg_default_dimension
Google Analytics analytical cookie have a duration of 1 week
PHPSESSID
To store a simple message when a form is submitted that can be displayed on a different page
wordpress_test_cookie
A session cookie, deleted when you close your web browser
gadwp_wg_default_metric
This is used by Google Analytics Dashboard for WordPress to view Google analytics in WordPress, 1 year
_gid
_gid is used to distinguish users and has an expiration of 24-hours
_gat
_gat is used to throttle requests and has an expiration of 10-minutes
Sale of business
In the event that our business is sold or integrated with another business your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers’ advisers and will be passed on to the new owners of the business.
Your consent
By using our on-line booking service or by using Login and submitting your information you consent to the collection and use of that information by IFI as set out in this Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. We will also e-mail to inform you of any changes. Continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such changes.
Updating, Verifying and Deleting Personal Data
You may inform us of any changes in your personal data, and in accordance with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 we will update or delete your personal data accordingly. You can also update your own information by logging onto the website using your username and password.