Privacy Policy
Updated: July
18
, 2022
Effective Date: July
25
, 2022
Chengdu Meross Technology Co., Ltd. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “Meross”, “we”, “us” or “our”) are committed to protecting your privacy and we take your privacy seriously. This Private Policy covers why, what, and how we collect, store, use, share, transfer and otherwise process Personal Data of any website visitors, consumer customers, application users, and other individuals who use our services and interact with us (collectively, "you", "yourself" or "your"). We ask you to read this Private Policy before your use of our website(s), products, services, mobile applications, IoT plugins, and other software (collectively, the “Services”). In this Privacy Policy, you will also find how to exercise your rights to access, update and delete your Personal Data as well as how to grant and withdraw the consent to marketing subscriptions.
By using or accessing our Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept and consent to the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.
Remember that your use of our Services is at all times subject to the
Terms of Use
, which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in this Private Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the
Terms of Use
.
If you are in the Europe Economic Area (“EEA”), for the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 ("GDPR"), the data controller is Meross. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us at
privacy@meross.com
.
What does this privacy policy cover?
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Data") that we gather when you are accessing or using our Services, but not to the practices of companies we don't own or control, or people that we don't manage. All posts, replies, nicknames, and avatars in our Forum will be regarded as public information, not Personal Data, and please do NOT share your Personal Data in the Forum since all users in the community will be able to access your posts, replies, nicknames, avatars without any limitation. Hence these information will not be covered by this Privacy Policy. Please read Code of Conduct before you use Forum.
Children’s privacy policy
As noted in the
Terms of Use
, we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any Personal Data of yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected Personal Data from a child under the age of 16 inadvertently, we will delete that Personal Data in our system promptly. If you believe that a child under 16 may have provided us with Personal Data, please contact us at
privacy@meross.com
.
Why do we collect information?
We gather various types of Personal Data from our users, as explained in more detail below. We do so because it is necessary to perform contractual obligations that we owe to you and for our legitimate interests to provide products and services, maintain our relationship with you, and protect our business. If you choose not to provide us with the Personal Data we need to provide you with a product or service, we will not be able to provide it. We use this Personal Data in connection with our Services, including:
1. to allow you to set up a user account, profile, and to set up our products;
2. to allow you to post ratings and reviews of various products and services via email or Meross app;
3. to provide the basic functionality of our products and services;
4. to personalize and improve our services;
5. to contact you, inform you of updates, and reply to your feedback and help requests;
6. to fulfill your requests, including but not limited to data inquiries, for certain products and services;
7. to allow you to subscribe to marketing information and promotion notices from us;
8. to allow you to apply for a giveaway or promotion or become a beta tester;
9. to allow you to submit inquiries to us;
10. to do internal data analysis to help us understand how our Services are used;
11. to ensure the security of your data;
12. to comply with the law and other standards under certain requests from judicial processes or governmental agencies having or claiming jurisdiction over Meross or its affiliates.
The Personal Data that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your Personal Data.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
Information you provide to us
We collect and store any information you knowingly provide to us. For example, through the registration process and/or through your account settings, we may collect Personal Data such as your email address, password, user name, birthday you set, location including geo-fence, Country/Region code you set and time zone, social media url, group and device names, device location names, device or group images you upload, App names, App configuration details, information in e-mail or message you send to us. We may collect your business contact details in order to provide services at a business level. we may collect your interests or hobbies via your user activity when you interact with us or our Service so that we can understand you better and provide better services to you. Certain information may be required to register or use some of our features.
For Personal Data you provide to us via Meross app with your affirmative consent in your operation system of your mobile device, we list them below so that you can learn the details.
Identifiers
This includes Personal Data such as Email, user name, password, UID and device information. This also includes other information that potentially could be used to identify you, such as the names and images that you associate with account users, your locations, devices, scenes, device configuration details, demographic information.
Location
Meross app need your precise location to scan the nearby devices during setup process. Both precise location and approximate location will work for schedules you set, if any. Meross app also use this location to ensure the app functionality such as device time, weather service, local Routine execution, and local control.
Photos and videos
Meross will only ask for your permission to access photos and videos when you try to upload photos for your device icon or your Forum avatar.
Storage
This is essential for Meross app to perform by reading and writing data, such as cache and logs.
Camera
This is needed when you try to take pictures and upload them to the Meross app.
Notification
This is needed when you use devices with alert functions, such as alerts from the garage door openers, sensors and thermostats. We also notice you information you need in Forum and Hot Deal sections of Meross app.
Bluetooth
You can enable Bluetooth functions after turning on the permission, including controlling the Meross devices, acquiring status, discovering and configuring Meross devices. In these functions, we will communicate with Meross devices via Bluetooth in these scenarios: display device status on the home page, perform device control on the home page, discover Meross devices on the home page and add Meross devices.
Local Network
As Meross devices can be controlled locally just like Homekit control. We need this permission to discover local devices and conduct basic device control commands.
HomeKit(for iOS only)
You can enable related functions after enabling HomeKit permissions, including discovering Meross devices, enabling device network configuration, controlling Meross devices, and checking device status. Among these functions, we will process data with the "Home“ App that comes with the iOS system through HomeKit in these scenarios: discovering HomeKit devices on the home page, HomeKit device network configuration and control.
Information collected automatically
Whenever you interact with our Services (whether via a mobile application, our IoT plugin, third-party service, App, browser, or other application, connecting a physical device to our services, connecting a third-party service to our services, or otherwise), we may automatically collect and store information on our servers, logs, and databases from your browser, application, services or device(s). In particular, our Services are designed to allow you to connect various physical devices (e.g., the Meross Smart Plug, Smart Bulb, Smart Switch, etc.) to the Services. While connected to the Services, these devices automatically report information to our servers (including information that you may have provided when setting up or configuring that device), which may include Personal Data. Such as device name, device location, model number, firmware version, hardware version, chipset model, UUID, UID, activation time, online time, drop-off records, reconnect records, app open frequency, crash logs, and settings parameters.
Other information collected automatically through the foregoing means may include your IP address, MAC address, location details, "cookie" information, device type, unique device identifiers, advertising identifiers, mobile device, operating system, the type of browser, demographic information, application and/or device(s) you're using to access our Services, click-through paths, the identity of the page or feature you are requesting or interacting with, time on page, and other indicators of how you are interacting with the Services. "Cookies" are identifiers we transfer to your device that allow us to recognize your browser, application or device and tell us how and when various pages and features in our Services are visited or used and by how many people.
You may be able to change the preferences on your browser, application or device to prevent or limit your device's acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features. Also, please note that our systems do not currently recognize or respond to browser "Do Not Track" signals.
Information collected from third parties
If you use our Services with third-party account credentials (for example, when you use our IoT plugin service, your log-in credentials for Facebook, Google or other third-party sites).  We may collect Personal Data from them. Any Personal Data that we collect from your third-party account may depend on your third-party account’s privacy settings.
For social media, information such as your name, email address, and gender, age might be collected.  If you provide your third-party account credentials to us, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts ("Third-Party Account Information") may be transmitted into your account of Meross. If you authorize such transmissions, and that Third-Party Account Information transmitted to our Services is covered by this Privacy Policy; for example, avatars, profile information, images, friends and other authorized information.
For online stores and retail stores, if you purchase our Services and review our Services, you understand that we might collect information such as your purchase, your feedback and reviews. Such information is covered by this Privacy Policy.
We only collect information from third parties where we have checked that these third parties either have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your Personal Data to us.
How do we process and use information?
Collecting information described above enables us to better understand you who use our Services and what content and/or feature(s) is relevant and of interest to you. We also collect information to provide you with the appropriate upgrade(s) and support and to improve our Services.
We may anonymize your Personal Data so that you cannot be individually identified, and provide that information to our partners or use that information for marketing or promotional items (“aggregate information”). We may also provide aggregate information to our partners who may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Services. However, except as described below, we do not disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally, as an individual.
We may share information to organizations below or for purposes below:
Advertisers
We may allow advertisers and/or merchant partners ("Advertisers") to choose the users who will see their advertisements and/or promotional offers. You agree that we may provide any of the aggregate information we have collected from you in non-personally identifiable form to an Advertiser, in order for that Advertiser to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements and/or offers (“Targeted Advertising”). For example, we might use the fact you are located in San Francisco to show you ads or offers for San Francisco businesses, but we will not tell such businesses who you are.
To learn about your options regarding cookies and other technologies, as well as how to opt-out of Targeted Advertising, scroll down to - Your rights and choices.
Partners, Affiliated Businesses
In certain situations, partners, businesses we're affiliated with ("Affiliated Businesses") may sell items or provide services to you through the Services (either alone or jointly with us), including reselling or providing Meross devices free of charge, providing third-party devices, or delivering unique or custom Apps. You can recognize when an Affiliated Business is associated with such a transaction or service based on the presence of their brand or a transaction you are conducting directly with that Affiliated Business. We will share your Personal Data with that Affiliated Business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service, and to the extent that you have explicitly accepted incremental terms with that Affiliated Business whereby you acknowledge and authorize us to share your Personal Data. These incremental terms may be presented as part of promotional offers (either on the Affiliated Businesses' site or on Meross-branded properties including our commerce site at shop.meross.com, or within customized setup steps that appear in the Services. We have no control over the policies and practices of Affiliated Businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an Affiliated Business, please review all such business' or websites' policies. If you decide you no longer want to share Personal Data with an Affiliated Business, you may no longer be entitled to receive certain benefits from the Affiliated Business or have access to the Services without establishing a new account or relationship with Meross.
Agents
We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide our products or services to you. Unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Data we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us as identified in this Privacy Policy.
Business Transfers
We may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that would be transferred. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Data would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Protection of Meross and Others
We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we reasonably believe is necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Meross, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Third-party services
Our Services may contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties. If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be taken to websites we do not control. Any information you provide on third-party sites or services may be provided directly to the operators of such services and is subject to those operators’ policies, if any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through us. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that website. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third-party sites or services to which links or access are provided through our Services.
In addition, our third-party partners, including advertising partners (discussed below), may use web beacons, or transmit cookies and read cookies from your browser, application or device when you visit or use our Services (including, without limitation, to collect information in connection with the Google Trusted Stores program or Google Demographics and Interests). This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third party. Please make sure you understand private policy of such third party. To learn about what other options you have, scroll down to - What choices do I have?
Is Personal Data about me secure?
Your account is protected by a password or a PIN number for your privacy and security. If you access your account via a third-party site or service, you may have additional or different sign-on protections via that third-party site or service. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Data by selecting and protecting your password, PIN number and/or other sign-on mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser or application by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Data we hold in our records, but we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. We will ensure to report to regulator and inform you within 72 hours once we know this happens under the regulation of GDPR.
Data transfer
We are transnational enterprises.  We may transfer your Personal Data to recipients in countries other than your country. These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your Personal Data to other countries, we will still protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy.  By using our Services or providing any Personal Data, where applicable law permits, you agree to the transfers, processing, and storage of your Personal Data outside of your country of residence.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, ("EEA"), we comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate safeguards for the transfer of Personal Data to countries other than the country where you are located. In particular, we use contractual protections for the transfer of Personal Data to third parties, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses.
Retention of Personal Data
We will only retain your Personal Data to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, as required for legitimate business purposes as described in this Privacy Policy, or otherwise permitted by law. When we no longer need to use Personal Data or when you request its deletion, we will remove it from our systems and records and/or take steps to anonymize it so that you can no longer be identified from it.
To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data, the purposes for which we process your Personal Data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Your rights and choices
Personal Data you can access
Through your account and Service settings, you may be able to request to access, and, in some cases, edit or delete the following information you’ve provided to us, which may include:
1. User name and password/PIN
2. Email address
3. Location, group, and device information
4. User profile information
5. App information
The information you can view, update, and delete may change as the Services change. If you have any questions about viewing, updating, or deleting information we have on file about you, please contact us at
privacy@meross.com
.
Choices you have
Marketing emails
: Any time you decide not to receive marketing information from us, you can indicate your preference by clicking “unsubscribe” or “update subscription preferences” service-level communications that we deem critical to your use of the Services. Please note that if you unsubscribe from our email, you won’t be able to receive any promotions or other marketing information until you subscribe again. You can also grant and withdraw your consent to receive marketing emails in Meross app > User >Subscribe marketing email.
Cookies
: If you want to stop accepting the use of certain cookies, the “help” feature of most browsers will help you disable existing cookies and stop receiving future cookies.
Communication Emails
: Any time you decide not to receive any communications from us, you can indicate your preference by clicking 'unsubscribe from this list or 'update subscription preference sat the bottom of the email you received. Please note that if you unsubscribe from our email, you won’t be able to receive any updates and feedback of you questions or other communication information until you subscribe again.
Services
: You can always opt not to disclose information to use, but keep in mind that some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some of our special features or the Services in any form.
You may be able to request to add, update, or delete Personal Data in Meross app by going to User > Account. When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. You may also request deletion of your account by emailing us at
privacy@meross.com
. Please note that some information may remain in our records after your deletion in order to meet specific business and regulation needs and/or comply with retention requirements of such information from your account. We may use any anonymized or aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Data after you request to update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally.
Please note
that if you grant any permission, when you use Meross app, you authorize us to collect and use relevant Personal Data to provide you with corresponding Services. Once you disable any permission, we will take it as a cancellation of the authorization, and we will no longer continue to collect Personal Data based on the corresponding permissions, and the related functions may be terminated. However, your decision to withdraw the permission will not affect previous collection and use of data based on your previous authorization. You can request to delete your Personal Data introduced as above.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Data which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. You may also ask us to refrain from sharing your Personal Data with third parties for their marketing purposes if you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice or wish to request that we refrain from sharing your information with third parties for their marketing purposes, please submit a written request to:
Meross Technology Co., Ltd.
Floor 3, Building A5, ShiJiCheng Road No. 1129, Gaoxin, Free Trade Trial Zone, Chengdu, China.
Update and change this Privacy Policy
We're constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well. we will post the revised version here, with an updated revision date. We recommend that you visit these pages periodically to be aware of and review any such revisions. Also, we will alert you of the changes by placing a notice on the Services and/or by sending you an email, unless we do not have your email address. Such notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are responsible for reading and understanding them. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Services after such changes have been posted. The use of the information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please send us a detailed message at
privacy@meross.com
, and we will try to resolve your concerns.
発効日：20
22
年
12
月2
7
日
我々メロスがお客様はご自身の個人情報の使用と共有されることに懸念するには共感しており、お客様の個人情報を大切に保護すします。当社のウェブサイト、製品、サービス、モバイルアプリケーション、IoTプラグインおよび他のソフトウェア（総称して「サービス」）使用のプライバシーポリシーと使用方法を詳細にお読みください。いかなる方法でも本サービスを使用またはアクセスすることにより、このプライバシーポリシーに同意することを認め、以下の方法でお客様の情報を収集し、使用し、共有することに同意したことになります。
メロスの使用は、プライバシーポリシーを含む利用規約に従ってください。ポリシーで使用するすべての用語は、ポリシーで定義しない限り、使用規約で定義を与えられます
プライバシーポリシーの範囲は何ですか？
プライバシーポリシーは、お客様が当社のサービスを訪問し、使用する時に収集する個人識別可能な情報（「個人情報」）の取り扱いを含みますが、当社が所有または管理していないか、管理していない企業の行為は含まれません。当社は、以下に詳細に説明するように、ユーザーからさまざまな種類の個人情報を収集します。これらの個人情報は、サービスの基本的な機能、サービスのパーソナライズおよび改善などを含むサービスと組み合わせて、ユーザーアカウント、さまざまな製品やサービスの評価やレビューを投稿し、お客様に連絡して他のユーザーがお客様に連絡して特定の製品やサービスの条件を満たし、サービスの使用方法を分析できるようにする個人情報。特定のケースでは、個人情報を第三者と共有することもありますが、以下のようにのみできます。
利用規約のように、メロスは意図的に13歳未満の子供の個人情報を募集しません。13歳未満の子供は、サービスに登録し、自分に関する個人情報を送信しないでください。13歳未満の子供から個人情報を収集したことが判明した場合、できるだけ早くその情報を削除します。13歳未満の子供が個人情報を提供していると思われる場合は、support@meross.comまでご連絡ください。
メロスはプライバシーポリシーを変更しますか？
常にサービスを改善しようを目指しているため、プライバシーポリシーを時々変更する必要があるが、サービスに通知したりして、電子メールを送信して変更を知らせます。そのような通知は引き続きお客様の本サービスの使用に適用され、お客様はそれらを読んで理解する責任があります。お客様は、そのような変更が掲載された後にサービスを使用する際に、プライバシーポリシーの変更に拘束されます。収集した情報の使用は、そのような情報が使用された時に有効なプライバシーポリシーの対象となります。
メロスはどのような情報を収集しますか？
ご客様が提供した情報
ご客様が故意に提供した情報を受け取り、保管します。たとえば、登録プロセスやアカウント設定を通じて、お客様の氏名、メールアドレス、配送先住所、請求先住所、電話番号、クレジットカードの詳細、地域名、ジオフェンスを含む場所などの個人情報を収集することがあります。グループ名やデバイス名、デバイスの場所名、デバイスやグループのイメージ、アプリ名、アプリ設定の詳細、サードパーティアカウントの資格情報（たとえば、IoTプラグインサービスを使用する場合、Facebookや他のサードパーティのログイン資格サイト）。第三者のアカウント証明書を当社に提供する場合、そのような送信を許可した場合、これらのアカウントの一部のコンテンツおよび/または情報（「第三者アカウント情報」）がお客様のアカウントに送信され、その第三者アカウント当社サービスに送信される情報は、このプライバシーポリシーの対象となります。例えば、アバター、プロフィール情報、画像、友人及び他の認可された情報を含む。私たちに登録したり、当社の機能の一部を利用するには、特定の情報が必要となる場合があります。
お客様に連絡する方法をメロスに提供した場合、メロスはお客様と連絡するためにそのような手段を使用するかもしれません。たとえば、サービス、情報更新、アンケートまたはプロモーションオファー（お客様自身のために、または他のビジネスのために）に関するアップデートをお送りする場合や、サービスの使用についてお客様と連絡を取る場合があります。また、お送りいただいたメールの最後にあなたが確認を受け取ることがあります。メロスからの特定のメッセージをオプトアウトすることができない場合がありますのでご注意ください。この確認は、お客様とのコミュニケーションをより面白くし、サービスを改善するのに役立ちます。いつでも、メロスからの宣伝用の連絡を受けたくないと判断した場合は、「このリストからの退会」または「更新プログラムの購読の設定」のサービスレベルの連絡をクリックして、 サービス。
情報は自動的に収集されます
メロスのサービス（モバイルアプリケーション、IoTプラグイン、サードパーティサービス、アプリケーション、ブラウザ、その他のアプリケーション、物理デバイスのサービスへの接続、サードパーティサービスのサービスへの接続などを問わず）と対話するたびに、お客様のブラウザ、アプリケーション、サービスまたはデバイスからサーバー、ログ、データベースに関する情報を自動的に受信して記録します。特に、サービスは、さまざまな物理デバイス（メロススマートプラグ、関連するメロスおよび第三者のセンサーなど）をサービスに接続できるように設計されています。サービスに接続されている間、これらのデバイスは、個人情報を含む可能性のある情報をサーバーに自動的に報告します（お客様のデバイスの設定または設定時に提供された情報を含みます）。たとえば、温度センサーをサービスに接続すると、そのセンサーからの温度情報が、そのセンサーに関連付けるように選択した識別情報（たとえば、デバイス名、グループ名、およびサービス内のセンサーに割り当てたロケーション名）。各デバイスから収集される情報の種類は、デバイスの種類によって異なります。
さらに、ビデオやオーディオ録画デバイスをビデオカメラなどのサービスに接続し、サービスを介してこれらのデバイスのストリーミングまたは録音を有効にすると、これらのデバイスからのビデオまたはオーディオデータをこのデバイスに転送して保存することができます サービスを提供し、構成とセットアップの対象となります。 当社は、このビデオおよびオーディオ情報を取得、処理、分析してサービスを提供することができます（例えば、行動やその他の活動の検出、通知の提供、保存されたオーディオ/ビデオクリップへのアクセスの提供など）。サービスを介して特定のデバイスにビデオ/オーディオストレージまたは録画サービスを有効にしない場合、メロスはそのデバイスからストリーミングされたビデオ/オーディオ情報を保存しません。
前述の手段で自動的に収集されるその他の情報には、アクセスするために使用しているIPアドレス、場所の詳細、「クッキー」情報、モバイルデバイス、オペレーティングシステム、ブラウザのタイプ、人口統計情報、アプリケーションおよび/またはデバイスが含まれますサービス、クリックスルーパス、要求または対話しているページまたは機能のID、機能のページ上の時間、およびサービスとのやりとりの他の指標が含まれます。 「Cookie」とは、お客様のブラウザ、アプリケーション、またはデバイスを認識し、サービスのさまざまなページや機能をいつ、どのように訪問し、いつ、どのくらいの人数で利用できるかを私たちに知らせるためにデバイスに転送する識別子です。ブラウザ、アプリケーション、またはデバイスの設定を変更して、デバイスがクッキーを受け入れることを防止または制限することができますが、一部の機能を利用できなくなる可能性があります。さらに、広告パートナー（下記参照）を含む当社の第三者パートナーは、当社のサービスを訪問または使用する際にウェブビーコンを使用したり、ブラウザ、アプリケーションまたはデバイスへのクッキーを送信したり、クッキーを読み取ったりすることがありますGoogle認定ショッププログラムまたはGoogleのユーザー属性とインタレストに関連して情報を収集する）。また、第三者のウェブサイトやサービスへのリンクをクリックすると、そのような第三者があなたにクッキーを送信することもあります。再度、このプライバシーポリシーは、第三者によるクッキーの使用には適用されません。また、現在のところ、当社のシステムはブラウザの「追跡しない」信号を認識したり応答したりしていないことに注意してください。他にどのようなオプションがあるのかを知るには、何がありますか？
メロスは受け取った個人情報を共有しますか？
メロスは、セクションに記載されているように、お客様の個人情報を第三者と共有します：
個人識別ができなくなった集約個人情報。
当社は、お客様の個人情報を匿名で特定することができないため、その情報をパートナーに提供したり、その情報をマーケティングやプロモーションアイテム（「集約情報」）として使用することがあります。 当社は、当社のサービスを使用する頻度および方法を理解するために、かかる情報を使用する可能性のあるパートナーに総合的な情報を提供する場合があります。 ただし、以下に記載されている場合を除き、個人として個人的に識別する方法で、集約情報をパートナーに開示することはありません。
広告主
：広告主や販売パートナー（「広告主」）は、広告や宣伝を表示する相手を選択することができます。あなたはこれらの広告および/またはプロモーション（「ターゲット広告」）のために広告主が適切なユーザーを選択するので、我々は、広告主に私たちはあなた個人を特定できない形で収集した情報の要約を提供できることに同意するものとします。たとえば、サンフランシスコの企業からの広告やオファーを表示するために、サンフランシスコであなたの情報を使用することがありますが、その企業が誰であるかはわかりません。あなたが（下記参照）私たちのターゲット広告機能をオプトアウトしていない場合は、上記に加えて、あなたはあなたに向け、」（私たちは、特定のターゲットを絞った広告やプロモーションを提供するために、広告主とあなたの個人情報を共有することに同意します広告 "）。たとえば、Googleのサービスに接続した湿度センサーを広告主と共有して、洪水を検出してローカルパイプラインサービスの広告や見積もりを表示することがあります。デフォルトでユーザーのターゲットを絞った広告を有効にした場合は、個人設定を変更していつでもターゲット設定された広告を無効にすることができます。
当社はネットワーク上のサービス（ウェブサイトビーコンと呼ばれる）を通じてファイルを送信する場合があります。ウェブビーコンは、広告ネットワークが匿名で集計された監査、調査、および報告を当社および広告主に提供することを可能にする。ウェブビーコンはまた、他のサイトにアクセスしたときに、広告ネットワークがターゲット広告を提供することを可能にする。 Webブラウザは、広告ネットワークのサーバーからこれらの広告やウェブビーコンを要求しなければならないため、これらの企業は、あなたがそのウェブサイトからページを要求すると同じように、表示、編集、または自分のクッキーを設定することができます。
クッキーやその他のテクノロジーに関するオプションやターゲット広告のオプトアウト方法については、次のページにスクロールしてください。どのような選択肢がありますか？
アフィリエイト、アフィリエイトおよび第三者のサイト管理できない特定の状況において、当社の提携パートナー、企業、または第三者のウェブサイト（以下「アフィリエイト」）は、サービスを単独で、またはメロスデバイスの無料再販または提供、サードパーティ製デバイスの提供、または独自またはカスタムアプリケーションの提供を含む、当社は共同で協力します。 アフィリエイトが、あなた自身のブランドの存在またはそのアフィリエイトと直接取引した取引に基づいて、そのような取引またはサービスに関連付けられている時期を特定することができます。 当社は、お客様の個人情報を取引やサービスに関連する範囲でのみお客様の個人情報と共有し、お客様が個人情報を共有することを認める認可を受けた接続ビジネスに関連する増分条件を特に承諾します。
これらの増分条件は、プロモーションオファーの一部として提示される場合があります(関連する企業ウェブサイト、またはサービス上に表示されるカスタムセットアップステップを含むメロスブランドの資産）。 アフィリエイトビジネスの方針や実践をプライバシーやその他のものに関して管理しているため、アフィリエイトビジネスに関連する取引やサービスに参加することを選択した場合は、そのようなビジネスやウェブサイトのポリシーをすべて確認してください。 従業員との間で個人情報を共有したい場合、メロスと新たなアカウントや関係を確立することなく、アフィリエイトビジネスから一定の特典を受け取る権利を失うことがあります。
代理人：当社は他の企業や人物を代理して弊社を代理して業務を遂行し、お客様の情報をお客様と共有して製品やサービスを提供する必要があります。 私どもは、違う言葉を述べない限り、当社の代理店は、本プライバシーポリシーで特定されているように当社を支援するために必要な範囲を超えて、お客様と共有する個人情報を使用する権利を有しません。
ユーザープロファイルと提出：ユーザーの名前、場所、およびそのユーザーがサービスにアップロードしたコンテンツを含むがそれらに限定されない特定のユーザープロファイル情報は、サービス内のユーザーのやりとりを容易にするため、またはメロスのサービス。アカウントのプライバシー設定では、ユーザープロフィールの個人情報を表示できる他のユーザーや、ユーザープロフィールのどの情報が他のユーザーに表示されるかを制限することができます。パブリック・ユーザー・プロファイルにアップロードするコンテンツは、他のユーザーが（掲示板、メッセージやチャット・エリアなどで）見ることができる方法でオンラインで自発的に開示する個人情報やコンテンツとともに公に利用可能になります。収集され、他人によって使用されます。メッセージやコメントを送信したり、サービスを通じてコンテンツをアップロードしたりすると、ユーザー名が他のユーザーにも表示され、他のユーザーはメッセージやコメントを通じてユーザーに連絡することができます。さらに、第三者のソーシャルネットワーキングサイトまたはサービスを通じてサービスにサインインすると、そのサイトまたはサービスからの「友人」のリストがサービスに自動的にインポートされ、そのような「友人」、またはそれらが登録ユーザーでもサービスのユーザープロフィールに入力した特定の非公開情報にアクセスすることができます。また、他の第三者のサイトまたはサービスのポリシーや実践を管理することはありません。
ビジネス移転：資産の売買を選択することがあります。 これらのタイプの取引では、顧客情報は通常、移転されるビジネス資産の1つです。 また、当社（または当社の資産）が買収された場合、または当社が破産した場合、倒産した場合やその他の支配権の変更を行った場合、個人情報は第三者に譲渡または取得された資産の1つになります。
メロスおよびその他の者の保護：当社は、法律または裁判所の命令を遵守するために必要と合理的に考えられる情報にアクセスし、閲覧し、保存し、開示する権利を有します。 当社の使用条件およびその他の契約条件を適用または適用する。メロス、従業員、ユーザー、その他の権利、財産、または安全を保護するために使用されます。 これには、不正防止と信用リスク削減のために他の企業や組織と情報を交換することが含まれます。
私の個人情報は安全ですか？
お客様のアカウントは、プライバシーとセキュリティを確保するために、パスワードまたはPINで保護されています。 第三者のウェブサイトまたはサービスを通じてアカウントにアクセスする場合、そのサードパーティのウェブサイトまたはサービスを通じて、より多くのまたは異なるログイン保護を行うことができます。 パスワード、PIN、その他のログインメカニズムを適切に選択して保護し、コンピュータやデバイス、ブラウザへのアクセスを制限することで、アカウントや個人情報への不正アクセスを防止する必要があります またはアプリケーションのアクセスアカウント。
メロスはお客様のアカウントやメロスの記録に残っている他の個人情報のプライバシーを守るよう努めていますが、完全なセキュリティを保証するものではありません。 不正な侵入または使用、ハードウェアまたはソフトウェアの障害、およびその他の要因は、いつでもユーザー情報のセキュリティを損なう可能性があります。
サービスには、他のサイトまたはアプリケーションへのリンクが含まれている場合があります。 メロスは、他のサイトのプライバシーポリシーおよび/またはプラクティスについて責任を負いません。他のサイトへのリンクをたどった場合は、そのサイトのプライバシーポリシーをお読みください。
どのような個人情報にアクセスできますか？
お客様のアカウントとサービスの設定により、お客様が提供した以下の情報にアクセスしたり、場合によっては編集したり削除したりすることができます。
· 名前とパスワード/ PIN番号
· お届け先の住所
· 請求先住所
· クレジットカード情報
· 電子メールアドレス
· ロケーション、グループ、およびデバイスの情報
· ユーザープロファイル情報
· アプリ情報
サービスの変更に伴い、表示、更新、および削除できる情報が変更されることがあります。メロスがお客様について書いた情報の表示や更新に関するご質問はsupport@meross.comまでご連絡ください。
お客様のカリフォルニア州のプライバシー権
カリフォルニア民法セクション1798.83-1798.84に基づき、カリフォルニア州の居住者は、当社の関連会社および/または第三者とマーケティング目的で共有する個人情報のカテゴリを特定し、そのような関連会社および第三者。また、カリフォルニア州の居住者であり、本通知のコピーを希望する場合、または当社が第三者との情報の共有を控えることを希望する場合は、お客様の個人情報を第三者とマーケティング目的で共有することを控えてください。彼らのマーケティング目的のために、書面による要求を提出してください：
メロス、3階、ソフトウェアパーク、成都ポリテクニック、No.25、益州通り、成都、中国
どのような選択肢がありますか？
クッキー：特定のクッキーの使用を停止したい場合は、ほとんどのブラウザの「ヘルプ」機能を使用して既存のCookieを無効にし、今後のクッキーの受信を停止することができます。
ターゲット広告：他のウェブサイトでターゲティング広告を受信したくない場合、またはターゲット広告を提供する第三者の広告主および広告ネットワークプログラムに関するプリファレンスを選択する場合は、次のサイトにアクセスしてオプトアウトできます。
•NAIオプトアウトページ：http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/、および
•広告の選択肢のオプトアウトページ：http://aboutads.info/choices/
ターゲット広告をオプトアウトする場合は、引き続きメロスなどの広告を受け取ることがあります。ただし、これらの広告はターゲティング広告のために表示されません。
コミュニケーション：お客様がメロスからの宣伝用の連絡を受けたくないと判断した場合は、受け取った電子メールの下にある「このリストからの購読を解除する」または「購読の基本設定を更新する」をクリックして希望を示すことができます。
サービス：使用する情報を開示しないことをいつでも選択できますが、当社に登録したり、当社の特別な機能やサービスを何らかの形で利用するためには、一部の情報が必要になる場合があります。
上述のとおり、情報を追加、更新、または削除することができます。ただし、情報を更新する際には、未訂正情報のコピーを当社の記録に保持することがあります。 support@meross.comまで電子メールでご連絡ください。一部の情報は、特定のビジネスニーズを満たすため、および/またはお客様のアカウントからのそのような情報の保存要件に準拠するために、削除後にGoogleの記録に残る場合があります。 当社は、個人情報を更新または削除した後で個人的に匿名化または集約されたデータを使用することがありますが、個人的に個人を特定する方法ではありません。
ポリシーに関する質問があればどうなりますか？
プライバシーポリシーに関するご不明点がございましたら、support@meross.comまで詳細なメッセージをお送りください。問題を解決に努めて、ご期待に達成します。
Política de privacidad
Puesta al día: 18 de julio de 2022
Fecha de entrada en vigor: 25 de julio de 2022
Chengdu Meross Technology Co., Ltd. y sus filiales y subsidiarias (colectivamente, "Meross", "nosotros", "nos" o "nuestro") se comprometen a proteger su privacidad y nos tomamos en serio su privacidad. Esta Política Privada cubre por qué, qué y cómo recopilamos, almacenamos, utilizamos, compartimos, transferimos y procesamos de cualquier otro modo los Datos Personales de cualquier visitante del sitio web, clientes consumidores, usuarios de aplicaciones y otras personas que utilizan nuestros servicios e interactúan con nosotros (colectivamente, "usted", "usted mismo" o "su"). Le rogamos que lea esta Política de Privacidad antes de utilizar nuestro(s) sitio(s) web, productos, servicios, aplicaciones móviles, plugins IoT y otro software (colectivamente, los "Servicios"). En esta Política de Privacidad, también encontrará cómo ejercer sus derechos de acceso, actualización y eliminación de sus Datos Personales, así como la forma de conceder y retirar el consentimiento a las suscripciones de marketing.
Al utilizar o acceder a nuestros Servicios de cualquier forma, usted reconoce que acepta y consiente las prácticas y políticas descritas en esta Política de Privacidad, y por la presente consiente que recopilemos, utilicemos y compartamos su información de las siguientes formas.
Recuerde que el uso de nuestros Servicios está sujeto en todo momento a las Condiciones de Uso
, que incorporan esta Política de Privacidad. Cualquier término que utilicemos en esta Política Privada sin definirlo tiene las definiciones que se le dan en las Condiciones de Uso.
Si se encuentra en el Espacio Económico Europeo ("EEE"), para el Reglamento General de Protección de Datos de la UE 2016/679 ("RGPD"), el responsable del tratamiento de los datos es Meross. Si tiene alguna pregunta o duda, no dude en ponerse en contacto con nosotros en privacy@meross.com.
¿Qué cubre esta política de privacidad?
Esta Política de Privacidad cubre nuestro tratamiento de la información personal identificable ("Datos Personales") que recopilamos cuando usted accede o utiliza nuestros Servicios, pero no a las prácticas de empresas que no poseemos o controlamos, o personas que no gestionamos. Todos los mensajes, respuestas, apodos, avatares en nuestro Foro se considerarán información pública, no Datos Personales, y por favor NO comparta sus Datos Personales en el Foro ya que todos los usuarios de la comunidad podrán acceder a sus mensajes, respuestas, apodos, avatares sin ninguna limitación. Por lo tanto, esta información no estará cubierta por esta Política de Privacidad. Por favor, lea el Código de Conducta antes de utilizar el Foro.
Política de privacidad infantil
Como se indica en las Condiciones de Uso, no recopilamos ni solicitamos intencionadamente Datos Personales de menores de 16 años. Si tiene menos de 16 años, le rogamos que no intente registrarse en los Servicios ni nos envíe ningún Dato Personal suyo. Si nos enteramos de que hemos recogido inadvertidamente Datos Personales de un menor de 16 años, los eliminaremos inmediatamente de nuestro sistema. Si cree que un menor de 16 años puede habernos proporcionado Datos Personales, póngase en contacto con nosotros en privacy@meross.com.
¿Por qué recopilamos información?
Recogemos diversos tipos de Datos Personales de nuestros usuarios, como se explica con más detalle a continuación. Lo hacemos porque es necesario para cumplir las obligaciones contractuales que tenemos con usted y por nuestros intereses legítimos para proporcionarle productos y servicios, mantener nuestra relación con usted y proteger nuestro negocio. Si decide no facilitarnos los Datos Personales que necesitamos para proporcionarle un producto o servicio, no podremos proporcionárselo. Utilizamos estos Datos Personales en relación con nuestros Servicios, incluyendo:
1. para permitirle configurar una cuenta de usuario, un perfil y configurar nuestros productos;
2. para permitirle publicar valoraciones y reseñas de diversos productos y servicios a través del correo electrónico o de la aplicación Meross;
3. Proporcionar la funcionalidad básica de nuestros productos y servicios;
4. personalizar y mejorar nuestros servicios;
5. ponernos en contacto con usted, informarle de actualizaciones y responder a sus comentarios y solicitudes de ayuda;
6. satisfacer sus solicitudes, incluidas, entre otras, las consultas de datos sobre determinados productos y servicios;
7. Permitirle suscribirse a nuestra información de marketing y promociones;
8. para permitirle solicitar un sorteo o promoción o convertirse en probador beta;
9. Permitirle que nos envíe consultas;
10. para realizar análisis internos de datos que nos ayuden a comprender cómo se utilizan nuestros Servicios;
11. para garantizar la seguridad de sus datos
12. para cumplir la ley y otras normas en virtud de determinadas solicitudes de procesos judiciales o de organismos gubernamentales que tengan o reclamen jurisdicción sobre Meross o sus filiales.
Los Datos Personales que se le pidan, y las razones por las que se le piden, se le explicarán claramente en el momento en que le pidamos que facilite sus Datos Personales.
¿Qué información recogemos y cómo la utilizamos?
Información que usted nos facilita
Recogemos y almacenamos cualquier información que usted nos proporcione conscientemente. Por ejemplo, a través del proceso de registro y/o a través de la configuración de su cuenta, podemos recopilar Datos Personales como su dirección de correo electrónico, contraseña, nombre de usuario, fecha de cumpleaños que haya establecido, ubicación incluyendo geo-cerca, código de País/Región que haya establecido y zona horaria, url de redes sociales, nombres de grupos y dispositivos, nombres de ubicación de dispositivos, imágenes de dispositivos o grupos que haya cargado, nombres de Apps, detalles de configuración de Apps, información en correos electrónicos o mensajes que nos envíe. Podemos recopilar los datos de contacto de su empresa con el fin de prestarle servicios a nivel empresarial. Podemos recopilar sus intereses o aficiones a través de su actividad de usuario cuando interactúa con nosotros o con nuestro Servicio para que podamos comprenderle mejor y prestarle mejores servicios. Cierta información puede ser necesaria para registrarse o utilizar algunas de nuestras funciones.
Para los Datos Personales que nos facilite a través de la app Meross con su consentimiento afirmativo en el sistema operativo de su dispositivo móvil, los enumeramos a continuación para que pueda conocer los detalles.
Identificadores
Esto incluye datos personales como correo electrónico, nombre de usuario, contraseña, UID e información del dispositivo. Esto también incluye otra información que potencialmente podría ser utilizada para identificarle, como los nombres e imágenes que usted asocia con los usuarios de la cuenta, sus ubicaciones, dispositivos, escenas, detalles de configuración del dispositivo, información demográfica.
Ubicación
La aplicación Meross necesita tu ubicación exacta para escanear los dispositivos cercanos durante el proceso de configuración. Tanto la ubicación precisa como la aproximada funcionarán para los horarios que establezcas, si los hay. La aplicación Meross también utiliza esta ubicación para garantizar la funcionalidad de la aplicación, como la hora del dispositivo, el servicio meteorológico, la ejecución local de rutinas y el control local.
Fotos y vídeos
Meross sólo te pedirá permiso para acceder a fotos y vídeos cuando intentes subir fotos para el icono de tu dispositivo o el avatar de tu Foro.
Almacenamiento
Esto es esencial para que la aplicación Meross funcione leyendo y escribiendo datos, como caché y registros.
Cámara
Es necesaria cuando intentas hacer fotos y subirlas a la aplicación Meross.
Notificación
Esto es necesario cuando utilizas dispositivos con funciones de alerta, como alertas de abridores de puertas de garaje, sensores y termostatos. También te avisamos de la información que necesitas en el Foro y en la sección Hot Deal de la app Meross.
Bluetooth
Puedes habilitar las funciones de Bluetooth después de activar el permiso, incluyendo el control de los dispositivos Meross, la adquisición de estado, el descubrimiento y la configuración de los dispositivos Meross. En estas funciones, nos comunicaremos con el dispositivo Meross a través de Bluetooth en estos escenarios: mostrar el estado del dispositivo en la página de inicio, realizar el control del dispositivo en la página de inicio, descubrir dispositivos Meross en la página de inicio y agregar dispositivos Meross.
Red Local
Como los dispositivos Meross pueden ser controlados localmente al igual que el control Homekit. Necesitamos este permiso para descubrir dispositivos locales y realizar comandos básicos de control de dispositivos.
HomeKit(sólo para iOS)
Después de habilitar los permisos de HomeKit se pueden habilitar funciones relacionadas, como descubrir dispositivos Meross, habilitar la configuración de red de dispositivos, controlar dispositivos Meross y comprobar el estado de los dispositivos. Entre estas funciones, procesaremos datos con la App "Home" que viene con el sistema iOS a través de HomeKit en estos escenarios: descubrir dispositivos HomeKit en la página de inicio, configuración y control de red de dispositivos HomeKit.
Información recopilada automáticamente
Siempre que interactúe con nuestros Servicios (ya sea a través de una aplicación móvil, nuestro plugin IoT, servicio de terceros, App, navegador u otra aplicación, conectando un dispositivo físico a nuestros servicios, conectando un servicio de terceros a nuestros servicios, o de otra manera), podemos recopilar y almacenar automáticamente información en nuestros servidores, registros y bases de datos desde su navegador, aplicación, servicios o dispositivo(s). En particular, nuestros Servicios están diseñados para permitirle conectar varios dispositivos físicos (por ejemplo, el Enchufe Inteligente Meross, la Bombilla Inteligente, el Interruptor Inteligente, etc.) a los Servicios. Mientras están conectados a los Servicios, estos dispositivos envían automáticamente información a nuestros servidores (incluida la información que usted puede haber proporcionado al instalar o configurar ese dispositivo), que puede incluir Datos Personales. Por ejemplo, nombre del dispositivo, ubicación del dispositivo, número de modelo, versión de firmware, versión de hardware, modelo de chipset, UUID, UID, tiempo de activación, tiempo en línea, registros de desconexión, registros de reconexión, frecuencia de apertura de aplicaciones, registros de bloqueos y parámetros de configuración.
Otra información recopilada automáticamente a través de los medios anteriores puede incluir su dirección IP, dirección MAC, detalles de ubicación, información de "cookies", tipo de dispositivo, identificadores únicos de dispositivo, identificadores de publicidad, dispositivo móvil, sistema operativo, tipo de navegador, información demográfica, aplicación y/o dispositivo(s) que está utilizando para acceder a nuestros Servicios, rutas de clics, la identidad de la página o función que está solicitando o con la que está interactuando, tiempo en la página y otros indicadores de cómo está interactuando con los Servicios. Las "cookies" son identificadores que transferimos a su dispositivo y que nos permiten reconocer su navegador, aplicación o dispositivo e informarnos de cómo y cuándo se visitan o utilizan las distintas páginas y funciones de nuestros Servicios y por cuántas personas.
Es posible que pueda cambiar las preferencias de su navegador, aplicación o dispositivo para evitar o limitar la aceptación de cookies por parte de su dispositivo, pero esto puede impedirle aprovechar algunas de nuestras funciones. Además, tenga en cuenta que actualmente nuestros sistemas no reconocen ni responden a las señales "Do Not Track" de los navegadores.
Información recopilada de terceros
Si utiliza nuestros Servicios con credenciales de cuentas de terceros (por ejemplo, cuando utiliza nuestro servicio de complemento IoT, sus credenciales de inicio de sesión para Facebook, Google u otros sitios de terceros).  Podemos recopilar Datos Personales de ellos. Cualquier Dato Personal que recopilemos de su cuenta de terceros puede depender de la configuración de privacidad de su cuenta de terceros.
En el caso de las redes sociales, es posible que se recopile información como su nombre, dirección de correo electrónico, sexo y edad.  Si nos proporciona las credenciales de su cuenta de terceros, entiende que algunos contenidos y/o información de esas cuentas ("Información de cuentas de terceros") pueden transmitirse a su cuenta de Meross. Si usted autoriza dichas transmisiones, y esa Información de Cuenta de Terceros transmitida a nuestros Servicios está cubierta por esta Política de Privacidad; por ejemplo, avatares, información de perfil, imágenes, amigos y otra información autorizada.
En el caso de las tiendas en línea y los comercios minoristas, si usted adquiere nuestros Servicios y revisa nuestros Servicios, entiende que podemos recopilar información como su compra, sus comentarios y revisiones. Dicha información está cubierta por la presente Política de Privacidad.
Sólo recopilamos información de terceros cuando hemos comprobado que dichos terceros cuentan con su consentimiento o están legalmente autorizados o obligados a revelarnos sus Datos Personales.
¿Cómo procesamos y utilizamos la información?
La recopilación de la información descrita anteriormente nos permite conocer mejor a los usuarios de nuestros Servicios y saber qué contenidos y/o funciones son relevantes y de su interés. También recopilamos información para proporcionarle la(s) actualización(es) y asistencia adecuadas y para mejorar nuestros Servicios.
Podemos anonimizar sus Datos Personales para que no se le pueda identificar individualmente, y proporcionar esa información a nuestros socios o utilizarla para artículos de marketing o promocionales ("información agregada"). También podemos proporcionar información agregada a nuestros socios, que pueden utilizar dicha información para comprender con qué frecuencia y de qué manera las personas utilizan nuestros Servicios. Sin embargo, excepto en los casos que se describen a continuación, no revelamos información agregada a un socio de forma que pueda identificarle personalmente, como individuo.
Podemos compartir información con las organizaciones que se indican a continuación o para los fines que se indican:
Anunciantes
Podemos permitir a los anunciantes y/o socios comerciales ("Anunciantes") elegir a los usuarios que verán sus anuncios y/o ofertas promocionales. Usted acepta que podamos proporcionar cualquier información agregada que hayamos recopilado sobre usted de forma no identificable personalmente a un Anunciante, con el fin de que dicho Anunciante seleccione la audiencia adecuada para esos anuncios y/u ofertas ("Publicidad dirigida"). Por ejemplo, podemos utilizar el hecho de que usted resida en San Francisco para mostrarle anuncios u ofertas de empresas de San Francisco, pero no les diremos quién es usted.
Para conocer sus opciones en relación con las cookies y otras tecnologías, así como la forma de excluirse de la Publicidad dirigida, desplácese hacia abajo hasta - Sus derechos y opciones.
Socios, Empresas Afiliadas
En determinadas situaciones, los socios, empresas con las que estamos afiliados ("Empresas Afiliadas") pueden venderle artículos o prestarle servicios a través de los Servicios (ya sea solos o conjuntamente con nosotros), incluyendo la reventa o el suministro gratuito de dispositivos Meross, el suministro de dispositivos de terceros o la entrega de Apps únicas o personalizadas. Puede reconocer cuando una Empresa Afiliada está asociada a una transacción o servicio de este tipo basándose en la presencia de su marca o en una transacción que esté realizando directamente con esa Empresa Afiliada. Compartiremos sus Datos Personales con dicha Empresa Afiliada sólo en la medida en que estén relacionados con dicha transacción o servicio, y en la medida en que usted haya aceptado explícitamente condiciones adicionales con dicha Empresa Afiliada por las que reconoce y nos autoriza a compartir sus Datos Personales. Estas condiciones adicionales pueden presentarse como parte de ofertas promocionales (ya sea en el sitio de las Empresas Afiliadas o en propiedades de la marca Meross, incluido nuestro sitio de comercio en shop.meross.com, o en pasos de configuración personalizados que aparecen en los Servicios). No tenemos ningún control sobre las políticas y prácticas de las Empresas Afiliadas en cuanto a privacidad o cualquier otra cosa, por lo que si usted decide participar en cualquier transacción o servicio relacionado con una Empresa Afiliada, por favor revise todas las políticas de dichas empresas o sitios web. Si decide dejar de compartir Datos Personales con una Empresa Afiliada, es posible que ya no tenga derecho a recibir determinadas ventajas de la Empresa Afiliada ni a acceder a los Servicios sin establecer una nueva cuenta o relación con Meross.
Agentes
Empleamos a otras empresas y personas para realizar tareas en nuestro nombre y necesitamos compartir su información con ellos para proporcionarle nuestros productos o servicios. A menos que le indiquemos lo contrario, nuestros agentes no tienen ningún derecho a utilizar los Datos Personales que compartimos con ellos más allá de lo necesario para ayudarnos como se identifica en esta Política de Privacidad.
Transferencia de empresas
Es posible que decidamos comprar o vender activos. En este tipo de transacciones, la información de los clientes suele ser uno de los activos empresariales que se transfieren. Además, si nosotros (o nuestros activos) somos adquiridos, o si cerramos el negocio, entramos en bancarrota, o sufrimos algún otro cambio de control, los Datos Personales serían uno de los activos transferidos o adquiridos por un tercero.
Protección de Meross y otros
Nos reservamos el derecho a acceder, leer, conservar y divulgar cualquier información que consideremos razonablemente necesaria para cumplir con la ley o con una orden judicial; hacer cumplir o aplicar nuestras condiciones de uso y otros acuerdos; o proteger los derechos, la propiedad o la seguridad de Meross, nuestros empleados, nuestros usuarios u otros. Esto incluye el intercambio de información con otras empresas y organizaciones para la protección contra el fraude y la reducción del riesgo de crédito.
Servicios de terceros
Nuestros Servicios pueden contener funciones o enlaces a sitios web y servicios prestados por terceros. Si hace clic en un enlace a un sitio de terceros, accederá a sitios web que no controlamos. Cualquier información que usted proporcione en sitios o servicios de terceros puede ser proporcionada directamente a los operadores de dichos servicios y está sujeta a las políticas de dichos operadores, si las hubiera, que rigen la privacidad y la seguridad, incluso si se accede a través de nosotros. Esta política de privacidad no se aplica a las prácticas de privacidad de ese sitio web. Lea atentamente la política de privacidad de otros sitios web. No somos responsables de estos sitios o servicios de terceros a los que se proporciona enlace o acceso a través de nuestros Servicios.
Además, nuestros socios externos, incluidos los socios publicitarios (de los que se habla más adelante), pueden utilizar balizas web o transmitir cookies y leer cookies de su navegador, aplicación o dispositivo cuando visite o utilice nuestros Servicios (incluidos, entre otros, para recopilar información en relación con el programa Google Trusted Stores o Google Demographics and Interests). Esta Política de Privacidad no cubre el uso de cookies por parte de terceros. Asegúrese de comprender la política privada de dicho tercero. Para conocer las demás opciones de que dispone, desplácese hacia abajo hasta - ¿Qué opciones tengo?
¿Están seguros mis datos personales?
Su cuenta está protegida por una contraseña o un número PIN para su privacidad y seguridad. Si accede a su cuenta a través de un sitio o servicio de terceros, es posible que disponga de protecciones de inicio de sesión adicionales o diferentes a través de dicho sitio o servicio de terceros. Debe evitar el acceso no autorizado a su cuenta y a sus Datos Personales seleccionando y protegiendo adecuadamente su contraseña, número PIN y/u otro mecanismo de inicio de sesión y limitando el acceso a su ordenador o dispositivo y navegador o aplicación cerrando la sesión cuando haya terminado de acceder a su cuenta.
Nos esforzamos por proteger la privacidad de su cuenta y otros Datos Personales que tenemos en nuestros registros, pero no podemos garantizar una seguridad total. La entrada o el uso no autorizados, los fallos de hardware o software, y otros factores, pueden comprometer la seguridad de la información del usuario en cualquier momento. Nos aseguraremos de informar al regulador y le informaremos en un plazo de 72 horas una vez que sepamos que esto sucede bajo la regulación de GDPR.
Transferencia de datos
Somos empresas transnacionales.  Podemos transferir sus Datos Personales a destinatarios en países distintos de su país. Estos países pueden no tener las mismas leyes de protección de datos que el país en el que inicialmente proporcionó la información. Cuando transfiramos sus Datos Personales a otros países, seguiremos protegiendo esa información como se describe en esta Política de Privacidad.  Al utilizar nuestros Servicios o proporcionar cualquier Dato Personal, cuando la legislación aplicable lo permita, usted acepta las transferencias, el procesamiento y el almacenamiento de sus Datos Personales fuera de su país de residencia.
Si se encuentra en el Espacio Económico Europeo ("EEE"), cumplimos con los requisitos legales aplicables que proporcionan las garantías adecuadas para la transferencia de Datos Personales a países distintos del país en el que se encuentra. En particular, utilizamos protecciones contractuales para la transferencia de Datos Personales a terceros, como las Cláusulas Contractuales Tipo de la Comisión Europea.
Conservación de datos personales
Sólo conservaremos sus Datos Personales para cumplir los fines para los que fueron recogidos, según sea necesario para fines comerciales legítimos, tal como se describe en esta Política de Privacidad, o de otro modo permitido por la ley. Cuando ya no necesitemos utilizar los Datos Personales o cuando usted solicite su eliminación, los eliminaremos de nuestros sistemas y registros y/o tomaremos medidas para anonimizarlos de modo que ya no se le pueda identificar a partir de ellos.
Para determinar el periodo de conservación adecuado de los Datos Personales, tenemos en cuenta la cantidad, la naturaleza y la sensibilidad de los Datos Personales, el riesgo potencial de daño derivado del uso o la divulgación no autorizados de sus Datos Personales, los fines para los que procesamos sus Datos Personales y si podemos alcanzar dichos fines por otros medios, así como los requisitos legales aplicables.
Sus derechos y opciones
Datos personales a los que puede acceder
A través de su cuenta y de la configuración del Servicio, puede solicitar acceso y, en algunos casos, editar o eliminar la siguiente información que nos ha proporcionado, que puede incluir:
1. Nombre de usuario y contraseña/PIN
2. Dirección de correo electrónico
3. Información de ubicación, grupo y dispositivo
4. Información del perfil de usuario
5. Información de la aplicación
La información que puede ver, actualizar y eliminar puede cambiar a medida que cambian los Servicios. Si tiene alguna pregunta sobre cómo ver, actualizar o eliminar la información que tenemos archivada sobre usted, póngase en contacto con nosotros en privacy@meross.com.
Opciones que tiene
Correos electrónicos de marketing:
Siempre que decida no recibir información de marketing de nuestra parte, puede indicar su preferencia haciendo clic en "cancelar suscripción" o "actualizar preferencias de suscripción" comunicaciones a nivel de servicio que consideremos fundamentales para su uso de los Servicios. Tenga en cuenta que si cancela su suscripción a nuestro correo electrónico, no podrá recibir ninguna promoción u otra información de marketing hasta que vuelva a suscribirse. También puede otorgar y retirar su consentimiento para recibir correos electrónicos de marketing en Meross app > Usuario >Suscribirse a correo electrónico de marketing.
Cookies:
Si desea dejar de aceptar el uso de determinadas cookies, la función "ayuda" de la mayoría de los navegadores le ayudará a desactivar las cookies existentes y a dejar de recibir cookies futuras.
Correos electrónicos de comunicación:
Cada vez que decida no recibir ninguna comunicación nuestra, puede indicar su preferencia haciendo clic en "darse de baja de esta lista" o "actualizar preferencia de suscripción" en la parte inferior del correo electrónico que haya recibido. Tenga en cuenta que si cancela su suscripción a nuestro correo electrónico, no podrá recibir ninguna actualización ni respuesta a sus preguntas u otra información de comunicación hasta que vuelva a suscribirse.
Servicios:
Usted siempre puede optar por no revelar información a utilizar, pero tenga en cuenta que alguna información puede ser necesaria para registrarse con nosotros o para tomar ventaja de algunas de nuestras características especiales o los Servicios de cualquier forma.
Puede solicitar añadir, actualizar o eliminar Datos Personales en la aplicación Meross accediendo a Usuario > Cuenta. Sin embargo, cuando usted actualiza información, podemos mantener una copia de la información no revisada en nuestros registros. También puede solicitar la eliminación de su cuenta enviándonos un correo electrónico a privacy@meross.com
. Tenga en cuenta que parte de la información puede permanecer en nuestros registros después de su eliminación con el fin de satisfacer las necesidades específicas de negocio y regulación y / o cumplir con los requisitos de retención de dicha información de su cuenta. Podemos utilizar cualquier dato anónimo o agregado derivado de sus Datos Personales o que los incorpore después de que usted solicite actualizarlos o eliminarlos, pero no de manera que le identifique personalmente.
Tenga en cuenta
que si concede algún permiso, al utilizar la aplicación Meross, nos autoriza a recopilar y utilizar los Datos Personales pertinentes para prestarle los Servicios correspondientes. Una vez que deshabilite cualquier permiso, lo tomaremos como una cancelación de la autorización, y ya no continuaremos recopilando Datos Personales basados en los permisos correspondientes, y las funciones relacionadas pueden finalizar. Sin embargo, su decisión de retirar el permiso no afectará a la recopilación y uso previos de datos basados en su autorización anterior. Puede solicitar la eliminación de sus Datos Personales introducidos como se ha indicado anteriormente.
Sus derechos de privacidad en California
En virtud de los artículos 1798.83-1798.84 del Código Civil de California, los residentes en California tienen derecho a solicitarnos un aviso en el que se identifiquen las categorías de Datos Personales que compartimos con nuestras filiales y/o terceros con fines de marketing, y en el que se facilite la información de contacto de dichas filiales y/o terceros. También puede solicitarnos que nos abstengamos de compartir sus Datos Personales con terceros para sus fines de marketing si es residente de California y desea una copia de este aviso o desea solicitar que nos abstengamos de compartir su información con terceros para sus fines de marketing, envíe una solicitud por escrito a:
Meross Technology Co., Ltd.
Floor 3, Building A5, ShiJiCheng Road No. 1129, Gaoxin, Free Trade Trial Zone, Chengdu, China.
Actualización y modificación de esta Política de privacidad
Estamos constantemente tratando de mejorar nuestros Servicios, por lo que es posible que tengamos que cambiar esta Política de Privacidad de vez en cuando también. publicaremos la versión revisada aquí, con una fecha de revisión actualizada. Le recomendamos que visite estas páginas periódicamente para conocer y revisar dichas revisiones. Además, le avisaremos de los cambios colocando un aviso en los Servicios y/o enviándole un correo electrónico, a menos que no dispongamos de su dirección de correo electrónico. Tales avisos seguirán rigiendo su uso de los Servicios, y usted es responsable de leerlos y comprenderlos. Usted está obligado por cualquier cambio en la Política de Privacidad cuando utilice los Servicios después de que dichos cambios hayan sido publicados. El uso de la información que recopilamos ahora está sujeto a la Política de Privacidad vigente en el momento en que se utilice dicha información.
Cómo ponerse en contacto con nosotros
Si tiene alguna pregunta o duda sobre nuestra Política de privacidad, envíenos un mensaje detallado a privacy@meross.com, e intentaremos resolver sus dudas.
Datenschutzbestimmungen
Aktualisiert: Juli 18, 2022
Datum des Inkrafttretens: Juli 25, 2022
Chengdu Meross Technology Co., Ltd. und seine verbundenen Unternehmen und Tochtergesellschaften (zusammenfassend "Meross", "wir", "uns" oder "unser") verpflichten sich, Ihre Privatsphäre zu schützen, und wir nehmen Ihre Privatsphäre ernst. Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie legt dar, warum, was und wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Website-Besuchern, Kunden, Anwendungsnutzern und anderen Personen, die unsere Dienste nutzen und mit uns interagieren (zusammenfassend als "Sie", "Sie" oder "Ihr" bezeichnet), sammeln, speichern, nutzen, weitergeben, übertragen und anderweitig verarbeiten. Wir bitten Sie, diese Datenschutzrichtlinie zu lesen, bevor Sie unsere Website(s), Produkte, Dienste, mobilen Anwendungen, IoT-Plugins und andere Software (zusammenfassend die "Dienste") nutzen. In dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie erfahren Sie auch, wie Sie Ihre Rechte auf Zugriff, Aktualisierung und Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten ausüben können und wie Sie Ihre Zustimmung zu Marketing-Abonnements erteilen oder widerrufen können.
Indem Sie unsere Dienste in irgendeiner Weise nutzen oder darauf zugreifen, erkennen Sie an, dass Sie die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie dargelegten Praktiken und Richtlinien akzeptieren und damit einverstanden sind, dass wir Ihre Daten auf die folgende Weise erfassen, verwenden und weitergeben.
Denken Sie daran, dass Ihre Nutzung unserer Dienste zu jeder Zeit den
Nutzungsbedingungen
unterliegt, die diese Datenschutzrichtlinie einschließen. Alle Begriffe, die wir in dieser Datenschutzerklärung verwenden, ohne sie zu definieren, haben die Definitionen, die ihnen in den
Nutzungsbedingungen
gegeben werden.
Wenn Sie sich im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") befinden, ist der für die Datenverarbeitung Verantwortliche im Sinne der EU-Datenschutzgrundverordnung 2016/679 ("GDPR") Meross. Wenn Sie Fragen oder Bedenken haben, können Sie uns gerne unter
privacy@meross.com
kontaktieren.
Was deckt diese Datenschutzrichtlinie ab?
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie bezieht sich auf unseren Umgang mit persönlich identifizierbaren Informationen ("Persönliche Daten"), die wir sammeln, wenn Sie auf unsere Dienste zugreifen oder sie nutzen, aber nicht auf die Praktiken von Unternehmen, die wir nicht besitzen oder kontrollieren, oder von Personen, die wir nicht verwalten. Alle Beiträge, Antworten, Nicknames und Avatare in unserem Forum werden als öffentliche Informationen und nicht als personenbezogene Daten betrachtet, und bitte geben Sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten NICHT im Forum bekannt, da alle Nutzer der Community ohne Einschränkungen auf Ihre Beiträge, Antworten, Nicknames und Avatare zugreifen können. Daher fallen diese Informationen nicht unter diese Datenschutzrichtlinie. Bitte lesen Sie den Verhaltenskodex, bevor Sie das Forum nutzen.
Datenschutzrichtlinie für Kinder
Wie in den
Nutzungsbedingungen
angegeben, sammeln wir nicht wissentlich personenbezogene Daten von Personen unter 16 Jahren und fordern diese auch nicht an. Wenn Sie unter 16 Jahre alt sind, versuchen Sie bitte nicht, sich für die Dienste zu registrieren oder persönliche Daten von sich an uns zu senden. Wenn wir erfahren, dass wir versehentlich persönliche Daten von einem Kind unter 16 Jahren gesammelt haben, werden wir diese persönlichen Daten in unserem System umgehend löschen. Wenn Sie glauben, dass ein Kind unter 16 Jahren uns personenbezogene Daten zur Verfügung gestellt haben könnte, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter
privacy@meross.com
.
Warum sammeln wir Informationen?
Wir sammeln verschiedene Arten von personenbezogenen Daten von unseren Nutzern, wie im Folgenden näher erläutert. Wir tun dies, weil es notwendig ist, um unsere vertraglichen Verpflichtungen Ihnen gegenüber zu erfüllen, und weil wir ein berechtigtes Interesse daran haben, Produkte und Dienstleistungen anzubieten, unsere Beziehung zu Ihnen zu pflegen und unser Geschäft zu schützen. Wenn Sie uns die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir benötigen, um Ihnen ein Produkt oder eine Dienstleistung zu liefern, nicht zur Verfügung stellen, können wir diese nicht erbringen. Wir verwenden diese persönlichen Daten in Verbindung mit unseren Dienstleistungen, unter anderem:
1. um Ihnen die Einrichtung eines Benutzerkontos und eines Profils zu ermöglichen und um unsere Produkte einzurichten;
2. um Ihnen die Möglichkeit zu geben, Bewertungen und Rezensionen zu verschiedenen Produkten und Dienstleistungen per E-Mail oder über die Meross-App abzugeben;
3. um die Grundfunktionen unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen bereitzustellen;
4. um unsere Dienste zu personalisieren und zu verbessern;
5. um mit Ihnen in Kontakt zu treten, Sie über Aktualisierungen zu informieren und auf Ihre Rückmeldungen und Hilfeanfragen zu antworten;
6. um Ihre Anfragen, einschließlich, aber nicht beschränkt auf Datenanfragen, für bestimmte Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu erfüllen;
7. um Ihnen die Möglichkeit zu geben, Marketinginformationen und Werbemitteilungen von uns zu abonnieren;
8. um Ihnen die Möglichkeit zu geben, sich für ein Werbegeschenk oder eine Werbeaktion zu bewerben oder Beta-Tester zu werden;
9. um Ihnen zu ermöglichen, Anfragen an uns zu richten;
10. um interne Datenanalysen durchzuführen, die uns helfen zu verstehen, wie unsere Dienste genutzt werden;
11. um die Sicherheit Ihrer Daten zu gewährleisten;
12. zur Einhaltung von Gesetzen und anderen Normen im Rahmen bestimmter Anfragen von gerichtlichen Verfahren oder Regierungsbehörden, die die Zuständigkeit für Meross oder seine verbundenen Unternehmen haben oder beanspruchen.
Die personenbezogenen Daten, um die Sie gebeten werden, und die Gründe, warum Sie um diese Daten gebeten werden, werden Ihnen zu dem Zeitpunkt mitgeteilt, zu dem wir Sie um die Bereitstellung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten bitten.
Welche Informationen sammeln wir und wie verwenden wir sie?
Informationen, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen
Wir erfassen und speichern alle Informationen, die Sie uns wissentlich zur Verfügung stellen. Zum Beispiel können wir durch den Registrierungsprozess und/oder durch Ihre Kontoeinstellungen personenbezogene Daten wie Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihr Passwort, Ihren Benutzernamen, das von Ihnen festgelegte Geburtsdatum, Ihren Standort einschließlich des Geo-Zauns, den von Ihnen festgelegten Länder-/Regionencode und die Zeitzone, die Url der sozialen Medien, Gruppen- und Gerätenamen, die Standortnamen der Geräte, von Ihnen hochgeladene Geräte- oder Gruppenbilder, App-Namen, App-Konfigurationsdetails, Informationen in E-Mails oder Nachrichten, die Sie uns senden, erfassen. Wir können Ihre geschäftlichen Kontaktdaten erfassen, um Dienstleistungen auf geschäftlicher Ebene zu erbringen. Wir können Ihre Interessen oder Hobbys über Ihre Benutzeraktivitäten erfassen, wenn Sie mit uns oder unserem Dienst interagieren, damit wir Sie besser verstehen und Ihnen bessere Dienstleistungen anbieten können. Bestimmte Informationen können erforderlich sein, um sich zu registrieren oder einige unserer Funktionen zu nutzen.
Die personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie uns über die Meross-App mit Ihrer Zustimmung im Betriebssystem Ihres Mobilgeräts zur Verfügung stellen, werden im Folgenden aufgeführt, damit Sie die Einzelheiten erfahren können.
Kennungen
Dazu gehören persönliche Daten wie E-Mail, Benutzername, Passwort, UID und Geräteinformationen. Dazu gehören auch andere Informationen, die möglicherweise dazu verwendet werden können, Sie zu identifizieren, z. B. die Namen und Bilder, die Sie mit Kontonutzern verknüpfen, Ihre Standorte, Geräte, Szenen, Gerätekonfigurationsdetails und demografische Informationen.
Standort
Die Meross App benötigt Ihren genauen Standort, um die Geräte in der Nähe während des Einrichtungsprozesses zu scannen. Sowohl der genaue Standort als auch der ungefähre Standort funktionieren für die von Ihnen festgelegten Zeitpläne, falls vorhanden. Die Meross App verwendet diesen Standort auch, um die Funktionalität der App zu gewährleisten, wie z.B. die Gerätezeit, den Wetterdienst, die Ausführung der lokalen Routine und die lokale Steuerung.
Fotos und Videos
Meross fragt nur dann nach Ihrer Erlaubnis, auf Fotos und Videos zuzugreifen, wenn Sie versuchen, Fotos für Ihr Gerätesymbol oder Ihren Forumsavatar hochzuladen.
Speicher
Dies ist notwendig, damit die Meross App Daten lesen und schreiben kann, wie z.B. Cache und Protokolle.
Kamera
Dies wird benötigt, wenn Sie versuchen, Bilder aufzunehmen und sie in die Meross-App hochzuladen.
Benachrichtigung
Dies wird benötigt, wenn Sie Geräte mit Benachrichtigungsfunktionen verwenden, wie z. B. Benachrichtigungen von Garagentoröffnern, Sensoren und Thermostaten. Wir benachrichtigen Sie auch über Informationen, die Sie im Forum und im Hot Deal-Bereich der Meross-App benötigen.
Bluetooth
Sie können Bluetooth-Funktionen aktivieren, nachdem Sie die Berechtigung eingeschaltet haben, einschließlich der Steuerung der Meross-Geräte, der Statusabfrage, der Erkennung und Konfiguration von Meross-Geräten. Bei diesen Funktionen kommunizieren wir mit dem Meross-Gerät über Bluetooth in folgenden Szenarien: Anzeige des Gerätestatus auf der Startseite, Durchführung der Gerätesteuerung auf der Startseite, Entdecken von Meross-Geräten auf der Startseite und Hinzufügen von Meross-Geräten.
Lokales Netzwerk
Da Meross-Geräte lokal gesteuert werden können, genau wie Homekit-Steuerung. Wir benötigen diese Berechtigung, um lokale Geräte zu erkennen und grundlegende Gerätesteuerungsbefehle auszuführen.
HomeKit (nur für iOS)
Nach der Aktivierung von HomeKit-Berechtigungen können Sie verwandte Funktionen aktivieren, einschließlich der Erkennung von Meross-Geräten, der Aktivierung der Gerätenetzwerkkonfiguration, der Steuerung von Meross-Geräten und der Überprüfung des Gerätestatus. Unter diesen Funktionen werden wir Daten mit der "Home"-App, die mit dem iOS-System geliefert wird, über HomeKit in diesen Szenarien verarbeiten: Erkennung von HomeKit-Geräten auf der Startseite, HomeKit-Gerätenetzwerkkonfiguration und -steuerung.
Automatisch erfasste Informationen
Wann immer Sie mit unseren Diensten interagieren (sei es über eine mobile Anwendung, unser IoT-Plugin, einen Dienst eines Drittanbieters, eine App, einen Browser oder eine andere Anwendung, die Verbindung eines physischen Geräts mit unseren Diensten, die Verbindung eines Dienstes eines Drittanbieters mit unseren Diensten oder auf andere Weise), können wir automatisch Informationen von Ihrem Browser, Ihrer Anwendung, Ihren Diensten oder Ihrem Gerät bzw. Ihren Geräten erfassen und auf unseren Servern, Protokollen und Datenbanken speichern. Unsere Dienste sind insbesondere so konzipiert, dass Sie verschiedene physische Geräte (z. B. den Meross Smart Plug, die Smart Bulb, den Smart Switch usw.) mit den Diensten verbinden können. Während diese Geräte mit den Diensten verbunden sind, melden sie automatisch Informationen an unsere Server (einschließlich der Informationen, die Sie möglicherweise bei der Einrichtung oder Konfiguration des Geräts angegeben haben), die auch personenbezogene Daten enthalten können. Dazu gehören beispielsweise der Gerätename, der Standort des Geräts, die Modellnummer, die Firmware-Version, die Hardware-Version, das Chipsatzmodell, die UUID, die UID, die Aktivierungszeit, die Online-Zeit, die Drop-Off-Datensätze, die Re-Connect-Datensätze, die Häufigkeit des Öffnens von Apps, die Absturzprotokolle und die Einstellungsparameter.
Andere Informationen, die automatisch durch die oben genannten Mittel gesammelt werden, können Ihre IP-Adresse, MAC-Adresse, Standortdetails, "Cookie"-Informationen, Gerätetyp, eindeutige Gerätekennungen, Werbekennungen, Mobilgerät, Betriebssystem, Browsertyp, demografische Informationen, Anwendung und/oder Gerät(e), die Sie für den Zugriff auf unsere Dienste verwenden, Klickpfade, die Identität der Seite oder Funktion, die Sie anfordern oder mit der Sie interagieren, Zeit auf der Seite und andere Indikatoren dafür, wie Sie mit den Diensten interagieren, umfassen. "Cookies" sind Kennungen, die wir auf Ihr Gerät übertragen und die es uns ermöglichen, Ihren Browser, Ihre Anwendung oder Ihr Gerät zu erkennen und uns mitzuteilen, wie und wann verschiedene Seiten und Funktionen in unseren Diensten besucht oder genutzt werden und von wie vielen Personen.
Sie können die Einstellungen Ihres Browsers, Ihrer Anwendung oder Ihres Geräts ändern, um die Annahme von Cookies durch Ihr Gerät zu verhindern oder einzuschränken, was jedoch dazu führen kann, dass Sie einige unserer Funktionen nicht nutzen können. Bitte beachten Sie auch, dass unsere Systeme derzeit keine "Do Not Track"-Signale der Browser erkennen oder darauf reagieren.
Von Dritten gesammelte Informationen
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste mit den Anmeldedaten eines Drittanbieters nutzen (z. B. wenn Sie unseren IoT-Plugin-Dienst nutzen, Ihre Anmeldedaten für Facebook, Google oder andere Drittanbieter-Websites).  Wir können personenbezogene Daten von diesen erheben. Alle persönlichen Daten, die wir von Ihrem Drittanbieterkonto erfassen, können von den Datenschutzeinstellungen Ihres Drittanbieterkontos abhängen.
Bei sozialen Medien können Informationen wie Ihr Name, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihr Geschlecht und Ihr Alter erfasst werden.  Wenn Sie uns Ihre Zugangsdaten für Konten Dritter zur Verfügung stellen, verstehen Sie, dass einige Inhalte und/oder Informationen in diesen Konten ("Drittanbieter-Kontoinformationen") in Ihr Meross-Konto übertragen werden können. Wenn Sie solche Übertragungen genehmigen und die an unsere Dienste übertragenen Kontoinformationen Dritter unter diese Datenschutzrichtlinie fallen, z. B. Avatare, Profilinformationen, Bilder, Freunde und andere genehmigte Informationen.
Für Online-Shops und Einzelhandelsgeschäfte gilt: Wenn Sie unsere Dienste kaufen und unsere Dienste bewerten, verstehen Sie, dass wir Informationen wie Ihren Kauf, Ihr Feedback und Ihre Bewertungen erfassen können. Diese Informationen fallen unter die vorliegende Datenschutzrichtlinie.
Wir sammeln nur dann Informationen von Dritten, wenn wir überprüft haben, dass diese Dritten entweder Ihre Zustimmung haben oder anderweitig rechtlich befugt oder verpflichtet sind, Ihre persönlichen Daten an uns weiterzugeben.
Wie verarbeiten und nutzen wir Informationen?
Das Sammeln der oben beschriebenen Informationen ermöglicht es uns, besser zu verstehen, wer unsere Dienste nutzt und welche Inhalte und/oder Funktionen für Sie relevant und von Interesse sind. Wir sammeln auch Informationen, um Ihnen die entsprechenden Upgrades und den entsprechenden Support zur Verfügung zu stellen und um unsere Dienste zu verbessern.
Wir können Ihre persönlichen Daten anonymisieren, so dass Sie nicht individuell identifiziert werden können, und diese Informationen unseren Partnern zur Verfügung stellen oder diese Informationen für Marketing- oder Werbezwecke verwenden ("zusammengefasste Informationen"). Wir können diese Informationen auch an unsere Partner weitergeben, die diese Informationen nutzen können, um zu verstehen, wie oft und auf welche Weise die Menschen unsere Dienste nutzen. Mit Ausnahme der unten beschriebenen Fälle geben wir jedoch keine zusammengefassten Daten an einen Partner weiter, die Sie als Einzelperson identifizieren würden.
Wir können Informationen an die unten genannten Organisationen oder für die unten genannten Zwecke weitergeben:
Werbetreibende
Wir können Werbetreibenden und/oder Handelspartnern ("Werbetreibenden") gestatten, die Nutzer auszuwählen, die ihre Werbung und/oder Werbeangebote sehen sollen. Sie erklären sich damit einverstanden, dass wir gesammelte Informationen, die wir von Ihnen in nicht persönlich identifizierbarer Form gesammelt haben, an einen Werbetreibenden weitergeben, damit dieser die geeignete Zielgruppe für diese Werbung und/oder Angebote auswählen kann ("Gezielte Werbung"). So können wir beispielsweise die Tatsache, dass Sie in San Francisco wohnen, nutzen, um Ihnen Anzeigen oder Angebote für Unternehmen in San Francisco zu zeigen, aber wir werden diesen Unternehmen nicht mitteilen, wer Sie sind.
Wenn Sie mehr über Ihre Möglichkeiten in Bezug auf Cookies und andere Technologien erfahren möchten, sowie darüber, wie Sie sich gegen gezielte Werbung entscheiden können, scrollen Sie nach unten zu - Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten.
Partner, Verbundene Unternehmen
In bestimmten Situationen können Partner, Unternehmen, mit denen wir verbunden sind ("Verbundene Unternehmen"), über die Dienste (entweder allein oder gemeinsam mit uns) Artikel verkaufen oder Dienstleistungen für Sie erbringen, einschließlich des Weiterverkaufs oder der kostenlosen Bereitstellung von Meross-Geräten, der Bereitstellung von Geräten Dritter oder der Bereitstellung einzigartiger oder kundenspezifischer Apps. Sie können erkennen, wenn ein verbundenes Unternehmen mit einer solchen Transaktion oder Dienstleistung verbunden ist, und zwar aufgrund der Präsenz seiner Marke oder einer Transaktion, die Sie direkt mit diesem verbundenen Unternehmen durchführen. Wir geben Ihre persönlichen Daten nur dann an dieses verbundene Unternehmen weiter, wenn sie mit einer solchen Transaktion oder einem solchen Dienst in Verbindung stehen und wenn Sie ausdrücklich zusätzliche Bedingungen mit diesem verbundenen Unternehmen akzeptiert haben, mit denen Sie die Weitergabe Ihrer persönlichen Daten anerkennen und uns dazu ermächtigen. Diese zusätzlichen Bedingungen können als Teil von Werbeangeboten präsentiert werden (entweder auf der Website des Verbundenen Unternehmens oder auf Meross-Eigentum, einschließlich unserer Handelswebsite unter shop.meross.com, oder im Rahmen von kundenspezifischen Einrichtungsschritten, die in den Services erscheinen. Wir haben keine Kontrolle über die Richtlinien und Praktiken der Verbundenen Unternehmen in Bezug auf den Datenschutz oder andere Dinge, wenn Sie sich also entscheiden, an einer Transaktion oder einem Dienst in Verbindung mit einem Verbundenen Unternehmen teilzunehmen, lesen Sie bitte alle Richtlinien dieser Unternehmen oder Websites. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, einem angeschlossenen Unternehmen keine persönlichen Daten mehr mitzuteilen, sind Sie möglicherweise nicht mehr berechtigt, bestimmte Leistungen des angeschlossenen Unternehmens in Anspruch zu nehmen oder auf die Dienstleistungen zuzugreifen, ohne ein neues Konto oder eine neue Beziehung zu Meross aufzubauen.
Bevollmächtigte
Wir beauftragen andere Unternehmen und Personen mit der Durchführung von Aufgaben in unserem Namen und müssen Ihre Daten an diese weitergeben, um Ihnen unsere Produkte oder Dienstleistungen anbieten zu können. Sofern wir Ihnen nichts anderes mitteilen, haben unsere Beauftragten kein Recht, die von uns an sie weitergegebenen personenbezogenen Daten über das hinaus zu verwenden, was zu unserer Unterstützung, wie in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschrieben, erforderlich ist.
Geschäftsübertragungen
Es kann sein, dass wir uns entscheiden, Vermögenswerte zu kaufen oder zu verkaufen. Bei dieser Art von Transaktionen gehören Kundendaten in der Regel zu den Geschäftswerten, die übertragen werden. Wenn wir (oder unsere Vermögenswerte) übernommen werden, oder wenn wir unser Geschäft aufgeben, in Konkurs gehen oder einen anderen Kontrollwechsel durchmachen, gehören personenbezogene Daten zu den Vermögenswerten, die an einen Dritten übertragen oder von diesem übernommen werden.
Schutz von Meross und anderen
Wir behalten uns das Recht vor, auf Informationen zuzugreifen, sie zu lesen, aufzubewahren und weiterzugeben, wenn wir der Meinung sind, dass dies notwendig ist, um Gesetze oder Gerichtsbeschlüsse einzuhalten, unsere Nutzungsbedingungen und andere Vereinbarungen durchzusetzen oder anzuwenden oder die Rechte, das Eigentum oder die Sicherheit von Meross, unseren Mitarbeitern, unseren Nutzern oder anderen zu schützen. Dazu gehört auch der Austausch von Informationen mit anderen Unternehmen und Organisationen zum Schutz vor Betrug und zur Reduzierung des Kreditrisikos.
Dienste von Drittanbietern
Unsere Dienste können Funktionen oder Links zu Websites und Diensten enthalten, die von Drittanbietern bereitgestellt werden. Wenn Sie auf einen Link zu einer Website von Dritten klicken, gelangen Sie auf Websites, die wir nicht kontrollieren. Alle Informationen, die Sie auf Websites oder Diensten Dritter zur Verfügung stellen, können direkt an die Betreiber dieser Dienste weitergegeben werden und unterliegen den Datenschutz- und Sicherheitsrichtlinien dieser Betreiber, falls vorhanden, auch wenn der Zugriff über uns erfolgt. Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie gilt nicht für die Datenschutzpraktiken dieser Websites. Lesen Sie die Datenschutzrichtlinien anderer Websites sorgfältig durch. Wir sind nicht verantwortlich für diese Websites oder Dienste Dritter, zu denen Links oder Zugang über unsere Dienste bereitgestellt werden.
Darüber hinaus können unsere Drittanbieter, einschließlich Werbepartner (siehe unten), Web-Beacons verwenden oder Cookies übertragen und Cookies von Ihrem Browser, Ihrer Anwendung oder Ihrem Gerät lesen, wenn Sie unsere Dienste besuchen oder nutzen (insbesondere zur Erfassung von Informationen in Verbindung mit dem Google Trusted Stores-Programm oder Google Demographics and Interests). Diese Datenschutzbestimmungen gelten nicht für die Verwendung von Cookies durch Dritte. Bitte vergewissern Sie sich, dass Sie die privaten Richtlinien dieser Dritten verstanden haben. Um zu erfahren, welche anderen Optionen Sie haben, scrollen Sie nach unten zu - Welche Möglichkeiten habe ich?
Sind die persönlichen Daten über mich sicher?
Ihr Konto ist zu Ihrer Sicherheit und zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre durch ein Passwort oder eine PIN-Nummer geschützt. Wenn Sie über eine Website oder einen Dienst eines Drittanbieters auf Ihr Konto zugreifen, können Sie über diese Website oder diesen Dienst zusätzliche oder andere Anmeldeschutzmaßnahmen haben. Sie müssen den unbefugten Zugriff auf Ihr Konto und Ihre persönlichen Daten verhindern, indem Sie Ihr Passwort, Ihre PIN-Nummer und/oder einen anderen Anmeldemechanismus angemessen auswählen und schützen und den Zugriff auf Ihren Computer oder Ihr Gerät und Ihren Browser oder Ihre Anwendung begrenzen, indem Sie sich abmelden, nachdem Sie den Zugriff auf Ihr Konto beendet haben.
Wir bemühen uns, die Privatsphäre Ihres Kontos und anderer persönlicher Daten, die wir in unseren Aufzeichnungen speichern, zu schützen, können jedoch keine vollständige Sicherheit garantieren. Unbefugter Zugriff oder Nutzung, Hardware- oder Softwarefehler und andere Faktoren können die Sicherheit der Benutzerdaten jederzeit beeinträchtigen. Wir werden sicherstellen, dass wir die Aufsichtsbehörde informieren und Sie innerhalb von 72 Stunden benachrichtigen, sobald wir wissen, dass dies gemäß der GDPR-Verordnung geschieht.
Datenübermittlung
Wir sind ein transnationales Unternehmen.  Wir können Ihre persönlichen Daten an Empfänger in anderen Ländern als Ihrem Land weitergeben. In diesen Ländern gelten möglicherweise nicht dieselben Datenschutzgesetze wie in dem Land, in dem Sie die Informationen ursprünglich bereitgestellt haben. Wenn wir Ihre persönlichen Daten in andere Länder übertragen, werden wir diese Daten weiterhin wie in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschrieben schützen.  Indem Sie unsere Dienste nutzen oder personenbezogene Daten bereitstellen, erklären Sie sich mit der Übertragung, Verarbeitung und Speicherung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten außerhalb Ihres Wohnsitzlandes einverstanden, sofern dies gesetzlich zulässig ist.
Wenn Sie sich im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") befinden, halten wir die geltenden gesetzlichen Bestimmungen ein, die angemessene Schutzmaßnahmen für die Übermittlung personenbezogener Daten in andere Länder als das Land, in dem Sie sich befinden, vorsehen. Insbesondere verwenden wir vertragliche Schutzmaßnahmen für die Übermittlung personenbezogener Daten an Dritte, wie die Standardvertragsklauseln der Europäischen Kommission.
Aufbewahrung von persönlichen Daten
Wir werden Ihre persönlichen Daten nur aufbewahren, um die Zwecke zu erfüllen, für die sie gesammelt wurden, wie es für legitime Geschäftszwecke, wie in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschrieben, erforderlich ist oder anderweitig gesetzlich zulässig ist. Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht mehr benötigen oder wenn Sie deren Löschung verlangen, werden wir sie aus unseren Systemen und Aufzeichnungen entfernen und/oder Maßnahmen ergreifen, um sie zu anonymisieren, so dass Sie nicht mehr anhand dieser Daten identifiziert werden können.
Bei der Festlegung der angemessenen Aufbewahrungsfrist für personenbezogene Daten berücksichtigen wir die Menge, die Art und die Sensibilität der personenbezogenen Daten, das potenzielle Risiko eines Schadens durch unbefugte Nutzung oder Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, die Zwecke, für die wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten, und die Frage, ob wir diese Zwecke mit anderen Mitteln erreichen können, sowie die geltenden gesetzlichen Bestimmungen.
Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten
Persönliche Daten, auf die Sie zugreifen können
Über Ihr Konto und die Einstellungen des Dienstes können Sie den Zugriff auf die folgenden Informationen, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, beantragen und diese in einigen Fällen bearbeiten oder löschen:
1. Nutzername und Passwort/PIN
2. E-Mail Adresse
3. Standort-, Gruppen- und Geräteinformationen
4. Informationen zum Benutzerprofil
5. App-Informationen
Die Informationen, die Sie anzeigen, aktualisieren und löschen können, können sich mit den Änderungen der Dienste ändern. Wenn Sie Fragen zum Anzeigen, Aktualisieren oder Löschen von Informationen haben, die wir über Sie gespeichert haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter
privacy@meross.com
.
Sie haben die Wahl
Marketing-E-Mails:
Sie können jederzeit entscheiden, keine Marketinginformationen von uns zu erhalten, indem Sie auf "Abbestellen" oder "Abonnementeinstellungen aktualisieren" klicken, wenn Sie Mitteilungen auf Dienstebene erhalten möchten, die wir für Ihre Nutzung der Dienste als wichtig erachten. Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie, wenn Sie sich von unseren E-Mails abmelden, keine Werbe- oder anderen Marketinginformationen erhalten können, bis Sie sich erneut anmelden. Sie können Ihre Zustimmung zum Erhalt von Marketing-E-Mails auch unter Meross app > Benutzer >Marketing-E-Mails abbestellen erteilen und widerrufen.
Cookies:
Wenn Sie die Verwendung bestimmter Cookies nicht mehr akzeptieren möchten, hilft Ihnen die "Hilfe"-Funktion der meisten Browser dabei, bestehende Cookies zu deaktivieren und den Empfang künftiger Cookies zu unterbinden.
Kommunikations-E-Mails:
Wenn Sie beschließen, keine Mitteilungen von uns zu erhalten, können Sie Ihre Präferenz angeben, indem Sie am Ende der erhaltenen E-Mail auf "Von dieser Liste abmelden" oder "Abonnementpräferenz aktualisieren" klicken. Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie, wenn Sie sich von unseren E-Mails abmelden, keine Aktualisierungen und Rückmeldungen zu Ihren Fragen oder andere Kommunikationsinformationen erhalten können, bis Sie sich erneut anmelden.
Dienstleistungen:
Sie können sich jederzeit dafür entscheiden, uns keine Informationen zukommen zu lassen, aber bedenken Sie, dass einige Informationen erforderlich sein können, um sich bei uns zu registrieren oder um einige unserer speziellen Funktionen oder die Dienste in irgendeiner Form zu nutzen.
Sie können das Hinzufügen, Aktualisieren oder Löschen von persönlichen Daten in der Meross App beantragen, indem Sie auf Benutzer > Konto gehen. Wenn Sie Informationen aktualisieren, können wir jedoch eine Kopie der nicht revidierten Informationen in unseren Unterlagen aufbewahren. Sie können auch die Löschung Ihres Kontos beantragen, indem Sie uns eine E-Mail an
privacy@meross.com
schicken. Bitte beachten Sie, dass einige Informationen auch nach Ihrer Löschung in unseren Aufzeichnungen verbleiben können, um bestimmte geschäftliche und gesetzliche Anforderungen zu erfüllen und/oder den Anforderungen an die Aufbewahrung solcher Informationen aus Ihrem Konto zu entsprechen. Wir können anonymisierte oder zusammengefasste Daten verwenden, die von Ihren persönlichen Daten abgeleitet sind oder diese enthalten, nachdem Sie deren Aktualisierung oder Löschung beantragt haben, jedoch nicht in einer Weise, die Sie persönlich identifizieren würde.
Bitte beachten Sie
, dass Sie, wenn Sie eine Erlaubnis erteilen, wenn Sie die Meross App nutzen, uns ermächtigen, die relevanten Persönlichen Daten zu sammeln und zu verwenden, um Ihnen die entsprechenden Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen. Sobald Sie eine Erlaubnis deaktivieren, betrachten wir dies als Widerruf der Erlaubnis, und wir werden nicht mehr fortfahren, Persönliche Daten auf der Grundlage der entsprechenden Erlaubnis zu sammeln, und die damit verbundenen Funktionen können beendet werden. Ihre Entscheidung, die Genehmigung zu widerrufen, hat jedoch keine Auswirkungen auf die frühere Erfassung und Verwendung von Daten auf der Grundlage Ihrer früheren Genehmigung. Sie können die Löschung Ihrer wie oben beschrieben eingeführten personenbezogenen Daten beantragen.
Ihre kalifornischen Datenschutzrechte
Gemäß den Abschnitten 1798.83 bis 1798.84 des kalifornischen Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuchs haben Einwohner Kaliforniens das Recht, von uns eine Mitteilung zu verlangen, in der die Kategorien personenbezogener Daten genannt werden, die wir zu Marketingzwecken an unsere verbundenen Unternehmen und/oder Dritte weitergeben, und in der die Kontaktinformationen dieser verbundenen Unternehmen und/oder Dritten angegeben werden. Wenn Sie in Kalifornien ansässig sind und eine Kopie dieses Hinweises wünschen oder uns auffordern möchten, Ihre persönlichen Daten nicht an Dritte für deren Marketingzwecke weiterzugeben, senden Sie bitte eine schriftliche Anfrage an:
Meross Technology Co, Ltd.
Floor 3, Building A5, ShiJiCheng Road No. 1129, Gaoxin, Free Trade Trial Zone, Chengdu, China.
Aktualisierung und Änderung dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie
Da wir ständig versuchen, unsere Dienste zu verbessern, kann es sein, dass wir diese Datenschutzrichtlinie von Zeit zu Zeit ändern müssen. Wir werden die überarbeitete Version hier mit einem aktualisierten Änderungsdatum veröffentlichen. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese Seiten regelmäßig zu besuchen, um sich über solche Änderungen zu informieren und sie zu überprüfen. Außerdem werden wir Sie über die Änderungen informieren, indem wir einen Hinweis auf den Diensten platzieren und/oder Ihnen eine E-Mail schicken, es sei denn, wir haben Ihre E-Mail-Adresse nicht. Solche Mitteilungen regeln weiterhin Ihre Nutzung der Dienste, und Sie sind dafür verantwortlich, sie zu lesen und zu verstehen. Sie sind an alle Änderungen der Datenschutzrichtlinie gebunden, wenn Sie die Dienste nutzen, nachdem diese Änderungen veröffentlicht wurden. Die Verwendung der von uns erfassten Informationen unterliegt der zum Zeitpunkt der Verwendung dieser Informationen geltenden Datenschutzrichtlinie.
Wie Sie uns kontaktieren können
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Bedenken bezüglich unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie haben, senden Sie uns bitte eine ausführliche Nachricht an
privacy@meross.com
, und wir werden versuchen, Ihre Bedenken auszuräumen.
Informativa sulla privacy
Aggiornato: 18 luglio 2022
Data di entrata in vigore: 25 luglio 2022
Chengdu Meross Technology Co., Ltd. e le sue affiliate e consociate (collettivamente, "Meross", "noi", "ci" o "nostro") si impegnano a proteggere la vostra privacy e la prendono sul serio. La presente Informativa privata illustra perché, cosa e come raccogliamo, archiviamo, utilizziamo, condividiamo, trasferiamo e trattiamo in altro modo i Dati personali dei visitatori del sito web, dei clienti consumatori, degli utenti delle applicazioni e di altri individui che utilizzano i nostri servizi e interagiscono con noi (collettivamente, "voi", "voi stessi" o "vostro"). Vi chiediamo di leggere la presente Informativa sulla privacy prima di utilizzare i nostri siti web, prodotti, servizi, applicazioni mobili, plugin IoT e altri software (collettivamente, i "Servizi"). Nella presente Informativa sulla privacy, l'utente troverà anche le modalità di esercizio dei diritti di accesso, aggiornamento e cancellazione dei propri Dati personali, nonché le modalità di concessione e revoca del consenso agli abbonamenti di marketing.
Utilizzando o accedendo ai nostri Servizi in qualsiasi modo, l'utente riconosce di accettare e acconsentire alle pratiche e alle politiche delineate nella presente Informativa sulla privacy e acconsente alla raccolta, all'utilizzo e alla condivisione dei suoi dati nei modi seguenti.
Ricordate che il vostro utilizzo dei nostri Servizi è sempre soggetto alle
Condizioni d'uso
, che incorporano la presente Informativa sulla privacy. Tutti i termini che utilizziamo nella presente Informativa sulla privacy senza definirli hanno le definizioni date loro nelle
Condizioni d'uso
.
Se vi trovate nello Spazio Economico Europeo ("SEE"), per il Regolamento Generale sulla Protezione dei Dati UE 2016/679 ("GDPR"), il responsabile del trattamento dei dati è Meross. Se avete domande o dubbi, non esitate a contattarci all'indirizzo
privacy@meross.com
.
Che cosa copre questa politica sulla privacy?
La presente Informativa sulla privacy riguarda il trattamento da parte nostra delle informazioni di identificazione personale ("Dati personali") raccolte durante l'accesso o l'utilizzo dei nostri Servizi, ma non le pratiche di società che non possediamo o controlliamo, o di persone che non gestiamo. Tutti i post, le risposte, i nickname, gli avatar nel nostro Forum saranno considerati informazioni pubbliche, non Dati personali, e vi preghiamo di NON condividere i vostri Dati personali nel Forum poiché tutti gli utenti della comunità potranno accedere ai vostri post, risposte, nickname, avatar senza alcuna limitazione. Pertanto, queste informazioni non sono coperte dalla presente Informativa sulla privacy. Si prega di leggere il Codice di Condotta prima di utilizzare il Forum.
Politica sulla privacy dei bambini
Come indicato nelle
Condizioni d'uso
, non raccogliamo o richiediamo consapevolmente dati personali a persone di età inferiore ai 16 anni. Se l'utente ha meno di 16 anni, è pregato di non tentare di registrarsi ai Servizi o di inviarci i propri Dati personali. Se veniamo a conoscenza di aver raccolto inavvertitamente Dati personali di un minore di 16 anni, cancelleremo prontamente tali Dati personali dal nostro sistema. Se ritenete che un minore di 16 anni possa averci fornito dei Dati personali, contattateci all'indirizzo
privacy@meross.com
.
Perché raccogliamo informazioni?
Raccogliamo vari tipi di Dati personali dai nostri utenti, come spiegato più dettagliatamente di seguito. Lo facciamo perché è necessario per adempiere agli obblighi contrattuali che abbiamo nei vostri confronti e per i nostri legittimi interessi di fornire prodotti e servizi, mantenere il nostro rapporto con voi e proteggere la nostra attività. Se decidete di non fornirci i Dati personali necessari per fornirvi un prodotto o un servizio, non saremo in grado di fornirveli. Utilizziamo questi Dati personali in relazione ai nostri Servizi, tra cui:
1. per consentirvi di creare un account utente, un profilo e di configurare i nostri prodotti;
2. per consentire all'utente di pubblicare valutazioni e recensioni di vari prodotti e servizi via e-mail o tramite l'app Meross;
3. per fornire le funzionalità di base dei nostri prodotti e servizi;
4. per personalizzare e migliorare i nostri servizi;
5. per contattarvi, informarvi sugli aggiornamenti e rispondere alle vostre richieste di feedback e di aiuto;
6. per soddisfare le vostre richieste, incluse, ma non solo, le richieste di dati per determinati prodotti e servizi;
7. per consentirvi di sottoscrivere informazioni di marketing e comunicazioni promozionali da parte nostra;
8. per consentirvi di candidarvi a un concorso o a una promozione o di diventare un beta tester;
9. per consentirvi di inviarci richieste di informazioni;
10. per effettuare analisi interne dei dati per aiutarci a capire come vengono utilizzati i nostri Servizi;
11. per garantire la sicurezza dei vostri dati;
12. per ottemperare alla legge e ad altre norme in base a determinate richieste provenienti da procedimenti giudiziari o da agenzie governative che hanno o pretendono di avere giurisdizione su Meross o sulle sue affiliate.
I Dati personali che vi vengono richiesti e i motivi per cui vi vengono richiesti vi saranno resi noti nel momento in cui vi chiediamo di fornire i vostri Dati personali.
Quali informazioni raccogliamo e come le utilizziamo?
Informazioni fornite dall'utente
Raccogliamo e memorizziamo tutte le informazioni che ci fornite consapevolmente. Ad esempio, attraverso il processo di registrazione e/o le impostazioni dell'account, possiamo raccogliere Dati personali quali l'indirizzo e-mail, la password, il nome utente, la data di nascita impostata dall'utente, la posizione, compreso il geo-fence, il codice del Paese/Regione impostato dall'utente e il fuso orario, l'url dei social media, i nomi dei gruppi e dei dispositivi, i nomi dei luoghi in cui si trovano i dispositivi, le immagini dei dispositivi o dei gruppi caricate dall'utente, i nomi delle App, i dettagli di configurazione delle App, le informazioni contenute nelle e-mail o nei messaggi inviati dall'utente. Potremmo raccogliere i dati di contatto della vostra azienda per fornirvi servizi a livello aziendale. Potremmo raccogliere i vostri interessi o hobby attraverso la vostra attività di utente quando interagite con noi o con il nostro Servizio, in modo da potervi capire meglio e fornirvi servizi migliori. Alcune informazioni possono essere richieste per registrarsi o utilizzare alcune delle nostre funzioni.
Per i Dati personali che ci fornite tramite l'app Meross con il vostro consenso esplicito nel sistema operativo del vostro dispositivo mobile, li elenchiamo di seguito in modo che possiate conoscerne i dettagli.
Identificatori
Sono compresi i Dati personali, come l'e-mail, il nome utente, la password, l'UID e le informazioni sul dispositivo. Include anche altre informazioni che potenzialmente potrebbero essere utilizzate per identificare l'utente, come i nomi e le immagini che l'utente associa agli utenti dell'account, la sua posizione, i dispositivi, le scene, i dettagli di configurazione del dispositivo, le informazioni demografiche.
Posizione
L'app Meross ha bisogno della vostra posizione precisa per scansionare i dispositivi vicini durante il processo di configurazione. Sia la posizione precisa che quella approssimativa funzioneranno per gli orari impostati, se presenti. L'app Meross utilizza questa posizione anche per garantire le funzionalità dell'app, come l'ora del dispositivo, il servizio meteo, l'esecuzione della routine locale e il controllo locale.
Foto e video
Meross chiederà il permesso di accedere a foto e video solo quando si cercherà di caricare foto per l'icona del dispositivo o per l'avatar del Forum.
Archiviazione
È essenziale per le prestazioni dell'applicazione Meross, in quanto consente di leggere e scrivere dati, come la cache e i registri.
Fotocamera
È necessaria quando si cerca di scattare foto e caricarle sull'app Meross.
Notifica
È necessaria quando si utilizzano dispositivi con funzioni di avviso, come gli avvisi dell'apertura della porta del garage, dei sensori e dei termostati. Le informazioni di cui avete bisogno vengono visualizzate anche nella sezione Forum e Hot Deal dell'app Meross.
Bluetooth
Dopo aver attivato l'autorizzazione, è possibile attivare le funzioni Bluetooth, tra cui il controllo dei dispositivi Meross, l'acquisizione dello stato, la scoperta e la configurazione dei dispositivi Meross. In queste funzioni, comunicheremo con il dispositivo Meross tramite Bluetooth in questi scenari: visualizzare lo stato del dispositivo nella pagina iniziale, eseguire il controllo del dispositivo nella pagina iniziale, scoprire i dispositivi Meross nella pagina iniziale e aggiungere dispositivi Meross.
Rete locale
I dispositivi Meross possono essere controllati localmente proprio come il controllo Homekit. Abbiamo bisogno di questa autorizzazione per scoprire i dispositivi locali ed eseguire i comandi di base per il controllo dei dispositivi.
HomeKit (solo per iOS)
Dopo aver abilitato i permessi HomeKit, è possibile attivare le funzioni correlate, tra cui la scoperta dei dispositivi Meross, l'abilitazione della configurazione di rete dei dispositivi, il controllo dei dispositivi Meross e la verifica dello stato dei dispositivi. Tra queste funzioni, elaboreremo i dati con l'app "Home" fornita con il sistema iOS attraverso HomeKit in questi scenari: scoperta dei dispositivi HomeKit sulla pagina iniziale, configurazione e controllo della rete di dispositivi HomeKit.
Informazioni raccolte automaticamente
Ogni volta che l'utente interagisce con i nostri Servizi (tramite un'applicazione mobile, il nostro plugin IoT, un servizio di terze parti, un'App, un browser o un'altra applicazione, collegando un dispositivo fisico ai nostri servizi, collegando un servizio di terze parti ai nostri servizi o in altro modo), possiamo raccogliere e memorizzare automaticamente informazioni sui nostri server, registri e database dal browser, dall'applicazione, dai servizi o dai dispositivi dell'utente. In particolare, i nostri Servizi sono progettati per consentire all'utente di collegare vari dispositivi fisici (ad esempio, la Smart Plug, la Smart Bulb, lo Smart Switch, ecc.) ai Servizi. Mentre sono connessi ai Servizi, questi dispositivi comunicano automaticamente informazioni ai nostri server (comprese le informazioni che l'utente può aver fornito al momento dell'impostazione o della configurazione del dispositivo), che possono includere Dati personali. Ad esempio, il nome del dispositivo, la posizione del dispositivo, il numero di modello, la versione del firmware, la versione dell'hardware, il modello di chipset, l'UUID, l'UID, l'ora di attivazione, l'ora online, i record di abbandono, i record di riconnessione, la frequenza di apertura delle app, i registri degli arresti anomali e i parametri delle impostazioni.
Altre informazioni raccolte automaticamente attraverso i mezzi di cui sopra possono includere l'indirizzo IP, l'indirizzo MAC, i dettagli sulla posizione, le informazioni sui "cookie", il tipo di dispositivo, gli identificatori univoci del dispositivo, gli identificatori pubblicitari, il dispositivo mobile, il sistema operativo, il tipo di browser, le informazioni demografiche, l'applicazione e/o il/i dispositivo/i utilizzato/i per accedere ai nostri Servizi, i percorsi di clic, l'identità della pagina o della funzione richiesta o con cui si interagisce, il tempo trascorso sulla pagina e altri indicatori di come si interagisce con i Servizi. I "cookie" sono identificatori che trasferiamo al dispositivo dell'utente e che ci permettono di riconoscere il browser, l'applicazione o il dispositivo dell'utente e ci dicono come e quando le varie pagine e funzioni dei nostri Servizi vengono visitate o utilizzate e da quante persone.
È possibile modificare le preferenze del browser, dell'applicazione o del dispositivo per impedire o limitare l'accettazione dei cookie da parte del dispositivo, ma ciò potrebbe impedire di usufruire di alcune delle nostre funzioni. Inoltre, si noti che i nostri sistemi attualmente non riconoscono o rispondono ai segnali "Do Not Track" dei browser.
Informazioni raccolte da terzi
Se l'utente utilizza i nostri Servizi con credenziali di account di terzi (ad esempio, quando utilizza il nostro servizio di plugin IoT, le sue credenziali di accesso a Facebook, Google o altri siti di terzi).  Potremmo raccogliere Dati personali da questi ultimi. I Dati personali raccolti dall'account di terzi possono dipendere dalle impostazioni sulla privacy dell'account di terzi.
Per i social media, potrebbero essere raccolte informazioni quali il nome, l'indirizzo e-mail, il sesso e l'età.  Se ci fornite le credenziali del vostro account di terzi, siete consapevoli che alcuni contenuti e/o informazioni di tali account ("Informazioni dell'account di terzi") potrebbero essere trasmessi al vostro account di Meross. Se l'utente autorizza tali trasmissioni, le Informazioni sull'account di terzi trasmesse ai nostri Servizi sono coperte dalla presente Informativa sulla privacy; ad esempio, avatar, informazioni sul profilo, immagini, amici e altre informazioni autorizzate.
Per i negozi online e i negozi al dettaglio, se acquistate i nostri Servizi e li recensite, siete consapevoli che potremmo raccogliere informazioni quali il vostro acquisto, il vostro feedback e le vostre recensioni. Tali informazioni sono coperte dalla presente Informativa sulla privacy.
Raccogliamo informazioni da terze parti solo se abbiamo verificato che queste terze parti abbiano il consenso dell'utente o siano altrimenti autorizzate o obbligate per legge a rivelarci i suoi Dati personali.
Come trattiamo e utilizziamo le informazioni?
La raccolta delle informazioni sopra descritte ci consente di capire meglio chi utilizza i nostri Servizi e quali contenuti e/o funzionalità sono rilevanti e di interesse per l'utente. Raccogliamo inoltre informazioni per fornirvi gli aggiornamenti e l'assistenza appropriati e per migliorare i nostri Servizi.
Possiamo anonimizzare i vostri Dati personali in modo che non possiate essere identificati individualmente e fornire tali informazioni ai nostri partner o utilizzarle per attività di marketing o promozionali ("informazioni aggregate"). Possiamo anche fornire informazioni aggregate ai nostri partner, che possono utilizzarle per capire la frequenza e le modalità di utilizzo dei nostri Servizi. Tuttavia, ad eccezione di quanto descritto di seguito, non divulghiamo informazioni aggregate a un partner in modo tale da identificare l'utente come persona fisica.
Possiamo condividere le informazioni con le organizzazioni di cui sotto o per gli scopi di cui sotto:
Inserzionisti
Possiamo consentire agli inserzionisti e/o ai partner commerciali ("Inserzionisti") di scegliere gli utenti che vedranno le loro pubblicità e/o offerte promozionali. L'utente accetta che possiamo fornire qualsiasi informazione aggregata che abbiamo raccolto da lui in forma non identificabile a un inserzionista, affinché quest'ultimo possa selezionare il pubblico appropriato per tali pubblicità e/o offerte ("Pubblicità mirata"). Ad esempio, potremmo utilizzare il fatto che l'utente si trovi a San Francisco per mostrargli annunci o offerte di aziende di San Francisco, ma non diremo a tali aziende chi è l'utente.
Per conoscere le vostre opzioni relative ai cookie e ad altre tecnologie, nonché le modalità di rinuncia alla pubblicità mirata, scorrere fino a - I vostri diritti e le vostre scelte.
Partner, aziende affiliate
In determinate situazioni, i partner e le aziende a cui siamo affiliati ("Aziende affiliate") possono vendere articoli o fornire servizi all'utente attraverso i Servizi (da soli o insieme a noi), compresa la rivendita o la fornitura gratuita di dispositivi Meross, la fornitura di dispositivi di terzi o la fornitura di App uniche o personalizzate. È possibile riconoscere quando un'azienda affiliata è associata a una transazione o a un servizio di questo tipo in base alla presenza del suo marchio o a una transazione condotta direttamente con l'azienda affiliata. Condivideremo i vostri Dati personali con l'azienda affiliata solo nella misura in cui sono correlati a tale transazione o servizio e nella misura in cui avete esplicitamente accettato termini aggiuntivi con tale azienda affiliata in cui riconoscete e ci autorizzate a condividere i vostri Dati personali. Questi termini aggiuntivi possono essere presentati come parte di offerte promozionali (sul sito dell'azienda affiliata o su proprietà a marchio Meross, compreso il nostro sito commerciale shop.meross.com, o all'interno di fasi di configurazione personalizzate che appaiono nei Servizi. Non abbiamo alcun controllo sulle politiche e sulle pratiche delle aziende affiliate in materia di privacy o altro, pertanto se si sceglie di partecipare a una transazione o a un servizio relativo a un'azienda affiliata, si consiglia di esaminare le politiche di tali aziende o siti web. Se decidete di non voler più condividere i Dati personali con un'azienda affiliata, potreste non avere più diritto a ricevere determinati vantaggi dall'azienda affiliata o ad accedere ai Servizi senza dover creare un nuovo account o rapporto con Meross.
Agenti
Impieghiamo altre società e persone per svolgere attività per nostro conto e abbiamo bisogno di condividere i vostri dati con loro per fornirvi i nostri prodotti o servizi. A meno che non vi informiamo diversamente, i nostri agenti non hanno alcun diritto di utilizzare i Dati personali che condividiamo con loro al di là di quanto necessario per assisterci come indicato nella presente Informativa sulla privacy.
Trasferimenti di attività
Possiamo decidere di acquistare o vendere attività. In questo tipo di transazioni, le informazioni sui clienti sono tipicamente uno dei beni aziendali che verrebbero trasferiti. Inoltre, se noi (o i nostri beni) venissimo acquisiti, o se uscissimo dall'azienda, andassimo in bancarotta o subissimo un altro cambiamento di controllo, i Dati personali sarebbero uno dei beni trasferiti o acquisiti da una terza parte.
Protezione di Meross e di altri
Ci riserviamo il diritto di accedere, leggere, conservare e divulgare qualsiasi informazione che riteniamo ragionevolmente necessaria per ottemperare alla legge o a un ordine del tribunale; far rispettare o applicare le nostre condizioni d'uso e altri accordi; o proteggere i diritti, la proprietà o la sicurezza di Meross, dei nostri dipendenti, dei nostri utenti o di altri. Ciò include lo scambio di informazioni con altre società e organizzazioni per la protezione dalle frodi e la riduzione del rischio di credito.
Servizi di terze parti
I nostri Servizi possono contenere funzioni o link a siti web e servizi forniti da terzi. Se cliccate su un link a un sito di terzi, verrete portati su siti web che non controlliamo. Qualsiasi informazione fornita dall'utente su siti o servizi di terzi può essere fornita direttamente agli operatori di tali servizi ed è soggetta alle politiche di tali operatori, se esistenti, che regolano la privacy e la sicurezza, anche se vi si accede tramite noi. La presente Informativa sulla privacy non si applica alle pratiche sulla privacy di tali siti web. Leggere attentamente le norme sulla privacy di altri siti web. Non siamo responsabili di questi siti o servizi di terzi ai quali vengono forniti collegamenti o accessi attraverso i nostri Servizi.
Inoltre, i nostri partner terzi, compresi i partner pubblicitari (discussi di seguito), possono utilizzare web beacon, o trasmettere cookie e leggere i cookie dal browser, dall'applicazione o dal dispositivo dell'utente durante la visita o l'utilizzo dei nostri Servizi (incluso, a titolo esemplificativo, per raccogliere informazioni in relazione al programma Google Trusted Stores o Google Demographics and Interests). La presente Informativa sulla privacy non copre l'uso dei cookie da parte di terzi. Assicurarsi di aver compreso la politica privata di tali terze parti. Per conoscere le altre opzioni a disposizione, scorrere fino a - Quali scelte ho?
I dati personali che mi riguardano sono sicuri?
Il vostro account è protetto da una password o da un codice PIN per la vostra privacy e sicurezza. Se si accede al proprio account tramite un sito o un servizio di terze parti, è possibile che il sito o il servizio di terze parti disponga di protezioni di accesso aggiuntive o diverse. L'utente deve prevenire l'accesso non autorizzato al proprio account e ai propri Dati personali selezionando e proteggendo in modo appropriato la propria password, il numero PIN e/o altri meccanismi di accesso e limitando l'accesso al proprio computer o dispositivo e al browser o all'applicazione, spegnendo il browser dopo aver terminato l'accesso al proprio account.
Ci impegniamo a proteggere la privacy del vostro account e degli altri Dati personali in nostro possesso, ma non possiamo garantire la completa sicurezza. L'accesso o l'uso non autorizzato, i guasti hardware o software e altri fattori possono compromettere la sicurezza delle informazioni dell'utente in qualsiasi momento. Provvederemo a segnalarlo all'autorità di regolamentazione e a informare l'utente entro 72 ore una volta che avremo saputo che ciò è accaduto, ai sensi della normativa GDPR.
Trasferimento dei dati
Siamo imprese transnazionali.  Potremmo trasferire i dati personali dell'utente a destinatari in paesi diversi dal paese dell'utente. Questi paesi potrebbero non avere le stesse leggi sulla protezione dei dati del paese in cui avete fornito inizialmente le informazioni. Quando trasferiamo i vostri Dati personali in altri paesi, continueremo a proteggere tali informazioni come descritto nella presente Informativa sulla privacy.  Utilizzando i nostri Servizi o fornendo i vostri Dati personali, laddove la legge applicabile lo consenta, accettate il trasferimento, l'elaborazione e l'archiviazione dei vostri Dati personali al di fuori del vostro paese di residenza.
Se l'utente si trova nello Spazio Economico Europeo ("SEE"), rispettiamo i requisiti legali applicabili che prevedono adeguate garanzie per il trasferimento dei Dati personali in paesi diversi da quello in cui si trova l'utente. In particolare, utilizziamo protezioni contrattuali per il trasferimento di Dati personali a terzi, come le Clausole contrattuali standard della Commissione europea.
Conservazione dei dati personali
Conserveremo i vostri Dati personali solo per adempiere agli scopi per cui sono stati raccolti, come richiesto per scopi commerciali legittimi come descritto nella presente Informativa sulla privacy, o altrimenti consentito dalla legge. Quando non avremo più bisogno di utilizzare i Dati personali o quando l'utente ne richiederà l'eliminazione, li rimuoveremo dai nostri sistemi e registri e/o adotteremo misure per renderli anonimi in modo che l'utente non possa più essere identificato da essi.
Per determinare il periodo di conservazione appropriato per i Dati personali, consideriamo la quantità, la natura e la sensibilità dei Dati personali, il rischio potenziale di danni derivanti dall'uso o dalla divulgazione non autorizzata dei Dati personali, gli scopi per i quali trattiamo i Dati personali e se possiamo raggiungere tali scopi con altri mezzi, e i requisiti legali applicabili.
Diritti e scelte dell'utente
Dati personali a cui potete accedere
Attraverso l'account e le impostazioni del Servizio, l'utente può richiedere l'accesso e, in alcuni casi, la modifica o l'eliminazione delle seguenti informazioni che ci ha fornito, che possono includere:
1. Nome utente e password/PIN
2. Indirizzo e-mail
3. Informazioni sulla posizione, sul gruppo e sul dispositivo
4. Informazioni sul profilo utente
5. Informazioni sull'app
Le informazioni che l'utente può visualizzare, aggiornare ed eliminare possono cambiare con l'evoluzione dei Servizi. In caso di domande sulla visualizzazione, l'aggiornamento o l'eliminazione delle informazioni che abbiamo in archivio su di voi, contattateci all'indirizzo
privacy@meross.com
.
Scelte possibili
E-mail di marketing:
Ogni volta che decidete di non ricevere informazioni di marketing da noi, potete indicare la vostra preferenza facendo clic su "annulla l'iscrizione" o "aggiorna le preferenze di iscrizione" alle comunicazioni a livello di servizio che riteniamo fondamentali per l'utilizzo dei Servizi. Si noti che se si annulla l'iscrizione alle nostre e-mail, non sarà possibile ricevere alcuna promozione o altre informazioni di marketing finché non ci si iscrive nuovamente. È inoltre possibile concedere e revocare il consenso alla ricezione di e-mail di marketing nell'app Meross > Utente > Abbonamento e-mail di marketing.
Cookie:
Se si desidera non accettare più l'uso di determinati cookie, la funzione "Aiuto" della maggior parte dei browser consente di disabilitare i cookie esistenti e di non ricevere più quelli futuri.
E-mail di comunicazione:
Ogni volta che si decide di non ricevere comunicazioni da parte nostra, è possibile indicare la propria preferenza facendo clic su "annulla l'iscrizione a questa lista" o "aggiorna la preferenza di iscrizione" in fondo all'e-mail ricevuta. Si prega di notare che se si annulla l'iscrizione alle nostre e-mail, non sarà possibile ricevere aggiornamenti e feedback sulle proprie domande o altre informazioni di comunicazione finché non ci si iscrive nuovamente.
Servizi:
Potete sempre scegliere di non divulgare informazioni, ma tenete presente che alcune informazioni potrebbero essere necessarie per registrarvi o per usufruire di alcune delle nostre funzioni speciali o dei Servizi in qualsiasi forma.
È possibile richiedere l'aggiunta, l'aggiornamento o la cancellazione dei Dati personali nell'app Meross andando su Utente > Account. Quando si aggiornano le informazioni, tuttavia, potremmo conservare una copia delle informazioni non modificate nei nostri archivi. È inoltre possibile richiedere la cancellazione del proprio account inviando un'e-mail all'indirizzo
privacy@meross.com
. Si prega di notare che alcune informazioni potrebbero rimanere nei nostri archivi anche dopo la cancellazione dell'utente, al fine di soddisfare specifiche esigenze aziendali e normative e/o rispettare i requisiti di conservazione di tali informazioni dal suo account. Possiamo utilizzare qualsiasi dato anonimo o aggregato derivato da o che incorpora i vostri Dati personali dopo la vostra richiesta di aggiornamento o cancellazione, ma non in modo da identificarvi personalmente.
Se concedete un'autorizzazione, quando utilizzate l'app Meross ci autorizzate a raccogliere e utilizzare i relativi Dati personali per fornirvi i servizi corrispondenti. Una volta che l'utente disattiva un'autorizzazione, la considereremo come una cancellazione dell'autorizzazione e non continueremo più a raccogliere i Dati personali in base alle autorizzazioni corrispondenti, e le relative funzioni potrebbero essere terminate. Tuttavia, la decisione di revocare l'autorizzazione non influirà sulla raccolta e sull'utilizzo dei dati in base all'autorizzazione precedente. È possibile richiedere la cancellazione dei propri Dati personali introdotti come sopra.
I vostri diritti di privacy in California
Ai sensi delle sezioni 1798.83-1798.84 del Codice Civile della California, i residenti in California hanno il diritto di chiederci un avviso che identifichi le categorie di Dati personali che condividiamo con le nostre affiliate e/o terze parti per scopi di marketing e che fornisca le informazioni di contatto di tali affiliate e/o terze parti. Se siete residenti in California e desiderate una copia di questo avviso o volete richiedere che ci asteniamo dal condividere i vostri dati personali con terze parti per scopi di marketing, siete pregati di inviare una richiesta scritta a:
Meross Technology Co., Ltd.
Piano 3, Edificio A5, ShiJiCheng Road No. 1129, Gaoxin, Free Trade Trial Zone, Chengdu, Cina.
Aggiornamento e modifica della presente Informativa sulla privacy
Cerchiamo costantemente di migliorare i nostri Servizi, per cui potremmo dover modificare di tanto in tanto anche la presente Informativa sulla privacy. pubblicheremo qui la versione rivista, con la data di revisione aggiornata. Si consiglia di visitare periodicamente queste pagine per essere a conoscenza e prendere visione di tali revisioni. Inoltre, vi avviseremo delle modifiche inserendo un avviso sui Servizi e/o inviandovi un'e-mail, a meno che non siamo in possesso del vostro indirizzo e-mail. Tali avvisi continueranno a disciplinare l'uso dei Servizi da parte dell'utente, che è tenuto a leggerli e comprenderli. L'utente è vincolato da eventuali modifiche all'Informativa sulla privacy quando utilizza i Servizi dopo la pubblicazione di tali modifiche. L'utilizzo delle informazioni raccolte è soggetto all'Informativa sulla privacy in vigore nel momento in cui tali informazioni vengono utilizzate.
Come contattarci
In caso di domande o dubbi sulla nostra Informativa sulla privacy, inviateci un messaggio dettagliato all'indirizzo
privacy@meross.com
e cercheremo di risolvere i vostri dubbi.
Politique de confidentialité
Mise à jour : 18 juillet 2022
Date d'entrée en vigueur : 25 juillet 2022
Chengdu Meross Technology Co., Ltd. et ses sociétés affiliées et filiales (collectivement, "Meross", "nous", "notre" ou "nos") s'engagent à protéger votre vie privée et nous prenons votre vie privée au sérieux. La présente Politique privée couvre pourquoi, quoi et comment nous collectons, stockons, utilisons, partageons, transférons et traitons autrement les Données personnelles de tout visiteur de site Web, client consommateur, utilisateur d'application et autre individu qui utilise nos services et interagit avec nous (collectivement, " vous ", " vous-même " ou " votre "). Nous vous demandons de lire la présente Politique privée avant d'utiliser notre ou nos sites Web, produits, services, applications mobiles, plugins IoT et autres logiciels (collectivement, les " Services "). Dans cette Politique Privée, vous trouverez également comment exercer vos droits d'accès, de mise à jour et de suppression de vos Données Personnelles ainsi que comment accorder et retirer le consentement aux abonnements marketing.
En utilisant ou en accédant à nos Services de quelque manière que ce soit, vous reconnaissez que vous acceptez et consentez aux pratiques et politiques décrites dans la présente Politique de confidentialité, et vous consentez par la présente à ce que nous recueillions, utilisions et partagions vos informations de la manière suivante.
N'oubliez pas que votre utilisation de nos Services est à tout moment soumise aux
Conditions d'utilisation
, qui intègrent la présente Politique de confidentialité. Tous les termes que nous utilisons dans la présente Politique de confidentialité sans les définir ont les définitions qui leur sont données dans les
Conditions d'utilisation
.
Si vous vous trouvez dans l'Espace économique européen (" EEE "), pour le Règlement général sur la protection des données 2016/679 de l'UE (" RGPD "), le contrôleur de données est Meross. Si vous avez des questions ou des préoccupations, n'hésitez pas à nous contacter à l'adresse
privacy@meross.com
.
Que couvre la présente politique de confidentialité ?
Cette politique de confidentialité couvre notre traitement des informations personnellement identifiables ("Données personnelles") que nous recueillons lorsque vous accédez à nos Services ou les utilisez, mais pas les pratiques des sociétés que nous ne possédons pas ou ne contrôlons pas, ou des personnes que nous ne gérons pas. Tous les messages, réponses, surnoms, avatars dans notre Forum seront considérés comme des informations publiques, et non comme des Données Personnelles, et veuillez NE PAS partager vos Données Personnelles dans le Forum puisque tous les utilisateurs de la communauté pourront accéder à vos messages, réponses, surnoms, avatars sans aucune limitation. Ces informations ne seront donc pas couvertes par la présente politique de confidentialité. Veuillez lire le Code de conduite avant d'utiliser le Forum.
Politique de confidentialité pour les enfants
Comme indiqué dans les
conditions d'utilisation
, nous ne collectons ni ne sollicitons sciemment des données personnelles auprès de personnes âgées de moins de 16 ans. Si vous avez moins de 16 ans, veuillez ne pas essayer de vous inscrire aux Services ou de nous envoyer des Données personnelles vous concernant. Si nous apprenons que nous avons recueilli par inadvertance des données personnelles d'un enfant de moins de 16 ans, nous supprimerons rapidement ces données personnelles de notre système. Si vous pensez qu'un enfant de moins de 16 ans a pu nous fournir des données personnelles, veuillez nous contacter à l'adresse
privacy@meross.com
.
Pourquoi collectons-nous des informations ?
Nous recueillons divers types de données personnelles auprès de nos utilisateurs, comme expliqué plus en détail ci-dessous. Nous le faisons parce qu'il est nécessaire d'exécuter les obligations contractuelles que nous avons envers vous et pour nos intérêts légitimes de fournir des produits et services, de maintenir notre relation avec vous et de protéger notre entreprise. Si vous choisissez de ne pas nous fournir les Données personnelles dont nous avons besoin pour vous fournir un produit ou un service, nous ne serons pas en mesure de le faire. Nous utilisons ces Données personnelles dans le cadre de nos Services, notamment :
1. pour vous permettre de créer un compte d'utilisateur, un profil, et de configurer nosproduits ;
2. pour vous permettre de publier des évaluations et des critiques de divers produits et services par courriel ou par l'application Meross ;
3. pour fournir la fonctionnalité de base de nos produits et services ;
4. pour personnaliser et améliorer nos services ;
5. pour vous contacter, vous informer des mises à jour et répondre à vos commentaires et demandes d'aide ;
6. pour répondre à vos demandes, y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, les demandes de données, pour certains produits et services ;
7. pour vous permettre de vous abonner à des informations commerciales et à des avis de promotion de notre part ;
8. pour vous permettre de participer à un concours ou à une promotion ou de devenir un bêta-testeur ;
9. pour vous permettre de nous soumettre des demandes de renseignements ;
10. pour effectuer une analyse interne des données afin de nous aider à comprendre comment nos services sont utilisés ;
11. pour assurer la sécurité de vos données ;
12. pour nous conformer à la loi et à d'autres normes en vertu de certaines demandes émanant de procédures judiciaires ou d'organismes gouvernementaux ayant ou prétendant avoir compétence sur Meross ou ses sociétés affiliées.
Les données personnelles que l'on vous demande de fournir, et les raisons pour lesquelles on vous demande de les fournir, vous seront clairement indiquées au moment où nous vous demanderons de fournir vos données personnelles.
Quelles informations recueillons-nous et comment les utilisons-nous ?
Informations que vous nous fournissez
Nous collectons et stockons toutes les informations que vous nous fournissez en toute connaissance de cause. Par exemple, par le biais du processus d'inscription et/ou des paramètres de votre compte, nous pouvons collecter des Données personnelles telles que votre adresse e-mail, votre mot de passe, votre nom d'utilisateur, l'anniversaire que vous avez défini, votre emplacement, y compris la géo-barrière, le code de pays/région que vous avez défini et le fuseau horaire, l'url des médias sociaux, les noms des groupes et des appareils, les noms des emplacements des appareils, les images des appareils ou des groupes que vous téléchargez, les noms des Apps, les détails de la configuration des Apps, les informations contenues dans les e-mails ou les messages que vous nous envoyez. Nous pouvons collecter vos coordonnées professionnelles afin de vous fournir des services au niveau professionnel. Nous pouvons collecter vos intérêts ou hobbies via votre activité d'utilisateur lorsque vous interagissez avec nous ou notre Service afin de mieux vous comprendre et de vous fournir de meilleurs services. Certaines informations peuvent être requises pour s'inscrire ou utiliser certaines de nos fonctionnalités.
Pour les Données personnelles que vous nous fournissez via l'appli Meross avec votre consentement affirmatif dans votre système d'exploitation de votre appareil mobile, nous les listons ci-dessous afin que vous puissiez en connaître les détails.
Identifiants
Cela comprend les données personnelles telles que l'adresse électronique, le nom d'utilisateur, le mot de passe, l'UID et les informations sur les appareils. Cela inclut également d'autres informations qui pourraient potentiellement être utilisées pour vous identifier, telles que les noms et les images que vous associez aux utilisateurs du compte, vos emplacements, vos appareils, vos scènes, les détails de configuration des appareils, les informations démographiques.
Localisation
L'application Meross a besoin de votre emplacement précis pour scanner les appareils à proximité pendant le processus d'installation. L'emplacement précis et l'emplacement approximatif fonctionnent tous deux pour les horaires que vous avez définis, le cas échéant. L'application Meross utilise également cet emplacement pour garantir la fonctionnalité de l'application, comme l'heure de l'appareil, le service météo, l'exécution de la routine locale et le contrôle local.
Photos et vidéos
Meross ne vous demandera l'autorisation d'accéder aux photos et aux vidéos que lorsque vous tenterez de télécharger des photos pour l'icône de votre appareil ou l'avatar de votre forum.
Stockage
Cet élément est essentiel pour que l'application Meross puisse fonctionner en lisant et en écrivant des données, comme le cache et les journaux.
Appareil photo
Cette option est nécessaire lorsque vous essayez de prendre des photos et de les télécharger sur l'application Meross.
Notification
Cette information est nécessaire lorsque vous utilisez des appareils dotés de fonctions d'alerte, comme les alertes de l'ouvre-porte de garage, des capteurs et des thermostats. Nous vous notifions également les informations dont vous avez besoin dans la section Forum et Hot Deal de l'application Meross.
Bluetooth
Vous pouvez activer les fonctions Bluetooth après avoir activé l'autorisation, notamment le contrôle des appareils Meross, l'acquisition de l'état, la découverte et la configuration des appareils Meross. Dans ces fonctions, nous communiquerons avec le dispositif Meross via Bluetooth dans les scénarios suivants : afficher l'état du dispositif sur la page d'accueil, effectuer le contrôle du dispositif sur la page d'accueil, découvrir les dispositifs Meross sur la page d'accueil et ajouter des dispositifs Meross.
Réseau local
Comme les appareils Meross peuvent être contrôlés localement, tout comme le contrôle Homekit. Nous avons besoin de cette autorisation pour découvrir les appareils locaux et effectuer les commandes de contrôle des appareils de base.
HomeKit (pour iOS uniquement)
Vous pouvez activer les fonctions connexes après avoir activé les autorisations HomeKit, notamment la découverte des appareils Meross, l'activation de la configuration du réseau des appareils, le contrôle des appareils Meross et la vérification de l'état des appareils. Parmi ces fonctions, nous traiterons les données avec l'App " Home " fournie avec le système iOS par le biais de HomeKit dans ces scénarios : découverte des appareils HomeKit sur la page d'accueil, configuration et contrôle du réseau des appareils HomeKit.
Informations collectées automatiquement
Chaque fois que vous interagissez avec nos Services (que ce soit par le biais d'une application mobile, de notre plugin IoT, d'un service tiers, d'une App, d'un navigateur ou d'une autre application, en connectant un appareil physique à nos services, en connectant un service tiers à nos services, ou autrement), nous pouvons collecter et stocker automatiquement des informations sur nos serveurs, journaux et bases de données à partir de votre navigateur, application, services ou appareil(s). En particulier, nos Services sont conçus pour vous permettre de connecter divers dispositifs physiques (par exemple, la prise intelligente Meross, l'ampoule intelligente, l'interrupteur intelligent, etc.) aux Services. Lorsqu'ils sont connectés aux Services, ces dispositifs communiquent automatiquement des informations à nos serveurs (y compris les informations que vous avez pu fournir lors de l'installation ou de la configuration de ce dispositif), qui peuvent inclure des Données personnelles. Tels que le nom de l'appareil, l'emplacement de l'appareil, le numéro de modèle, la version du micrologiciel, la version du matériel, le modèle de chipset, l'UUID, l'UID, le temps d'activation, le temps en ligne, les enregistrements d'abandon, les enregistrements de reconnexion, la fréquence d'ouverture de l'application, les journaux de panne et les paramètres de configuration.
D'autres informations collectées automatiquement par les moyens susmentionnés peuvent inclure votre adresse IP, votre adresse MAC, les détails de votre localisation, les informations relatives aux "cookies", le type d'appareil, les identifiants uniques de l'appareil, les identifiants publicitaires, l'appareil mobile, le système d'exploitation, le type de navigateur, les informations démographiques, l'application et/ou le(s) appareil(s) que vous utilisez pour accéder à nos Services, les chemins de clics, l'identité de la page ou de la fonction que vous demandez ou avec laquelle vous interagissez, le temps passé sur la page et d'autres indicateurs de la façon dont vous interagissez avec les Services. Les "cookies" sont des identifiants que nous transférons à votre appareil et qui nous permettent de reconnaître votre navigateur, votre application ou votre appareil et nous indiquent comment et quand diverses pages et fonctionnalités de nos Services sont visitées ou utilisées et par combien de personnes.
Vous pouvez modifier les préférences de votre navigateur, application ou appareil pour empêcher ou limiter l'acceptation des cookies par votre appareil, mais cela peut vous empêcher de profiter de certaines de nos fonctionnalités. Veuillez également noter que nos systèmes ne reconnaissent pas ou ne répondent pas actuellement aux signaux "Do Not Track" des navigateurs.
Informations collectées auprès de tiers
Si vous utilisez nos Services avec des identifiants de compte tiers (par exemple, lorsque vous utilisez notre service de plugin IoT, vos identifiants de connexion à Facebook, Google ou d'autres sites tiers).  Nous sommes susceptibles de collecter des Données à caractère personnel auprès de ces derniers. Toute Donnée personnelle que nous collectons à partir de votre compte tiers peut dépendre des paramètres de confidentialité de votre compte tiers.
Pour les médias sociaux, des informations telles que votre nom, votre adresse électronique, votre sexe et votre âge peuvent être collectées.  Si vous nous fournissez vos identifiants de compte tiers, vous comprenez que certains contenus et/ou informations de ces comptes (" Informations de compte tiers ") peuvent être transmis dans votre compte de Meross. Si vous autorisez ces transmissions, et que les informations de compte tiers transmises à nos services sont couvertes par la présente politique de confidentialité ; par exemple, les avatars, les informations de profil, les images, les amis et autres informations autorisées.
Pour les boutiques en ligne et les magasins de détail, si vous achetez nos Services et passez en revue nos Services, vous comprenez que nous pouvons recueillir des informations telles que votre achat, vos commentaires et vos critiques. Ces informations sont couvertes par la présente politique de confidentialité.
Nous ne recueillons des informations auprès de tiers que lorsque nous avons vérifié que ces tiers ont votre consentement ou sont autrement légalement autorisés ou tenus de nous divulguer vos Données personnelles.
Comment traitons-nous et utilisons-nous les informations ?
La collecte des informations décrites ci-dessus nous permet de mieux comprendre qui utilise nos services et quel contenu et/ou quelle(s) fonctionnalité(s) vous intéresse(nt). Nous recueillons également des informations pour vous fournir la ou les mises à niveau et l'assistance appropriées et pour améliorer nos Services.
Nous pouvons rendre vos Données personnelles anonymes afin que vous ne puissiez pas être identifié individuellement, et fournir ces informations à nos partenaires ou utiliser ces informations pour des articles de marketing ou de promotion ("informations agrégées"). Nous pouvons également fournir des informations agrégées à nos partenaires qui peuvent utiliser ces informations pour comprendre la fréquence et les modalités d'utilisation de nos Services. Toutefois, sauf dans les cas décrits ci-dessous, nous ne divulguons pas d'informations globales à un partenaire d'une manière qui permettrait de vous identifier personnellement, en tant qu'individu.
Nous pouvons partager des informations avec les organisations ci-dessous ou pour les objectifs ci-dessous :
Annonceurs
Nous pouvons permettre aux annonceurs et/ou aux commerçants partenaires ("annonceurs") de choisir les utilisateurs qui verront leurs publicités et/ou leurs offres promotionnelles. Vous acceptez que nous puissions fournir à un annonceur les informations globales que nous avons recueillies auprès de vous sous une forme non identifiable personnellement, afin que cet annonceur puisse sélectionner le public approprié pour ces publicités et/ou offres ("publicité ciblée"). Par exemple, nous pouvons utiliser le fait que vous êtes situé à San Francisco pour vous montrer des publicités ou des offres destinées aux entreprises de San Francisco, mais nous ne dirons pas à ces entreprises qui vous êtes.
Pour en savoir plus sur vos options en matière de cookies et d'autres technologies, ainsi que sur la manière de refuser la publicité ciblée, allez à la rubrique Vos droits et vos choix.
Partenaires, entreprises affiliées
Dans certaines situations, des partenaires, des entreprises auxquelles nous sommes affiliés ("Entreprises affiliées") peuvent vendre des articles ou vous fournir des services par l'intermédiaire des Services (seuls ou conjointement avec nous), notamment en revendant ou en fournissant gratuitement des appareils Meross, en fournissant des appareils tiers ou en livrant des Apps uniques ou personnalisées. Vous pouvez reconnaître quand une Entreprise affiliée est associée à une telle transaction ou un tel service en fonction de la présence de sa marque ou d'une transaction que vous effectuez directement avec cette Entreprise affiliée. Nous partagerons vos Données personnelles avec cette Entreprise affiliée uniquement dans la mesure où elles sont liées à cette transaction ou à ce service, et dans la mesure où vous avez explicitement accepté des conditions supplémentaires avec cette Entreprise affiliée par lesquelles vous reconnaissez et autorisez le partage de vos Données personnelles. Ces conditions supplémentaires peuvent être présentées dans le cadre d'offres promotionnelles (soit sur le site des Entreprises affiliées, soit sur les propriétés de la marque Meross, y compris notre site de commerce à shop.meross.com, ou dans le cadre d'étapes de configuration personnalisées qui apparaissent dans les Services. Nous n'avons aucun contrôle sur les politiques et les pratiques des Entreprises affiliées en matière de confidentialité ou autre, aussi, si vous choisissez de prendre part à une transaction ou à un service lié à une Entreprise affiliée, veuillez consulter les politiques de ces entreprises ou sites Web. Si vous décidez de ne plus partager vos données personnelles avec une entreprise affiliée, il se peut que vous ne soyez plus en droit de recevoir certains avantages de l'entreprise affiliée ou d'avoir accès aux services sans avoir à créer un nouveau compte ou une nouvelle relation avec Meross.
Agents
Nous employons d'autres sociétés et personnes pour effectuer des tâches en notre nom et devons partager vos informations avec elles pour vous fournir nos produits ou services. Sauf indication contraire de notre part, nos agents n'ont pas le droit d'utiliser les données personnelles que nous partageons avec eux au-delà de ce qui est nécessaire pour nous aider comme indiqué dans la présente politique de confidentialité.
Transferts d'activités
Nous pouvons choisir d'acheter ou de vendre des actifs. Dans ces types de transactions, les informations sur les clients sont généralement l'un des actifs commerciaux qui seraient transférés. De même, si nous (ou nos actifs) sommes acquis, ou si nous cessons nos activités, faisons faillite ou subissons un autre changement de contrôle, les données personnelles seront l'un des actifs transférés ou acquis par un tiers.
Protection de Meross et d'autres personnes
Nous nous réservons le droit d'accéder, de lire, de conserver et de divulguer toute information que nous jugeons raisonnablement nécessaire pour nous conformer à la loi ou à une ordonnance du tribunal, pour faire respecter ou appliquer nos conditions d'utilisation et autres accords, ou pour protéger les droits, la propriété ou la sécurité de Meross, de nos employés, de nos utilisateurs ou d'autres personnes. Cela inclut l'échange d'informations avec d'autres sociétés et organisations pour la protection contre la fraude et la réduction du risque de crédit.
Services de tiers
Nos services peuvent contenir des fonctionnalités ou des liens vers des sites web et des services fournis par des tiers. Si vous cliquez sur un lien vers un site tiers, vous serez dirigé vers des sites web que nous ne contrôlons pas. Toute information que vous fournissez sur des sites ou services tiers peut être fournie directement aux opérateurs de ces services et est soumise aux politiques de ces opérateurs, le cas échéant, régissant la confidentialité et la sécurité, même si vous y accédez par notre intermédiaire. La présente politique de confidentialité ne s'applique pas aux pratiques de confidentialité de ce site web. Lisez attentivement la politique de confidentialité des autres sites web. Nous ne sommes pas responsables de ces sites ou services tiers vers lesquels des liens ou des accès sont fournis par nos Services.
En outre, nos partenaires tiers, y compris les partenaires publicitaires (abordés ci-dessous), peuvent utiliser des balises Web, ou transmettre des cookies et lire les cookies de votre navigateur, application ou appareil lorsque vous visitez ou utilisez nos Services (notamment pour recueillir des informations dans le cadre du programme Google Trusted Stores ou de Google Demographics and Interests). La présente politique de confidentialité ne couvre pas l'utilisation des cookies par des tiers. Veuillez vous assurer que vous comprenez la politique de confidentialité de ce tiers. Pour en savoir plus sur les autres options dont vous disposez, consultez la rubrique "Quels sont mes choix ?
Les données personnelles me concernant sont-elles sécurisées ?
Votre compte est protégé par un mot de passe ou un code PIN pour votre confidentialité et votre sécurité. Si vous accédez à votre compte par le biais d'un site ou d'un service tiers, il se peut que vous disposiez de protections de connexion supplémentaires ou différentes via ce site ou service tiers. Vous devez empêcher tout accès non autorisé à votre compte et à vos données personnelles en choisissant et en protégeant votre mot de passe, votre code PIN et/ou tout autre mécanisme de connexion de manière appropriée et en limitant l'accès à votre ordinateur ou appareil et à votre navigateur ou application en vous déconnectant après avoir fini d'accéder à votre compte.
Nous nous efforçons de protéger la confidentialité de votre compte et des autres Données personnelles que nous détenons dans nos dossiers, mais nous ne pouvons pas garantir une sécurité totale. Une entrée ou une utilisation non autorisée, une défaillance matérielle ou logicielle, et d'autres facteurs, peuvent compromettre la sécurité des informations de l'utilisateur à tout moment. Nous nous assurerons de signaler à l'organisme de réglementation et de vous informer dans les 72 heures une fois que nous savons que cela se produit en vertu de la réglementation du GDPR.
Transfert de données
Nous sommes des entreprises transnationales.  Nous pouvons transférer vos données personnelles à des destinataires dans des pays autres que votre pays. Ces pays peuvent ne pas avoir les mêmes lois de protection des données que le pays dans lequel vous avez initialement fourni les informations. Lorsque nous transférons vos Données personnelles vers d'autres pays, nous continuerons à protéger ces informations comme décrit dans la présente Politique de confidentialité.  En utilisant nos Services ou en fournissant des Données personnelles, lorsque la loi applicable le permet, vous acceptez les transferts, le traitement et le stockage de vos Données personnelles en dehors de votre pays de résidence.
Si vous êtes situé dans l'Espace économique européen, (" EEE "), nous nous conformons aux exigences légales applicables fournissant des garanties adéquates pour le transfert de Données personnelles vers des pays autres que celui où vous vous trouvez. En particulier, nous utilisons des protections contractuelles pour le transfert de Données personnelles à des tiers, telles que les Clauses contractuelles types de la Commission européenne.
Conservation des données personnelles
Nous ne conserverons vos données personnelles que pour atteindre les objectifs pour lesquels elles ont été collectées, comme requis à des fins commerciales légitimes telles que décrites dans la présente politique de confidentialité, ou autrement autorisées par la loi. Lorsque nous n'avons plus besoin d'utiliser les données personnelles ou lorsque vous demandez leur suppression, nous les supprimons de nos systèmes et de nos dossiers et/ou prenons des mesures pour les rendre anonymes afin que vous ne puissiez plus être identifié à partir d'elles.
Pour déterminer la période de conservation appropriée des Données personnelles, nous prenons en compte la quantité, la nature et la sensibilité des Données personnelles, le risque potentiel de préjudice résultant d'une utilisation ou d'une divulgation non autorisée de vos Données personnelles, les objectifs pour lesquels nous traitons vos Données personnelles et si nous pouvons atteindre ces objectifs par d'autres moyens, et les exigences légales applicables.
Vos droits et vos choix
Données personnelles auxquelles vous pouvez accéder
Par le biais de votre compte et des paramètres du Service, vous pouvez demander à accéder et, dans certains cas, à modifier ou à supprimer les informations suivantes que vous nous avez fournies, qui peuvent inclure :
1. Nom d'utilisateur et mot de passe/NIP
2. L'adresse électronique
3. Informations sur l'emplacement, le groupe et l'appareil
4. Informations sur le profil de l'utilisateur
5. Informations sur l'application
Les informations que vous pouvez consulter, mettre à jour et supprimer peuvent changer en fonction de l'évolution des services. Si vous avez des questions sur la consultation, la mise à jour ou la suppression des informations que nous détenons sur vous, veuillez nous contacter à l'adresse
privacy@meross.com
.
Les choix qui s'offrent à vous
Courriels de marketing :
Chaque fois que vous décidez de ne pas recevoir d'informations marketing de notre part, vous pouvez indiquer votre préférence en cliquant sur "se désabonner" ou "mettre à jour les préférences d'abonnement" des communications de niveau service que nous jugeons essentielles à votre utilisation des services. Veuillez noter que si vous vous désabonnez de notre courrier électronique, vous ne pourrez recevoir aucune promotion ou autre information marketing jusqu'à ce que vous vous réabonniez. Vous pouvez également accorder et retirer votre consentement à recevoir des e-mails de marketing dans Meross app > User >Subscribe marketing email.
Cookies :
Si vous souhaitez ne plus accepter l'utilisation de certains cookies, la fonction "aide" de la plupart des navigateurs vous aidera à désactiver les cookies existants et à ne plus recevoir de futurs cookies.
Courriels de communication :
Chaque fois que vous décidez de ne plus recevoir de communications de notre part, vous pouvez indiquer votre préférence en cliquant sur "Se désabonner de cette liste" ou "Mettre à jour les préférences d'abonnement" au bas de l'e-mail que vous avez reçu. Veuillez noter que si vous vous désabonnez de notre courrier électronique, vous ne pourrez pas recevoir de mises à jour ni de réactions à vos questions ou d'autres informations de communication avant de vous réabonner.
Services :
Vous pouvez toujours choisir de ne pas divulguer d'informations à l'utilisation, mais n'oubliez pas que certaines informations peuvent être nécessaires pour vous inscrire auprès de nous ou pour profiter de certaines de nos fonctions spéciales ou des services sous quelque forme que ce soit.
Vous pouvez demander l'ajout, la mise à jour ou la suppression de données personnelles dans l'application Meross en allant dans Utilisateur > Compte. Lorsque vous mettez à jour des informations, nous pouvons toutefois conserver une copie des informations non révisées dans nos dossiers. Vous pouvez également demander la suppression de votre compte en nous envoyant un courriel à
privacy@meross.com
. Veuillez noter que certaines informations peuvent rester dans nos dossiers après votre suppression afin de répondre à des besoins commerciaux et réglementaires spécifiques et/ou de respecter les exigences de conservation de ces informations dans votre compte. Nous pouvons utiliser toute donnée anonyme ou agrégée dérivée de vos Données personnelles ou les incorporant après votre demande de mise à jour ou de suppression, mais pas d'une manière qui vous identifierait personnellement.
Veuillez noter
que si vous accordez une autorisation, lorsque vous utilisez l'application Meross, vous nous autorisez à collecter et à utiliser les Données personnelles pertinentes pour vous fournir les Services correspondants. Une fois que vous avez désactivé une permission, nous la considérerons comme une annulation de l'autorisation, et nous ne continuerons plus à collecter les Données personnelles sur la base des permissions correspondantes, et les fonctions connexes peuvent être résiliées. Cependant, votre décision de retirer l'autorisation n'affectera pas la collecte et l'utilisation précédentes des données basées sur votre autorisation précédente. Vous pouvez demander la suppression de vos données personnelles introduites comme ci-dessus.
Vos droits à la vie privée en Californie
En vertu des sections 1798.83-1798.84 du Code civil de Californie, les résidents de Californie ont le droit de nous demander un avis identifiant les catégories de données personnelles que nous partageons avec nos sociétés affiliées et/ou des tiers à des fins de marketing, et fournissant les coordonnées de ces sociétés affiliées et/ou tiers. Vous pouvez également nous demander de nous abstenir de partager vos données personnelles avec des tiers à des fins de marketing. Si vous êtes un résident de Californie et que vous souhaitez obtenir une copie de cet avis ou que vous souhaitez nous demander de nous abstenir de partager vos informations avec des tiers à des fins de marketing, veuillez nous adresser une demande écrite à :
Meross Technology Co., Ltd.
Floor 3, Building A5, ShiJiCheng Road No. 1129, Gaoxin, Free Trade Trial Zone, Chengdu, Chine.
Mise à jour et modification de la présente politique de confidentialité
Nous essayons constamment d'améliorer nos Services, et il se peut donc que nous devions modifier cette Politique de confidentialité de temps à autre également. Nous publierons la version révisée ici, avec une date de révision mise à jour. Nous vous recommandons de visiter ces pages périodiquement pour prendre connaissance de ces révisions et les examiner. En outre, nous vous avertirons des modifications en plaçant un avis sur les Services et/ou en vous envoyant un courriel, à moins que nous ne disposions pas de votre adresse électronique. Ces avis continueront de régir votre utilisation des services, et il vous incombe de les lire et de les comprendre. Vous êtes lié par toute modification de la politique de confidentialité lorsque vous utilisez les services après que ces modifications ont été publiées. L'utilisation des informations que nous recueillons maintenant est soumise à la politique de confidentialité en vigueur au moment où ces informations sont utilisées.
Comment nous contacter
Si vous avez des questions ou des préoccupations concernant notre politique de confidentialité, veuillez nous envoyer un message détaillé à l'adresse
privacy@meross.com
, et nous nous efforcerons de résoudre vos problèmes.
Политика конфиденциальности
Обновлено: 18 июля 2022 г.
Дата вступления в силу: 25 июля 2022 г.
Компания Chengdu Meross Technology Co., Ltd. и ее филиалы и дочерние компании (совместно "Meross", "мы", "нас" или "наш") стремятся защитить вашу конфиденциальность, и мы серьезно относимся к вашей конфиденциальности. Настоящая Частная политика описывает, почему, что и как мы собираем, храним, используем, передаем и иным образом обрабатываем Персональные данные посетителей веб-сайта, потребителей, пользователей приложений и других лиц, которые пользуются нашими услугами и взаимодействуют с нами (совместно "вы", "себя" или "ваш"). Мы просим вас ознакомиться с настоящей Политикой конфиденциальности до начала использования нашего сайта (сайтов), продуктов, услуг, мобильных приложений, плагинов IoT и другого программного обеспечения (совместно именуемых "Услуги"). В настоящей Политике конфиденциальности вы также найдете информацию о том, как реализовать свои права на доступ, обновление и удаление своих Персональных данных, а также о том, как предоставлять и отзывать согласие на маркетинговые подписки.
Используя или получая доступ к нашим Услугам любым способом, вы признаете, что принимаете и соглашаетесь с практикой и политикой, изложенной в настоящей Политике конфиденциальности, и тем самым соглашаетесь с тем, что мы будем собирать, использовать и передавать вашу информацию следующими способами.
Помните, что использование наших Услуг всегда регулируется
Условиями использования
, которые включают в себя настоящую Политику конфиденциальности. Любые термины, которые мы используем в настоящей Политике конфиденциальности без их определения, имеют определения, данные им в
Условиях использования
.
Если вы находитесь в Европейской экономической зоне ("ЕЭЗ"), то в соответствии с Общим регламентом ЕС по защите данных 2016/679 ("GDPR") контролером данных является Meross. Если у вас возникли вопросы или сомнения, пожалуйста, не стесняйтесь обращаться к нам по адресу
privacy@meross.com
.
На что распространяется данная политика конфиденциальности?
Настоящая Политика конфиденциальности распространяется на наше обращение с персонально идентифицируемой информацией ("Персональные данные"), которую мы собираем, когда вы получаете доступ или используете наши Услуги, но не на действия компаний, которыми мы не владеем и не контролируем, или людей, которыми мы не управляем. Все сообщения, ответы, ники, аватары на нашем Форуме будут считаться публичной информацией, а не Личными данными, и, пожалуйста, НЕ сообщайте свои Личные данные на Форуме, поскольку все пользователи сообщества смогут получить доступ к вашим сообщениям, ответам, никам, аватарам без каких-либо ограничений. Следовательно, эта информация не подпадает под действие данной Политики конфиденциальности. Пожалуйста, прочитайте Кодекс поведения перед использованием Форума.
Политика конфиденциальности в отношении детей
Как указано в
Условиях использования
, мы сознательно не собираем и не запрашиваем личные данные у лиц моложе 16 лет. Если вам меньше 16 лет, пожалуйста, не пытайтесь зарегистрироваться в Услугах или отправить нам какие-либо свои Личные данные. Если нам станет известно, что мы непреднамеренно собрали Личные данные ребенка младше 16 лет, мы незамедлительно удалим эти Личные данные в нашей системе. Если вы считаете, что ребенок в возрасте до 16 лет мог предоставить нам Персональные данные, пожалуйста, свяжитесь с нами по адресу
privacy@meross.com
.
Зачем мы собираем информацию?
Мы собираем различные типы персональных данных наших пользователей, о чем более подробно рассказано ниже. Мы делаем это потому, что это необходимо для выполнения договорных обязательств, которые мы должны перед вами, а также в наших законных интересах для предоставления продуктов и услуг, поддержания наших отношений с вами и защиты нашего бизнеса. Если вы решите не предоставлять нам Личные данные, необходимые для предоставления вам продукта или услуги, мы не сможем их предоставить. Мы используем эти Персональные данные в связи с нашими Услугами, в том числе:
1. чтобы позволить вам создать учетную запись пользователя, профиль и настроить наши продукты;
2. чтобы позволить вам размещать рейтинги и отзывы о различных продуктах и услугах по электронной почте или в приложении Meross;
3. для обеспечения базовой функциональности наших продуктов и услуг;
4. для персонализации и улучшения наших услуг;
5. связываться с вами, информировать вас об обновлениях и отвечать на ваши отзывы и запросы о помощи;
6. для выполнения ваших запросов, включая, но не ограничиваясь запросами данных, на определенные продукты и услуги;
7. чтобы вы могли подписаться на маркетинговую информацию и рекламные уведомления от нас;
8. чтобы вы могли подать заявку на участие в розыгрыше призов или акции или стать бета-тестером;
9. чтобы вы могли отправлять нам запросы;
10. для проведения внутреннего анализа данных, чтобы помочь нам понять, как используются наши Услуги;
11. для обеспечения безопасности ваших данных;
12. для соблюдения закона и других норм по определенным запросам судебных органов или государственных учреждений, имеющих или претендующих на юрисдикцию над компанией Meross или ее филиалами.
Личные данные, которые вас просят предоставить, и причины, по которым вас просят их предоставить, будут ясно изложены вам в тот момент, когда мы попросим вас предоставить ваши личные данные.
Какую информацию мы собираем и как мы ее используем?
Информация, которую вы нам предоставляете
Мы собираем и храним любую информацию, которую вы сознательно предоставляете нам. Например, в процессе регистрации и/или через настройки вашего аккаунта мы можем собирать такие Персональные данные, как ваш адрес электронной почты, пароль, имя пользователя, день рождения, который вы установили, местоположение, включая геозону, код страны/региона, который вы установили, и часовой пояс, url социальных сетей, имена групп и устройств, имена местоположения устройств, изображения устройств или групп, которые вы загружаете, имена приложений, данные о конфигурации приложений, информация в электронной почте или сообщении, которое вы нам отправляете. Мы можем собирать ваши деловые контактные данные для предоставления услуг на деловом уровне. мы можем собирать ваши интересы или увлечения через вашу пользовательскую активность, когда вы взаимодействуете с нами или нашим Сервисом, чтобы мы могли лучше понимать вас и предоставлять вам лучшие услуги. Определенная информация может потребоваться для регистрации или использования некоторых наших функций.
Для персональных данных, которые вы предоставляете нам через приложение Meross с вашего утвердительного согласия в операционной системе вашего мобильного устройства, мы перечисляем их ниже, чтобы вы могли узнать подробности.
Идентификаторы
Сюда входят такие Личные данные, как электронная почта, имя пользователя, пароль, UID и информация об устройстве. Сюда также входит другая информация, которая потенциально может быть использована для вашей идентификации, например имена и изображения, которые вы ассоциируете с пользователями аккаунта, ваше местоположение, устройства, сцены, данные о конфигурации устройства, демографическая информация.
Местоположение
Приложению Meross необходимо ваше точное местоположение для сканирования близлежащих устройств в процессе настройки. Как точное, так и приблизительное местоположение будет работать для установленных вами расписаний, если таковые имеются. Приложение Meross также использует это местоположение для обеспечения функциональности приложения, такой как время устройства, служба погоды, выполнение локальных маршрутов и локальное управление.
Фотографии и видео
Meross будет запрашивать ваше разрешение на доступ к фотографиям и видео только при попытке загрузить фотографии для значка вашего устройства или аватара форума.
Хранилище
Это необходимо для работы приложения Meross путем чтения и записи данных, таких как кэш и журналы.
Камера
Это необходимо, когда вы пытаетесь сделать фотографии и загрузить их в приложение Meross.
Уведомления
Это необходимо, когда вы используете устройства с функциями оповещения, например, оповещения от открывания дверей гаража, датчиков и термостатов. Мы также уведомляем вас о необходимой информации в разделе "Форум" и "Горячие сделки" приложения Meross.
Bluetooth
После включения разрешения вы можете включить функции Bluetooth, включая управление устройствами Meross, получение статуса, обнаружение и настройку устройств Meross. В этих функциях мы будем общаться с устройством Meross через Bluetooth в следующих сценариях: отображение статуса устройства на главной странице, управление устройством на главной странице, обнаружение устройств Meross на главной странице и добавление устройств Meross.
Локальная сеть
Устройствами Meross можно управлять локально, как и устройствами Homekit. Нам нужно это разрешение, чтобы обнаруживать локальные устройства и выполнять основные команды управления устройствами.
HomeKit (только для iOS)
После включения разрешения HomeKit можно включить соответствующие функции, включая обнаружение устройств Meross, включение сетевой конфигурации устройства, управление устройствами Meross и проверку состояния устройства. Среди этих функций мы будем обрабатывать данные с помощью приложения "Дом", поставляемого с системой iOS, через HomeKit в следующих сценариях: обнаружение устройств HomeKit на домашней странице, конфигурация сети устройств HomeKit и управление ими.
Информация, собираемая автоматически
Всякий раз, когда вы взаимодействуете с нашими Услугами (будь то через мобильное приложение, наш IoT-плагин, сторонний сервис, приложение, браузер или другое приложение, подключая физическое устройство к нашим услугам, подключая сторонний сервис к нашим услугам или иным образом), мы можем автоматически собирать и хранить информацию на наших серверах, в журналах и базах данных от вашего браузера, приложения, сервисов или устройства (устройств). В частности, наши Услуги разработаны таким образом, чтобы позволить вам подключать различные физические устройства (например, Meross Smart Plug, Smart Bulb, Smart Switch и т.д.) к Услугам. При подключении к Услугам эти устройства автоматически передают информацию на наши серверы (включая информацию, которую вы могли предоставить при установке или настройке устройства), которая может включать Персональные данные. Например, имя устройства, местоположение устройства, номер модели, версия прошивки, версия аппаратного обеспечения, модель чипсета, UUID, UID, время активации, время работы в сети, записи об отключении, записи о повторном подключении, частота открытия приложений, журналы аварий и параметры настройки.
Другая информация, собираемая автоматически с помощью вышеуказанных средств, может включать ваш IP-адрес, MAC-адрес, данные о местоположении, информацию о "куки", тип устройства, уникальные идентификаторы устройства, рекламные идентификаторы, мобильное устройство, операционную систему, тип браузера, демографическую информацию, приложение и/или устройство (устройства), которые вы используете для доступа к нашим Услугам, пути перехода, идентификатор страницы или функции, которую вы запрашиваете или с которой взаимодействуете, время на странице и другие показатели того, как вы взаимодействуете с Услугами. "Cookies" - это идентификаторы, которые мы передаем на ваше устройство и которые позволяют нам распознавать ваш браузер, приложение или устройство и сообщать нам, как и когда посещаются или используются различные страницы и функции наших Услуг и каким количеством людей.
Вы можете изменить настройки вашего браузера, приложения или устройства, чтобы предотвратить или ограничить принятие вашим устройством файлов cookie, но это может помешать вам воспользоваться некоторыми нашими функциями. Также обратите внимание, что в настоящее время наши системы не распознают и не реагируют на сигналы браузера "Не отслеживать".
Информация, собранная от третьих лиц
Если вы используете наши Услуги с учетными данными сторонних пользователей (например, при использовании нашей услуги плагина IoT, ваших учетных данных для входа в Facebook, Google или других сторонних сайтов).  Мы можем собирать от них Персональные данные. Любые Личные данные, которые мы собираем с вашего аккаунта третьей стороны, могут зависеть от настроек конфиденциальности вашего аккаунта третьей стороны.
Для социальных сетей может быть собрана такая информация, как ваше имя, адрес электронной почты, а также пол, возраст.  Если вы предоставляете нам учетные данные своих учетных записей третьих лиц, вы понимаете, что некоторое содержимое и/или информация этих учетных записей ("Информация учетных записей третьих лиц") может быть передана в вашу учетную запись Meross. Если вы разрешаете такую передачу, и эта Информация учетных данных третьих лиц, передаваемая в наши Услуги, подпадает под действие настоящей Политики конфиденциальности; например, аватары, информация профиля, изображения, друзья и другая разрешенная информация.
Для интернет-магазинов и розничных магазинов, если вы приобретаете наши Услуги и просматриваете наши Услуги, вы понимаете, что мы можем собирать такую информацию, как ваша покупка, ваши отзывы и обзоры. На такую информацию распространяется действие настоящей Политики конфиденциальности.
Мы собираем информацию от третьих лиц только в тех случаях, когда мы проверили, что эти третьи лица либо имеют ваше согласие, либо иным образом юридически разрешены или обязаны раскрывать нам ваши Персональные данные.
Как мы обрабатываем и используем информацию?
Сбор информации, описанной выше, позволяет нам лучше понять, кто пользуется нашими Услугами и какое содержание и/или функция(и) для вас актуальны и представляют интерес. Мы также собираем информацию для предоставления вам соответствующих обновлений и поддержки, а также для улучшения наших Услуг.
Мы можем анонимизировать ваши Личные данные, чтобы вас нельзя было идентифицировать индивидуально, и предоставлять эту информацию нашим партнерам или использовать ее для маркетинговых или рекламных целей ("агрегированная информация"). Мы также можем предоставлять агрегированную информацию нашим партнерам, которые могут использовать такую информацию, чтобы понять, как часто и каким образом люди пользуются нашими Услугами. Однако, за исключением случаев, описанных ниже, мы не раскрываем агрегированную информацию партнеру таким образом, чтобы идентифицировать вас лично, как физическое лицо.
Мы можем передавать информацию организациям, указанным ниже, или для целей, указанных ниже:
Рекламодатели
Мы можем позволить рекламодателям и/или торговым партнерам ("Рекламодатели") выбирать пользователей, которые будут видеть их рекламу и/или рекламные предложения. Вы соглашаетесь с тем, что мы можем предоставить любую совокупную информацию, собранную нами от вас в неличной форме, рекламодателю, чтобы он мог выбрать соответствующую аудиторию для этих рекламных объявлений и/или предложений ("Целевая реклама"). Например, мы можем использовать тот факт, что вы находитесь в Сан-Франциско, чтобы показать вам рекламу или предложения для предприятий Сан-Франциско, но мы не будем сообщать таким предприятиям, кто вы.
Чтобы узнать о ваших возможностях в отношении файлов cookie и других технологий, а также о том, как отказаться от целевой рекламы, прокрутите страницу вниз до раздела - Ваши права и выбор.
Партнеры, аффилированные предприятия
В определенных ситуациях партнеры, предприятия, с которыми мы связаны ("Аффилированные предприятия"), могут продавать товары или предоставлять вам услуги через Услуги (самостоятельно или совместно с нами), включая перепродажу или бесплатное предоставление устройств Meross, предоставление устройств сторонних производителей или доставку уникальных или пользовательских Приложений. Вы можете узнать, когда аффилированный бизнес связан с такой сделкой или услугой, по присутствию его бренда или по сделке, которую вы проводите непосредственно с этим аффилированным бизнесом. Мы будем передавать ваши Персональные данные такому Аффилированному бизнесу только в той степени, в которой это связано с такой сделкой или услугой, и в той степени, в которой вы явно приняли дополнительные условия с таким Аффилированным бизнесом, в которых вы признаете и разрешаете нам передавать ваши Персональные данные. Эти дополнительные условия могут быть представлены как часть рекламных предложений (либо на сайте Аффилированного предприятия, либо на сайтах под брендом Meross, включая наш торговый сайт shop.meross.com, или в рамках настроенных шагов по установке, которые появляются в Услугах. Мы не контролируем политику и практику аффилированных компаний в отношении конфиденциальности или чего-либо еще, поэтому, если вы решили принять участие в какой-либо сделке или услуге, связанной с аффилированной компанией, ознакомьтесь с политикой всех таких компаний или веб-сайтов. Если вы решите, что больше не хотите делиться Личными данными с аффилированным предприятием, вы, возможно, больше не будете иметь права получать определенные преимущества от аффилированного предприятия или иметь доступ к Услугам без создания новой учетной записи или отношений с Meross.
Агенты
Мы нанимаем другие компании и людей для выполнения задач от нашего имени и должны делиться с ними вашей информацией для предоставления вам наших продуктов или услуг. Если мы не скажем вам иначе, наши агенты не имеют права использовать личные данные, которые мы им передаем, помимо тех, которые необходимы для оказания нам помощи, как указано в настоящей Политике конфиденциальности.
Передача бизнеса
Мы можем принять решение о покупке или продаже активов. При таких сделках информация о клиентах, как правило, является одним из бизнес-активов, которые будут переданы. Кроме того, если мы (или наши активы) будем приобретены, или если мы выйдем из бизнеса, обанкротимся или пройдем через другие изменения контроля, личные данные будут одним из активов, переданных или приобретенных третьей стороной.
Защита Meross и других лиц
Мы оставляем за собой право получать доступ, читать, сохранять и раскрывать любую информацию, которая, по нашему разумному мнению, необходима для соблюдения закона или судебного приказа; исполнения или применения наших условий использования и других соглашений; защиты прав, собственности или безопасности Meross, наших сотрудников, наших пользователей или других лиц. Это включает в себя обмен информацией с другими компаниями и организациями для защиты от мошенничества и снижения кредитного риска.
Услуги третьих лиц
Наши Услуги могут содержать функции или ссылки на веб-сайты и услуги, предоставляемые третьими сторонами. Если вы нажмете на ссылку на сайт третьей стороны, вы попадете на сайты, которые мы не контролируем. Любая информация, которую вы предоставляете на сайтах или службах третьих лиц, может быть предоставлена непосредственно операторам таких служб и подпадает под действие политики этих операторов, если таковая имеется, регулирующей конфиденциальность и безопасность, даже если доступ к ней осуществляется через нас. Настоящая Политика конфиденциальности не распространяется на практику конфиденциальности такого сайта. Внимательно ознакомьтесь с политикой конфиденциальности других сайтов. Мы не несем ответственности за сайты или услуги третьих лиц, ссылки или доступ к которым предоставляются через наши Услуги.
Кроме того, наши сторонние партнеры, включая рекламных партнеров (о которых речь пойдет ниже), могут использовать веб-маяки, передавать файлы cookie и считывать файлы cookie с вашего браузера, приложения или устройства, когда вы посещаете или используете наши Услуги (в том числе, без ограничений, для сбора информации в связи с программой Google Trusted Stores или Google Demographics and Interests). Настоящая Политика конфиденциальности не распространяется на использование файлов cookie третьими лицами. Пожалуйста, убедитесь, что вы понимаете частную политику такой третьей стороны. Чтобы узнать о том, какие еще варианты у вас есть, прокрутите страницу вниз до раздела - Какие варианты у меня есть?
Защищены ли личные данные обо мне?
Ваша учетная запись защищена паролем или PIN-кодом для обеспечения вашей конфиденциальности и безопасности. Если вы получаете доступ к своей учетной записи через сторонний сайт или сервис, то на этом стороннем сайте или сервисе могут быть дополнительные или иные средства защиты при входе. Вы должны предотвращать несанкционированный доступ к своей учетной записи и Личным данным, выбирая и защищая свой пароль, PIN-номер и/или другой механизм входа в систему надлежащим образом, а также ограничивая доступ к своему компьютеру или устройству и браузеру или приложению путем выхода из системы после завершения доступа к своей учетной записи.
Мы стремимся защитить конфиденциальность вашей учетной записи и других Личных данных, хранящихся в наших записях, но мы не можем гарантировать полную безопасность. Несанкционированный вход или использование, сбой аппаратного или программного обеспечения и другие факторы могут в любой момент поставить под угрозу безопасность информации пользователя. Мы гарантируем, что сообщим регулятору и проинформируем вас в течение 72 часов, как только узнаем, что это произошло в соответствии с положениями GDPR.
Передача данных
Мы являемся транснациональными предприятиями.  Мы можем передавать ваши личные данные получателям в странах, отличных от вашей страны. В этих странах может отсутствовать такое же законодательство о защите данных, как и в стране, в которой вы первоначально предоставили информацию. Когда мы передаем ваши Персональные данные в другие страны, мы по-прежнему будем защищать эту информацию, как описано в настоящей Политике конфиденциальности.  Пользуясь нашими Услугами или предоставляя какие-либо Личные данные, если это позволяет действующее законодательство, вы соглашаетесь на передачу, обработку и хранение ваших Личных данных за пределами страны вашего проживания.
Если вы находитесь в Европейской экономической зоне ("ЕЭЗ"), мы соблюдаем требования действующего законодательства, обеспечивающего адекватные гарантии передачи Персональных данных в страны, отличные от страны вашего местонахождения. В частности, мы используем договорные меры защиты при передаче Персональных данных третьим лицам, такие как Стандартные договорные положения Европейской комиссии.
Сохранение персональных данных
Мы будем хранить ваши Персональные данные только для выполнения целей, для которых они были собраны, как это требуется для законных деловых целей, как описано в настоящей Политике конфиденциальности, или иным образом, разрешенным законом. Когда нам больше не понадобится использовать Личные данные или когда вы потребуете их удаления, мы удалим их из наших систем и записей и/или примем меры по их анонимизации, чтобы вас больше нельзя было по ним идентифицировать.
Для определения соответствующего срока хранения Личных данных мы учитываем объем, характер и чувствительность Личных данных, потенциальный риск причинения вреда в результате несанкционированного использования или раскрытия Ваших Личных данных, цели, для которых мы обрабатываем Ваши Личные данные, и то, можем ли мы достичь этих целей другими способами, а также применимые требования законодательства.
Ваши права и выбор
Личные данные, к которым вы можете получить доступ
Через свою учетную запись и настройки Сервиса вы можете запросить доступ, а в некоторых случаях отредактировать или удалить следующую информацию, которую вы нам предоставили, которая может включать:
1. Имя пользователя и пароль/PIN-код
2. Адрес электронной почты
3. Информация о местоположении, группе и устройстве
4. Информация о профиле пользователя
5. Информация о приложении
Информация, которую вы можете просматривать, обновлять и удалять, может меняться по мере изменения Услуг. Если у вас возникли вопросы о просмотре, обновлении или удалении информации о вас, пожалуйста, свяжитесь с нами по адресу
privacy@meross.com
.
Выбор, который у вас есть
Маркетинговые электронные письма:
В любой момент, когда вы решите не получать от нас маркетинговую информацию, вы можете указать свои предпочтения, нажав кнопку "отписаться" или "обновить предпочтения подписки" на сообщения сервисного уровня, которые мы считаем важными для вашего пользования Услугами. Обратите внимание, что если вы отпишитесь от нашей электронной почты, вы не сможете получать рекламные акции или другую маркетинговую информацию, пока не подпишетесь на нее снова. Вы также можете предоставить и отозвать свое согласие на получение маркетинговых писем в Meross app > User >Subscribe marketing email.
Cookies:
Если вы хотите отказаться от использования определенных файлов cookie, функция "Помощь" большинства браузеров поможет вам отключить существующие файлы cookie и прекратить получение будущих файлов cookie.
Коммуникационные электронные письма:
В любое время, когда вы решите не получать от нас никаких сообщений, вы можете указать свои предпочтения, нажав "отписаться от этого списка" или "обновить предпочтения подписки" в нижней части полученного вами письма. Обратите внимание, что если вы отпишитесь от нашей электронной почты, вы не сможете получать обновления и ответы на ваши вопросы или другую коммуникационную информацию, пока не подпишетесь снова.
Услуги:
Вы всегда можете отказаться от раскрытия информации для использования, но имейте в виду, что некоторая информация может потребоваться для регистрации у нас или для того, чтобы воспользоваться некоторыми из наших специальных функций или Услугами в любой форме.
Вы можете запросить добавление, обновление или удаление Личных данных в приложении Meross, перейдя в раздел Пользователь > Учетная запись. Однако, когда вы обновляете информацию, мы можем сохранить копию неизмененной информации в наших записях. Вы также можете запросить удаление своей учетной записи, написав нам по адресу privacy@meross.com. Обратите внимание, что некоторая информация может оставаться в наших записях после вашего удаления в целях удовлетворения конкретных деловых и нормативных потребностей и/или соблюдения требований по хранению такой информации из вашей учетной записи. Мы можем использовать любые анонимизированные или агрегированные данные, полученные на основе или включающие ваши Личные данные после того, как вы запросите их обновление или удаление, но не таким образом, чтобы идентифицировать вас лично.
Обратите внимание
, что если вы предоставляете какое-либо разрешение, то при использовании приложения Meross вы разрешаете нам собирать и использовать соответствующие Персональные данные для предоставления вам соответствующих Услуг. Как только вы отмените какое-либо разрешение, мы будем рассматривать это как отмену разрешения, и мы больше не будем продолжать сбор Личных данных на основании соответствующих разрешений, а соответствующие функции могут быть прекращены. Однако ваше решение отозвать разрешение не повлияет на предыдущий сбор и использование данных, основанных на предыдущем разрешении. Вы можете запросить удаление введенных вами Личных данных, как указано выше.
Ваши права на конфиденциальность в Калифорнии
В соответствии с разделами 1798.83-1798.84 Гражданского кодекса Калифорнии жители Калифорнии имеют право попросить нас предоставить уведомление с указанием категорий Персональных данных, которые мы передаем нашим аффилированным лицам и/или третьим лицам в маркетинговых целях, а также предоставить контактную информацию таких аффилированных лиц и/или третьих лиц. Вы также можете попросить нас воздержаться от передачи ваших Персональных данных третьим лицам в их маркетинговых целях. Если вы являетесь жителем Калифорнии и хотите получить копию данного уведомления или попросить нас воздержаться от передачи вашей информации третьим лицам в их маркетинговых целях, пожалуйста, подайте письменный запрос по адресу:
Meross Technology Co., Ltd.
Этаж 3, здание A5, ShiJiCheng Road No. 1129, Gaoxin, зона свободной торговли, Чэнду, Китай.
Обновление и изменение данной Политики конфиденциальности
Мы постоянно пытаемся улучшить наши Услуги, поэтому нам может потребоваться время от времени вносить изменения в настоящую Политику конфиденциальности. мы опубликуем здесь пересмотренную версию с обновленной датой пересмотра. Мы рекомендуем вам периодически посещать эти страницы, чтобы быть в курсе и знакомиться с любыми такими изменениями. Кроме того, мы предупредим вас об изменениях, разместив уведомление в Услугах и/или отправив вам электронное письмо, если у нас нет вашего адреса электронной почты. Такие уведомления будут по-прежнему регулировать ваше пользование Услугами, и вы несете ответственность за их прочтение и понимание. Вы обязаны соблюдать любые изменения в Политике конфиденциальности при использовании Услуг после размещения таких изменений. Использование информации, которую мы собираем сейчас, регулируется Политикой конфиденциальности, действующей на момент использования такой информации.
Как с нами связаться
Если у вас возникли вопросы или сомнения относительно нашей Политики конфиденциальности, пожалуйста, отправьте нам подробное сообщение по адресу
privacy@meross.com
, и мы постараемся разрешить ваши проблемы.
隱私策略
更新時間：2022 年 7 月 18 日
生效日期：2022 年 7 月 25 日
成都美羅斯科技有限公司及其關聯公司和子公司（統稱為“美羅斯”、“我們”、“我們”或“我們的”）致力於保護您的隱私，我們非常重視您的隱私。本隱私政策涵蓋我們收集、存儲、使用、共用、傳輸和以其他方式處理任何網站訪問者、消費者客戶、應用程式使用者以及使用我們的服務並與我們互動的其他個人（統稱為“您”、“您自己”或“您的”）的個人數據的原因、內容和方式。我們要求您在使用我們的網站、產品、服務、移動應用程式、物聯網外掛程式和其他軟體（統稱為“服務”）之前閱讀本隱私政策。在本隱私政策中，您還將瞭解如何行使訪問、更新和刪除您的個人數據的權利，以及如何授予和撤回對行銷訂閱的同意。
通過以任何方式使用或訪問我們的服務，您承認您接受並同意本隱私政策中概述的做法和政策，並且您特此同意我們將通過以下方式收集、使用和共用您的資訊。
請記住，您對我們服務的使用始終受使用條款的約束，該
使用條款
包含本隱私政策。我們在本隱私政策中使用的任何術語，但未對其進行定義，均具有
使用條款
中給出的定義。
如果您位於歐洲經濟區（“EEA”），根據歐盟通用數據保護條例 2016/679（“GDPR”），數據控制者是 Meross。如果您有任何問題或疑慮，請隨時通過
privacy@meross.com
與我們聯繫。
本隱私政策涵蓋哪些內容？
本隱私政策涵蓋我們對您在訪問或使用我們的服務時收集的個人身份資訊（“個人數據”）的處理，但不包括我們不擁有或控制的公司或我們不管理的人員的做法。我們論壇中的所有帖子、回復、昵稱和頭像將被視為公開資訊，而不是個人數據，請不要在論壇中分享您的個人數據，因為社區中的所有使用者都可以不受任何限制地訪問您的帖子、回復、昵稱、頭像。因此，本隱私政策將不涵蓋這些資訊。請在使用論壇之前閱讀行為準則。
兒童隱私政策
如
使用條款
中所述，我們不會故意向 16 歲以下的任何人收集或索取個人數據。如果您未滿 16 歲，請不要嘗試註冊服務或向我們發送您自己的任何個人數據。如果我們得知我們無意中收集了 16 歲以下兒童的個人數據，我們將立即在我們的系統中刪除該個人數據。如果您認為 16 歲以下的兒童可能向我們提供了個人數據，請
privacy@meross.com
與我們聯繫。
我們為什麼要收集資訊？
我們從用戶那裡收集各種類型的個人數據，如下所述。我們這樣做是因為有必要履行我們對您的合同義務，以及為了我們的合法利益，以提供產品和服務，維護我們與您的關係，並保護我們的業務。如果您選擇不向我們提供向您提供產品或服務所需的個人數據，我們將無法提供。我們將這些個人數據用於我們的服務，包括：
1. 允許您設置使用者帳戶、個人資料和設置我們的產品;
2. 允許您通過電子郵件或 Meross 應用程式發佈各種產品和服務的評級和評論;
3. 提供我們產品和服務的基本功能;
4. 個人化和改進我們的服務;
5. 與您聯繫，通知您更新，並回復您的反饋和幫助請求;
6. 滿足您對某些產品和服務的要求，包括但不限於數據查詢;
7. 允許您訂閱我們的行銷資訊和促銷通知;
8. 允許您申請贈品或促銷或成為 Beta 測試人員;
9. 允許您向我們提交查詢;
10. 進行內部數據分析，以幫助我們了解我們服務的使用方式;
11. 確保您的數據安全;
12. 根據司法程式或對 Meross 或其附屬公司擁有或聲稱擁有管轄權的政府機構的某些要求，遵守法律和其他標準。
要求您提供的個人數據以及要求您提供個人數據的原因將在我們要求您提供個人數據時向您明確說明。
我們收集哪些資訊以及如何使用這些資訊？
您提供給我們的資訊
我們收集並存儲您有意提供給我們的任何資訊。例如，通過註冊過程和/或通過您的帳戶設置，我們可能會收集個人數據，例如您的電子郵件地址、密碼、使用者名、您設置的生日、位置（包括地理圍欄）、您設置的國家/地區代碼和時區、社交媒體 URL、組和設備名稱、設備位置名稱、您上傳的設備或組圖像、應用程式名稱、 應用程式設定詳細資訊、您發送給我們的電子郵件或消息中的資訊。我們可能會收集您的業務聯繫方式，以便在業務層面提供服務。當您與我們或我們的服務互動時，我們可能會通過您的用戶活動收集您的興趣或愛好，以便我們更好地瞭解您併為您提供更好的服務。註冊或使用我們的某些功能可能需要某些資訊。
對於您在行動裝置作業系統中明確同意的情況下通過Meross應用程式提供給我們的個人數據，我們在下面列出，以便您瞭解詳細資訊。
標識碼
這包括個人數據，例如電子郵件、使用者名、密碼、UID 和設備資訊。這還包括可能用於識別您身份的其他資訊，例如您與帳戶用戶關聯的姓名和圖像、您的位置、設備、場景、設備配置詳細資訊、人口統計資訊。
位置
Meross 應用程式需要您的精確位置才能在設置過程中掃描附近的設備。精確位置和大致位置都適用於您設置的時程表（如果有）。Meross 應用還使用此位置來確保應用功能，例如設備時間、天氣服務、本地例程執行和本地控制。
照片和視頻
Meross 只會在您嘗試為設備圖示或論壇頭像上傳照片時請求您允許訪問照片和視頻。
存儲
這對於 Meross 應用程式通過讀取和寫入數據（如緩存和日誌）來執行至關重要。
照相機
當您嘗試拍照並將其上傳到 Meross 應用程式時，需要這樣做。
通知
當您使用具有警報功能的設備時，例如來自車庫門開啟器、感測器和恒溫器的警報，這是必需的。我們還會在Meross應用程式的論壇和熱門交易部分注意到您需要的資訊。
藍牙
開啟許可權后，您可以啟用藍牙功能，包括控制Meross設備、獲取狀態、發現和配置Meross設備。在這些功能中，我們將在以下場景中通過藍牙與Meross設備通信：在主頁上顯示設備狀態，在主頁上執行設備控制，在主頁上發現Meross設備並添加Meross設備。
本地網路
由於Meross設備可以像Homekit控制一樣在本地進行控制。我們需要此許可權來發現本地設備並執行基本的設備控制命令。
HomeKit（只適用於 iOS）
您可以在啟用 HomeKit 許可權後啟用相關功能，包括發現 Meross 設備、啟用設備網路配置、控制 Meross 設備和檢查設備狀態。在這些功能中，我們將在以下場景中通過 HomeKit 使用 iOS 系統隨附的“Home”App 處理數據：在主頁上發現 HomeKit 設備、HomeKit 設備網路配置和控制。
自動收集的資訊
每當您與我們的服務交互時（無論是通過行動應用程式、我們的物聯網外掛程式、第三方服務、應用程式、瀏覽器或其他應用程式，將物理設備連接到我們的服務，將第三方服務連接到我們的服務，還是其他方式），我們可能會自動收集和儲存來自您的瀏覽器、應用程式、服務或設備的資訊，並將其存儲在我們的伺服器、日誌和資料庫中。特別是，我們的服務旨在允許您將各種物理設備（例如，Meross 智慧插頭、智慧燈泡、智慧開關等）連接到服務。在連接到服務時，這些設備會自動向我們的伺服器報告資訊（包括您在設置或配置該設備時可能提供的資訊），其中可能包括個人數據。例如設備名稱、設備位置、型號、固件版本、硬體版本、晶元組型號、UUID、UID、啟動時間、在線時間、丟棄記錄、重新連接記錄、應用程式打開頻率、崩潰日誌和設置參數。
通過上述方式自動收集的其他資訊可能包括您的IP位址、MAC位址、位置詳細資訊、“cookie”資訊、設備類型、唯一設備標識碼、廣告標識碼、行動裝置、操作系統、瀏覽器類型、人口統計資訊、您用於訪問我們服務的應用程式和/或設備、點擊路徑、您請求或與之交互的頁面或功能的身份， 頁面上的時間，以及您如何與服務交互的其他指標。“Cookie”是我們傳輸到您的設備的標識符，使我們能夠識別您的瀏覽器、應用程式或設備，並告訴我們如何以及何時訪問或使用我們服務中的各種頁面和功能以及有多少人訪問或使用。
您可以更改瀏覽器、應用程式或設備上的首選項，以防止或限制您的設備接受 Cookie，但這可能會阻止您利用我們的某些功能。另外，請注意，我們的系統目前無法識別或響應瀏覽器的“請勿跟蹤”信號。
從第三方收集的資訊
如果您使用第三方帳戶憑據使用我們的服務（例如，當您使用我們的物聯網外掛程式服務時，您的Facebook，Google或其他第三方網站的登錄憑據）。 我們可能會從他們那裡收集個人數據。我們從您的第三方帳戶收集的任何個人數據可能取決於您的第三方帳戶的隱私設置。
對於社交媒體，可能會收集您的姓名、電子郵件位址、性別、年齡等資訊。 如果您向我們提供您的第三方帳戶憑據，則表示您了解這些帳戶中的某些內容和/或資訊（“第三方帳戶資訊”）可能會傳輸到您的Meross帳戶中。如果您授權此類傳輸，並且傳輸到我們服務的第三方帳戶資訊受本隱私政策的保護;例如，頭像、個人資料資訊、圖像、好友和其他授權資訊。
對於在線商店和零售商店，如果您購買我們的服務並查看我們的服務，您了解我們可能會收集您的購買、反饋和評論等資訊。此類資訊受本隱私政策的保護。
我們僅在檢查第三方是否徵得您的同意或法律允許或要求向我們披露您的個人數據的情況下從第三方收集資訊。
我們如何處理和使用資訊？
收集上述資訊使我們能夠更好地瞭解使用我們服務的您，以及哪些內容和/或功能與您相關且對您感興趣。我們還會收集資訊，以便為您提供適當的升級和支援，並改進我們的服務。
我們可能會對您的個人數據進行匿名化處理，以便無法識別您的個人身份，並將該資訊提供給我們的合作夥伴或將該資訊用於行銷或促銷專案（“匯總資訊”）。我們還可能向我們的合作夥伴提供匯總信息，他們可能會使用此類資訊來了解人們使用我們服務的頻率和方式。但是，除下述情況外，我們不會以可識別您個人身份的方式向合作夥伴披露匯總資訊。
我們可能會與以下組織或出於以下目的共用資訊：
廣告
我們可能允許廣告商和/或商家合作夥伴（“廣告商”）選擇將看到其廣告和/或促銷優惠的使用者。您同意我們可以以非個人身份識別的形式向廣告商提供我們從您那裡收集的任何匯總資訊，以便該廣告商為這些廣告和/或優惠選擇適當的受眾（“定向廣告”）。例如，我們可能會利用您位於三藩市的事實向您展示三藩市商家的廣告或優惠，但我們不會告訴此類商家您是誰。
要瞭解您對 Cookie 和其他技術的選項，以及如何退出退出定向廣告，請向下滾動到 - 您的權利和選擇。
合作夥伴、關聯企業
在某些情況下，合作夥伴、我們附屬的企業（“關聯企業”）可能會通過服務（單獨或與我們聯合）向您銷售商品或提供服務，包括免費轉售或提供Meross設備、提供第三方設備或提供獨特或自定義應用程式。您可以根據關聯企業品牌的存在或您直接與該關聯企業進行的交易來識別關聯企業何時與此類交易或服務相關聯。我們將僅在與該關聯企業相關的範圍內與該關聯企業共用您的個人數據，並且您明確接受與該關聯企業的增量條款，從而您承認並授權我們共用您的個人數據。這些增量條款可能作為促銷優惠的一部分（在關聯企業的網站或Meross品牌的酒店（包括我們在 shop.meross.com 的商業網站上），或在服務中顯示的自定義設置步驟中呈現。我們無法控制關聯企業在隱私或其他方面的政策和做法，因此如果您選擇參與與關聯企業相關的任何交易或服務，請查看所有此類企業或網站的政策。如果您決定不再希望與關聯企業共用個人數據，則在不與 Meross 建立新帳戶或關係的情況下，您可能不再有權從關聯企業獲得某些利益或訪問服務。
代理
我們僱用其他公司和人員代表我們執行任務，並需要與他們共用您的資訊，以便向您提供我們的產品或服務。除非我們另有說明，否則我們的代理人無權使用我們與他們共用的個人數據，超出本隱私政策中確定的協助我們所必需的範圍。
業務轉讓
我們可能會選擇購買或出售資產。在這些類型的交易中，客戶資訊通常是要轉移的業務資產之一。此外，如果我們（或我們的資產）被收購，或者如果我們倒閉、破產或經歷其他控制權變更，個人數據將成為轉讓給第三方或被第三方收購的資產之一。
保護梅羅斯和其他人
我們保留訪問、閱讀、保存和披露我們合理認為遵守法律或法院命令所必需的任何信息的權利;執行或應用我們的使用條件和其他協定;或保護 Meross、我們的員工、我們的使用者或其他人的權利、財產或安全。這包括與其他公司和組織交換資訊，以保護欺詐和降低信用風險。
第三方服務
我們的服務可能包含第三方提供的網站和服務的功能或連結。如果您點擊指向第三方網站的連結，您將被帶到我們無法控制的網站。您在第三方網站或服務上提供的任何資訊都可能直接提供給此類服務的運營商，並受這些運營商管理隱私和安全的政策（如果有）的約束，即使通過我們訪問也是如此。本隱私政策不適用於該網站的隱私慣例。仔細閱讀其他網站的隱私政策。對於通過我們的服務提供連結或訪問的這些第三方網站或服務，我們概不負責。
此外，當您訪問或使用我們的服務時，我們的第三方合作夥伴（包括廣告合作夥伴（如下所述））可能會使用網路信標，或傳輸 Cookie 並從您的瀏覽器、應用程式或設備讀取 Cookie（包括但不限於收集與 Google 可信商店計畫或 Google 受眾特徵和興趣相關的資訊）。本隱私政策不涵蓋任何第三方對 Cookie 的使用。請確保您瞭解此類第三方的私人政策。要瞭解您還有哪些其他選項，請向下滾動到 - 我有哪些選擇？
關於我的個人數據安全嗎？
您的帳戶受密碼或PIN碼保護，以確保您的隱私和安全。如果您通過第三方網站或服務訪問您的帳戶，則您可能通過該第三方網站或服務獲得其他或不同的登錄保護。您必須通過適當選擇和保護您的密碼、PIN 碼和/或其他登錄機制，並通過在完成存取帳戶後註銷來限制對您的電腦或設備以及瀏覽器或應用程式的訪問，從而防止未經授權訪問您的帳戶和個人數據。
我們努力保護您的帳戶和我們在記錄中保存的其他個人數據的隱私，但我們不能保證完全安全。未經授權的進入或使用、硬體或軟體故障以及其他因素，可能隨時危及使用者信息的安全性。我們將確保向監管機構報告，並在72小時內通知您，一旦我們知道這種情況發生在GDPR的監管下。
數據傳輸
我們是跨國企業。 我們可能會將您的個人數據傳輸給您所在國家/地區以外的國家/地區的接收者。這些國家/地區的數據保護法律可能與您最初提供資訊的國家/地區不同。當我們將您的個人數據傳輸到其他國家/地區時，我們仍將按照本隱私政策中所述保護該資訊。 在適用法律允許的情況下，使用我們的服務或提供任何個人數據，即表示您同意在您的居住國之外傳輸、處理和存儲您的個人數據。
如果您位於歐洲經濟區（“EEA”），我們將遵守適用的法律要求，為將個人數據傳輸到您所在國家/地區以外的國家/地區提供足夠的保障。特別是，我們使用合同保護將個人數據傳輸給第三方，例如歐盟委員會的標準合同條款。
個人數據的保留
我們只會保留您的個人數據，以實現收集目的，本隱私政策中所述的合法商業目的或法律允許的其他目的。當我們不再需要使用個人數據或您要求刪除個人數據時，我們會將其從我們的系統和記錄中刪除和/或採取措施對其進行匿名化處理，以便無法再從中識別出您的身份。
為了確定個人數據的適當保留期限，我們會考慮個人數據的數量、性質和敏感性，未經授權使用或披露您的個人數據的潛在損害風險，我們處理您的個人數據的目的以及我們是否可以通過其他方式實現這些目的，以及適用的法律要求。
您的權利和選擇
您可以存取的個人資料
透過您的帳戶和服務設置，您可以請求訪問，在某些情況下，還可以編輯或刪除您提供給我們的以下資訊，其中可能包括：
1. 使用者名和密碼/PIN
2. 電子郵件位址
3. 位置、組和設備資訊
4. 使用者個人資料資訊
5. 應用資訊
您可以查看、更新和刪除的資訊可能會隨著服務的變化而更改。如果您對查看、更新或刪除我們存檔的有關您的資訊有任何疑問，請通過
privacy@meross.com
與我們聯繫。
您擁有的選擇
行銷電子郵件：任何時候您決定不接收我們的營銷資訊，您都可以通過按兩下取消訂閱或「更新訂閱首選項」我們認為對您使用服務至關重要的服務級別通信來表明您的偏好。請注意，如果您取消訂閱我們的電子郵件，您將無法收到任何促銷或其他行銷資訊，直到您再次訂閱。您還可以授予和撤回您在Meross應用程式中接收行銷電子郵件的同意>使用者>訂閱行銷電子郵件。
Cookie：如果您想停止接受某些 Cookie 的使用，大多數瀏覽器的“説明”功能將説明您禁用現有 Cookie 並停止接收未來的 Cookie。
通信電子郵件：任何時候您決定不接收我們的任何通信時，您都可以通過按兩下您收到的電子郵件底部的“取消訂閱此清單”或“更新訂閱首選項”來表明您的偏好。請注意，如果您取消訂閱我們的電子郵件，您將無法收到有關您的問題或其他通信資訊的任何更新和反饋，直到您再次訂閱。
服務：您始終可以選擇不披露要使用的資訊，但請記住，可能需要一些資訊才能向我們註冊或以任何形式利用我們的某些特殊功能或服務。
您可以通過轉到使用者>帳戶來請求在 Meross 應用程式中添加、更新或刪除個人數據。但是，當您更新資訊時，我們可能會在我們的記錄中保留未經修訂的資訊的副本。您也可以通過發送電子郵件至
privacy@meross.com
要求刪除您的帳戶。請注意，在您刪除後，某些資訊可能會保留在我們的記錄中，以滿足特定的業務和法規需求和/或遵守您帳戶中此類資訊的保留要求。在您請求更新或刪除您的個人數據后，我們可能會使用從您的個人數據派生或合併您的個人數據的任何匿名或匯總數據，但不會以識別您個人身份的方式使用。
請注意，如果您授予任何許可，當您使用 Meross 應用程式時，即表示您授權我們收集和使用相關個人數據，以便為您提供相應的服務。一旦您禁用任何許可權，我們將視為對授權的取消，我們將不再根據相應許可權繼續收集個人數據，相關功能可能會終止。但是，您撤回許可的決定不會影響此前基於您先前授權的數據收集和使用。您可以要求刪除上述所述的個人數據。
您的加州隱私權
根據《加州民法典》第 1798.83-1798.84 條，加州居民有權要求我們發出通知，指明我們出於行銷目的與我們的關聯公司和/或第三方共用的個人數據類別，並提供此類關聯公司和/或第三方的聯繫資訊。如果您是加利福尼亞州居民，並希望獲得本通知的副本，或者希望要求我們避免出於行銷目的與第三方共用您的資訊，您也可以要求我們不要與第三方共用您的個人數據以用於其行銷目的，請向以下位址提交書面請求：
美羅斯科技有限公司
中國成都保稅試驗區高新石集城路1129號A5棟3樓。
更新和更改本隱私政策
我們一直在努力改進我們的服務，因此我們可能還需要不時更改本隱私政策。我們將在此處發佈修訂版本，並附上更新的修訂日期。我們建議您定期訪問這些頁面，以瞭解並查看任何此類修訂。此外，我們將通過在服務上發佈通知和/或向您發送電子郵件來提醒您更改，除非我們沒有您的電子郵件位址。此類通知仍將約束您對服務的使用，您有責任閱讀和理解它們。在發佈此類更改后，當您使用服務時，您將受到隱私政策的任何更改的約束。我們現在收集的資訊的使用受使用此類資訊時有效的隱私政策的約束。
如何聯繫我們
如果您對我們的隱私政策有任何疑問或疑慮，請在
privacy@meross.com
向我們發送詳細資訊，我們將盡力解決您的疑慮。
Privacybeleid
Bijgewerkt: 18 juli 2022
Ingangsdatum: 25 juli 2022
Chengdu Meross Technology Co, Ltd. en haar filialen en dochterondernemingen (gezamenlijk "Meross", "wij", "ons" of "onze") zijn toegewijd aan het beschermen van uw privacy en wij nemen uw privacy serieus. Dit Privacybeleid beschrijft waarom, wat en hoe wij Persoonsgegevens verzamelen, opslaan, gebruiken, delen, overdragen en anderszins verwerken van websitebezoekers, consumentenklanten, applicatiegebruikers en andere personen die onze diensten gebruiken en met ons communiceren (gezamenlijk "u", "uzelf" of "uw"). Wij vragen u dit Privacybeleid te lezen voordat u onze website(s), producten, diensten, mobiele toepassingen, IoT-plugins en andere software (gezamenlijk de "Diensten") gebruikt. In dit Privacybeleid vindt u ook hoe u uw rechten op toegang, bijwerking en verwijdering van uw Persoonsgegevens kunt uitoefenen en hoe u de toestemming voor marketingabonnementen kunt verlenen en intrekken.
Door onze Diensten op enigerlei wijze te gebruiken of te benaderen, erkent u dat u de praktijken en het beleid zoals uiteengezet in dit Privacybeleid aanvaardt en ermee instemt dat wij uw informatie op de volgende manieren verzamelen, gebruiken en delen.
Vergeet niet dat uw gebruik van onze Diensten te allen tijde onderworpen is aan de
Gebruiksvoorwaarden
, waarin dit Privacybeleid is opgenomen. Alle termen die we in dit Privacybeleid gebruiken zonder ze te definiëren, hebben de definities die eraan worden gegeven in de
Gebruiksvoorwaarden
.
Als u zich in de Europese Economische Ruimte ("EER") bevindt, is voor de EU Algemene Verordening Gegevensbescherming 2016/679 ("GDPR") de gegevensbeheerder Meross. Als u vragen of zorgen heeft, neem dan gerust contact met ons op via
privacy@meross.com
.
Wat dekt dit privacybeleid?
Dit Privacybeleid dekt onze behandeling van persoonlijk identificeerbare informatie ("Persoonsgegevens") die wij verzamelen wanneer u onze Diensten opent of gebruikt, maar niet de praktijken van bedrijven die wij niet bezitten of controleren, of mensen die wij niet leiden. Alle berichten, antwoorden, bijnamen, avatars in ons Forum worden beschouwd als openbare informatie, niet als Persoonsgegevens, en deel uw Persoonsgegevens NIET in het Forum, aangezien alle gebruikers in de gemeenschap zonder enige beperking toegang hebben tot uw berichten, antwoorden, bijnamen, avatars. Deze informatie valt dus niet onder dit Privacybeleid. Lees de Gedragscode voordat u het Forum gebruikt.
Privacybeleid voor kinderen
Zoals vermeld in de
Gebruiksvoorwaarden
, verzamelen of vragen wij niet bewust Persoonlijke Gegevens van personen jonger dan 16 jaar. Als je jonger bent dan 16 jaar, probeer je dan niet te registreren voor de Diensten en stuur ons geen Persoonsgegevens van jezelf. Als wij ontdekken dat wij per ongeluk Persoonsgegevens hebben verzameld van een kind jonger dan 16 jaar, zullen wij deze Persoonsgegevens onmiddellijk uit ons systeem verwijderen. Als u denkt dat een kind jonger dan 16 jaar ons Persoonsgegevens heeft verstrekt, neem dan contact met ons op via
privacy@meross.com
.
Waarom verzamelen wij informatie?
Wij verzamelen verschillende soorten Persoonsgegevens van onze gebruikers, zoals hieronder nader wordt toegelicht. Wij doen dit omdat het noodzakelijk is om contractuele verplichtingen na te komen die wij u verschuldigd zijn en voor onze legitieme belangen om producten en diensten te leveren, onze relatie met u te onderhouden en ons bedrijf te beschermen. Als u ervoor kiest ons niet de Persoonsgegevens te verstrekken die wij nodig hebben om u een product of dienst te leveren, kunnen wij deze niet leveren. Wij gebruiken deze Persoonsgegevens in verband met onze Diensten, waaronder:
1. om u in staat te stellen een gebruikersaccount, profiel en onze producten in te stellen;
2. om u in staat te stellen beoordelingen en recensies van verschillende producten en diensten te plaatsen via e-mail of Meross app;
3. om de basisfunctionaliteit van onze producten en diensten te bieden;
4. om onze diensten te personaliseren en te verbeteren;
5. om contact met u op te nemen, u te informeren over updates en te reageren op uw feedback en hulpverzoeken;
6. om te voldoen aan uw verzoeken, met inbegrip van maar niet beperkt tot gegevensaanvragen, voor bepaalde producten en diensten;
7. om u in staat te stellen u te abonneren op marketinginformatie en promotieberichten van ons;
8. om u in staat te stellen u aan te melden voor een weggeefactie of promotie of om beta-tester te worden;
9. om u in staat te stellen ons vragen te stellen;
10. om interne gegevensanalyse uit te voeren om ons te helpen begrijpen hoe onze diensten worden gebruikt;
11. om de veiligheid van uw gegevens te waarborgen
12. om te voldoen aan de wet en andere normen onder bepaalde verzoeken van gerechtelijke processen of overheidsinstanties die jurisdictie hebben of claimen over Meross of haar gelieerde ondernemingen.
De Persoonsgegevens die u worden gevraagd te verstrekken, en de redenen waarom u wordt gevraagd deze te verstrekken, zullen u duidelijk worden gemaakt op het moment dat wij u vragen uw Persoonsgegevens te verstrekken.
Welke informatie verzamelen we en hoe gebruiken we die?
Informatie die u ons verstrekt
Wij verzamelen en bewaren alle informatie die u bewust aan ons verstrekt. Bijvoorbeeld, via het registratie proces en/of via uw account instellingen, kunnen wij Persoonlijke Gegevens verzamelen zoals uw email adres, wachtwoord, gebruikersnaam, verjaardag die u heeft ingesteld, locatie inclusief geo-fence, Land/Regio code die u heeft ingesteld en tijdzone, social media url, groep en apparaat namen, apparaat locatie namen, apparaat of groep afbeeldingen die u upload, App namen, App configuratie details, informatie in e-mail of bericht dat u ons stuurt. Wij kunnen uw zakelijke contactgegevens verzamelen om diensten op zakelijk niveau te verlenen. wij kunnen uw interesses of hobby's verzamelen via uw gebruikersactiviteit wanneer u met ons of onze Service interageert, zodat wij u beter kunnen begrijpen en u betere diensten kunnen verlenen. Bepaalde informatie kan vereist zijn om u te registreren of sommige van onze functies te gebruiken.
Voor Persoonsgegevens die u aan ons verstrekt via Meross app met uw bevestigende toestemming in uw besturingssysteem van uw mobiele apparaat, vermelden wij ze hieronder zodat u de details kunt leren.
Identificatiemiddelen
Dit omvat Persoonsgegevens zoals E-mail, gebruikersnaam, wachtwoord, UID en apparaatinformatie. Dit omvat ook andere informatie die mogelijk kan worden gebruikt om u te identificeren, zoals de namen en afbeeldingen die u associeert met accountgebruikers, uw locaties, apparaten, scènes, apparaatconfiguratiegegevens, demografische informatie.
Locatie
Meross app heeft uw exacte locatie nodig om de nabijgelegen apparaten te scannen tijdens het installatieproces. Zowel precieze locatie als geschatte locatie zal werken voor schema's die u eventueel instelt. Meross app gebruikt deze locatie ook om de app functionaliteit te verzekeren, zoals de tijd van het apparaat, weerservice, lokale Routine uitvoering en lokale controle.
Foto's en video's
Meross zal enkel uw toestemming vragen voor toegang tot foto's en video's wanneer u foto's probeert te uploaden voor uw toestel icoon of uw Forum avatar.
Opslag
Dit is essentieel voor Meross app om te presteren door het lezen en schrijven van data, zoals cache en logs.
Camera
Dit is nodig wanneer u foto's probeert te nemen en deze probeert te uploaden naar de Meross app.
Melding
Dit is nodig wanneer u apparaten met meldingsfuncties gebruikt, zoals meldingen van garagedeuropeners, sensoren en thermostaten. We merken ook dat u informatie nodig heeft in Forum en Hot Deal sectie van Meross app.
Bluetooth
U kunt Bluetooth functies inschakelen na het inschakelen van de toestemming, inclusief het bedienen van de Meross apparaten, het verkrijgen van de status, het ontdekken en configureren van Meross apparaten. In deze functies zullen we communiceren met Meross apparaat via Bluetooth in deze scenario's: apparaat status weergeven op de home page, apparaat controle uitvoeren op de home page, Meross apparaten ontdekken op de home page en Meross apparaten toevoegen.
Lokaal netwerk
Aangezien Meross-apparaten lokaal kunnen worden bestuurd, net als Homekit-besturing. We hebben deze toestemming nodig om lokale apparaten te ontdekken en basisopdrachten voor apparaatbediening uit te voeren.
HomeKit (alleen voor iOS)
U kunt gerelateerde functies inschakelen na het inschakelen van HomeKit-machtigingen, waaronder het ontdekken van Meross-apparaten, het inschakelen van apparaatnetwerkconfiguratie, het besturen van Meross-apparaten en het controleren van apparaatstatus. Onder deze functies zullen we gegevens verwerken met de "Home"-app die met het iOS-systeem wordt geleverd via HomeKit in deze scenario's: HomeKit-apparaten ontdekken op de startpagina, HomeKit-apparaatnetwerkconfiguratie en controle.
Automatisch verzamelde informatie
Telkens wanneer u interactie heeft met onze Diensten (hetzij via een mobiele applicatie, onze IoT plugin, dienst van derden, App, browser of andere applicatie, het aansluiten van een fysiek apparaat op onze diensten, het aansluiten van een dienst van derden op onze diensten, of anderszins), kunnen wij automatisch informatie verzamelen en opslaan op onze servers, logs en databases van uw browser, applicatie, diensten of apparaat(en). Onze Services zijn met name ontworpen om u in staat te stellen verschillende fysieke apparaten (bijvoorbeeld de Meross Smart Plug, Smart Bulb, Smart Switch, etc.) aan te sluiten op de Services. Terwijl ze verbonden zijn met de Diensten, rapporteren deze apparaten automatisch informatie aan onze servers (inclusief informatie die u mogelijk hebt verstrekt bij het instellen of configureren van dat apparaat), wat Persoonsgegevens kan omvatten. Zoals apparaatnaam, apparaatlocatie, modelnummer, firmwareversie, hardwareversie, chipsetmodel, UUID, UID, activeringstijd, online tijd, drop off records, reconnect records, app open frequency, crash logs en instellingenparameters.
Andere informatie die automatisch via de voorgaande middelen wordt verzameld, kan bestaan uit uw IP-adres, MAC-adres, locatiegegevens, "cookie"-informatie, apparaattype, unieke apparaat-id's, advertentie-id's, mobiel apparaat, besturingssysteem, het type browser, demografische informatie, toepassing en/of apparaat(en) die u gebruikt om toegang te krijgen tot onze Diensten, doorklikpaden, de identiteit van de pagina of functie die u opvraagt of waarmee u interageert, tijd op de pagina en andere indicatoren van hoe u interageert met de Diensten. "Cookies" zijn identificatoren die wij overbrengen naar uw apparaat waarmee wij uw browser, toepassing of apparaat kunnen herkennen en ons kunnen vertellen hoe en wanneer verschillende pagina's en functies in onze Diensten worden bezocht of gebruikt en door hoeveel mensen.
U kunt de voorkeuren van uw browser, toepassing of apparaat wijzigen om de acceptatie van cookies door uw apparaat te voorkomen of te beperken, maar hierdoor kunt u mogelijk niet profiteren van sommige van onze functies. Houd er ook rekening mee dat onze systemen momenteel geen "Do Not Track"-signalen van browsers herkennen of erop reageren.
Informatie verzameld van derden
Als u onze Services gebruikt met accountgegevens van derden (bijvoorbeeld wanneer u onze IoT-plugin-service gebruikt, uw inloggegevens voor Facebook, Google of andere sites van derden).  Wij kunnen Persoonsgegevens van hen verzamelen. Alle Persoonsgegevens die wij van uw account van derden verzamelen, kunnen afhankelijk zijn van de privacy-instellingen van uw account van derden.
Voor sociale media kunnen gegevens zoals uw naam, e-mailadres, geslacht en leeftijd worden verzameld.  Als u uw accountgegevens van derden aan ons verstrekt, begrijpt u dat bepaalde inhoud en/of informatie in die accounts ("accountgegevens van derden") kan worden overgedragen naar uw account van Meross. Als u toestemming geeft voor dergelijke overdrachten, en die accountinformatie van derden die naar onze diensten wordt verzonden, valt onder dit privacybeleid; bijvoorbeeld avatars, profielinformatie, afbeeldingen, vrienden en andere geautoriseerde informatie.
Voor online winkels en detailhandels, als u onze Diensten koopt en onze Diensten beoordeelt, begrijpt u dat wij informatie kunnen verzamelen zoals uw aankoop, uw feedback en beoordelingen. Dergelijke informatie valt onder dit Privacybeleid.
Wij verzamelen alleen informatie van derden wanneer wij hebben gecontroleerd of deze derden uw toestemming hebben of anderszins wettelijk zijn toegestaan of verplicht uw Persoonsgegevens aan ons te verstrekken.
Hoe verwerken en gebruiken wij informatie?
Door de hierboven beschreven informatie te verzamelen, kunnen wij beter begrijpen wie onze Diensten gebruikt en welke inhoud en/of functie(s) voor u relevant en interessant zijn. Wij verzamelen ook informatie om u de juiste upgrade(s) en ondersteuning te bieden en om onze Diensten te verbeteren.
Wij kunnen uw Persoonsgegevens anonimiseren, zodat u niet individueel kunt worden geïdentificeerd, en die informatie aan onze partners verstrekken of gebruiken voor marketing- of promotieactiviteiten ("geaggregeerde informatie"). Wij kunnen ook geaggregeerde informatie verstrekken aan onze partners die dergelijke informatie kunnen gebruiken om te begrijpen hoe vaak en op welke manier mensen onze Diensten gebruiken. Echter, behalve zoals hieronder beschreven, verstrekken wij geen geaggregeerde informatie aan een partner op een manier die u persoonlijk, als individu, zou identificeren.
We kunnen informatie delen met onderstaande organisaties of voor onderstaande doeleinden:
Adverteerders
Wij kunnen adverteerders en/of handelspartners ("Adverteerders") toestaan om de gebruikers te kiezen die hun advertenties en/of promotionele aanbiedingen te zien krijgen. U stemt ermee in dat wij alle verzamelde informatie die wij van u hebben verzameld in niet-persoonlijk identificeerbare vorm aan een Adverteerder kunnen verstrekken, zodat die Adverteerder het juiste publiek voor die advertenties en/of aanbiedingen kan selecteren ("Gerichte reclame"). Wij kunnen bijvoorbeeld het feit dat u in San Francisco woont gebruiken om u advertenties of aanbiedingen te tonen voor bedrijven in San Francisco, maar wij zullen deze bedrijven niet vertellen wie u bent.
Voor meer informatie over uw opties met betrekking tot cookies en andere technologieën, en hoe u zich kunt afmelden voor Gerichte reclame, gaat u naar beneden naar - Uw rechten en keuzes.
Partners, Gelieerde Bedrijven
In bepaalde situaties kunnen partners, bedrijven waarmee wij gelieerd zijn ("Gelieerde Bedrijven") artikelen verkopen of diensten aan u verlenen via de Diensten (alleen of samen met ons), waaronder het kosteloos doorverkopen of leveren van Meross apparaten, het leveren van apparaten van derden of het leveren van unieke of aangepaste Apps. U kunt herkennen wanneer een Gelieerd Bedrijf verbonden is aan een dergelijke transactie of dienst op basis van de aanwezigheid van hun merk of een transactie die u rechtstreeks met dat Gelieerde Bedrijf uitvoert. Wij zullen uw Persoonsgegevens alleen met dat Gelieerde Bedrijf delen voor zover dit verband houdt met een dergelijke transactie of dienst, en voor zover u uitdrukkelijk aanvullende voorwaarden met dat Gelieerde Bedrijf hebt aanvaard waarbij u ons erkent en machtigt om uw Persoonsgegevens te delen. Deze aanvullende voorwaarden kunnen worden gepresenteerd als onderdeel van promotionele aanbiedingen (hetzij op de site van de Gelieerde Bedrijven of op Meross-branded eigendommen, waaronder onze commerce site op shop.meross.com, of in aangepaste installatiestappen die in de Diensten verschijnen. Wij hebben geen controle over het beleid en de praktijken van Gelieerde Bedrijven met betrekking tot privacy of iets anders, dus als u ervoor kiest om deel te nemen aan een transactie of dienst met betrekking tot een Gelieerd Bedrijf, dient u het beleid van al deze bedrijven of websites te bekijken. Als u besluit dat u niet langer Persoonsgegevens wilt delen met een Gelieerd Bedrijf, hebt u mogelijk geen recht meer op bepaalde voordelen van het Gelieerde Bedrijf of op toegang tot de Diensten zonder een nieuwe account of relatie met Meross aan te gaan.
Agenten
Wij nemen andere bedrijven en mensen in dienst om taken namens ons uit te voeren en moeten uw informatie met hen delen om onze producten of diensten aan u te leveren. Tenzij wij u anders vertellen, hebben onze agenten niet het recht om de Persoonsgegevens die wij met hen delen te gebruiken buiten hetgeen noodzakelijk is om ons bij te staan zoals omschreven in dit Privacybeleid.
Bedrijfsoverdrachten
Wij kunnen ervoor kiezen activa te kopen of te verkopen. In dit soort transacties zijn klantgegevens doorgaans een van de bedrijfsmiddelen die zouden worden overgedragen. Ook als wij (of onze activa) worden overgenomen, of als wij failliet gaan, of een andere wijziging in de zeggenschap ondergaan, zouden Persoonsgegevens een van de activa zijn die worden overgedragen aan of verworven door een derde partij.
Bescherming van Meross en anderen
Wij behouden ons het recht voor alle informatie te openen, te lezen, te bewaren en openbaar te maken indien wij dit redelijkerwijs noodzakelijk achten om te voldoen aan de wet of een gerechtelijk bevel; onze gebruiksvoorwaarden en andere overeenkomsten af te dwingen of toe te passen; of de rechten, eigendommen of veiligheid van Meross, onze medewerkers, onze gebruikers of anderen te beschermen. Dit omvat het uitwisselen van informatie met andere bedrijven en organisaties voor bescherming tegen fraude en vermindering van het kredietrisico.
Diensten van derden
Onze Diensten kunnen functies of links bevatten naar websites en diensten van derden. Als u op een link naar een site van een derde klikt, wordt u naar websites geleid die wij niet controleren. Alle informatie die u verstrekt op sites of diensten van derden kan rechtstreeks worden verstrekt aan de exploitanten van dergelijke diensten en is onderworpen aan het beleid van die exploitanten, indien van toepassing, met betrekking tot privacy en veiligheid, zelfs als de toegang via ons verloopt. Dit privacybeleid is niet van toepassing op het privacybeleid van die website. Lees het privacybeleid van andere websites zorgvuldig. Wij zijn niet verantwoordelijk voor deze sites of diensten van derden waarnaar links of toegang wordt verschaft via onze Diensten.
Daarnaast kunnen onze externe partners, waaronder advertentiepartners (hieronder besproken), webbakens gebruiken of cookies verzenden en lezen van uw browser, applicatie of apparaat wanneer u onze Services bezoekt of gebruikt (inclusief, maar niet beperkt tot, het verzamelen van informatie in verband met het programma Google Trusted Stores of Google Demographics and Interests). Dit Privacybeleid heeft geen betrekking op het gebruik van cookies door derden. Zorg ervoor dat u het privébeleid van een dergelijke derde partij begrijpt. Als u wilt weten welke andere opties u hebt, scrolt u naar beneden naar - Welke keuzes heb ik?
Zijn mijn persoonlijke gegevens veilig?
Uw account wordt beschermd door een wachtwoord of een pincode voor uw privacy en veiligheid. Als u toegang krijgt tot uw account via een site of dienst van een derde partij, is het mogelijk dat u via die site of dienst van een derde partij over aanvullende of andere aanmeldingsbescherming beschikt. U moet onbevoegde toegang tot uw account en Persoonsgegevens voorkomen door uw wachtwoord, PIN-code en/of ander aanmeldingsmechanisme op de juiste wijze te selecteren en te beschermen en de toegang tot uw computer of apparaat en browser of toepassing te beperken door u af te melden nadat u klaar bent met de toegang tot uw account.
Wij doen ons best om de privacy van uw account en andere Persoonsgegevens in onze administratie te beschermen, maar wij kunnen geen volledige veiligheid garanderen. Ongeautoriseerde toegang of gebruik, hardware- of softwarestoringen en andere factoren kunnen de veiligheid van gebruikersinformatie op elk moment in gevaar brengen. Wij zullen dit binnen 72 uur melden aan de toezichthouder en u informeren zodra wij weten dat dit gebeurt onder de regelgeving van GDPR.
Gegevensoverdracht
Wij zijn transnationale ondernemingen.  Wij kunnen uw Persoonsgegevens overdragen aan ontvangers in andere landen dan uw land. Deze landen hebben mogelijk niet dezelfde wetten inzake gegevensbescherming als het land waarin u de informatie aanvankelijk hebt verstrekt. Wanneer wij uw Persoonsgegevens naar andere landen overdragen, zullen wij die informatie nog steeds beschermen zoals beschreven in dit Privacybeleid.  Door onze Diensten te gebruiken of Persoonsgegevens te verstrekken, gaat u ermee akkoord dat uw Persoonsgegevens worden overgedragen, verwerkt en opgeslagen buiten het land waar u woont, indien de toepasselijke wetgeving dit toestaat.
Als u zich in de Europese Economische Ruimte ("EER") bevindt, voldoen wij aan de toepasselijke wettelijke vereisten die adequate waarborgen bieden voor de overdracht van Persoonsgegevens naar andere landen dan het land waar u zich bevindt. Wij maken met name gebruik van contractuele bescherming voor de overdracht van Persoonsgegevens aan derden, zoals de Standaard Contractuele Clausules van de Europese Commissie.
Bewaring van Persoonsgegevens
Wij bewaren uw Persoonsgegevens alleen voor de doeleinden waarvoor ze zijn verzameld, zoals vereist voor legitieme zakelijke doeleinden zoals beschreven in dit Privacybeleid, of anderszins wettelijk toegestaan. Wanneer wij Persoonsgegevens niet langer hoeven te gebruiken of wanneer u verzoekt deze te verwijderen, zullen wij deze uit onze systemen en bestanden verwijderen en/of stappen ondernemen om deze te anonimiseren zodat u er niet langer uit kunt worden geïdentificeerd.
Om de juiste bewaarperiode voor Persoonsgegevens te bepalen, houden wij rekening met de hoeveelheid, aard en gevoeligheid van de Persoonsgegevens, het potentiële risico van schade door onbevoegd gebruik of openbaarmaking van uw Persoonsgegevens, de doeleinden waarvoor wij uw Persoonsgegevens verwerken en of wij die doeleinden op een andere manier kunnen bereiken, en de toepasselijke wettelijke vereisten.
Uw rechten en keuzes
Persoonsgegevens waartoe u toegang hebt
Via uw account en service-instellingen kunt u toegang vragen tot de volgende informatie die u aan ons hebt verstrekt en deze in sommige gevallen bewerken of verwijderen:
1. Gebruikersnaam en wachtwoord/PIN
2. E-mailadres
3. Locatie, groep en apparaatinformatie
4. Informatie over gebruikersprofiel
5. App informatie
De informatie die u kunt bekijken, bijwerken en verwijderen kan veranderen als de Services veranderen. Als u vragen hebt over het bekijken, bijwerken of verwijderen van informatie die wij over u hebben, neem dan contact met ons op via
privacy@meross.com
.
Keuzes die u heeft
Marketing e-mails:
Wanneer u besluit geen marketinginformatie van ons te willen ontvangen, kunt u uw voorkeur aangeven door te klikken op "uitschrijven" of "abonnementsvoorkeuren bijwerken" communicatie op serviceniveau die wij van cruciaal belang achten voor uw gebruik van de Diensten. Houd er rekening mee dat als u zich afmeldt voor onze e-mail, u geen promotie of andere marketinginformatie kunt ontvangen totdat u zich opnieuw aanmeldt. U kunt uw toestemming om marketing e-mails te ontvangen ook verlenen en intrekken in Meross app > Gebruiker >Afmelding marketing e-mail.
Cookies:
Als u het gebruik van bepaalde cookies niet langer wilt accepteren, helpt de "help"-functie van de meeste browsers u bestaande cookies uit te schakelen en het ontvangen van toekomstige cookies te stoppen.
Communicatie-e-mails:
Wanneer u besluit geen communicatie van ons te willen ontvangen, kunt u uw voorkeur aangeven door te klikken op 'afmelden voor deze lijst of 'abonnementsvoorkeur bijwerken' onderaan de e-mail die u hebt ontvangen. Houd er rekening mee dat als u zich uitschrijft van onze e-mail, u geen updates en feedback van uw vragen of andere communicatie-informatie kunt ontvangen totdat u zich opnieuw inschrijft.
Diensten:
U kunt er altijd voor kiezen geen informatie te verstrekken, maar houd er rekening mee dat sommige informatie nodig kan zijn om u bij ons te registreren of om gebruik te maken van sommige van onze speciale functies of de Diensten in welke vorm dan ook.
U kunt verzoeken om Persoonsgegevens toe te voegen, bij te werken of te verwijderen in de Meross app door te gaan naar Gebruiker > Account. Wanneer u informatie bijwerkt, kunnen wij echter een kopie van de niet herziene informatie in onze administratie bewaren. U kunt ook verzoeken om verwijdering van uw account door een e-mail te sturen naar
privacy@meross.com
. Houd er rekening mee dat sommige informatie in onze administratie kan blijven nadat u deze hebt verwijderd om te voldoen aan specifieke bedrijfs- en regelgevingsbehoeften en/of om te voldoen aan de vereisten voor het bewaren van dergelijke informatie uit uw account. Wij kunnen geanonimiseerde of geaggregeerde gegevens die zijn afgeleid van uw Persoonsgegevens of waarin uw Persoonsgegevens zijn verwerkt, gebruiken nadat u hebt verzocht deze bij te werken of te verwijderen, maar niet op een manier die u persoonlijk zou identificeren.
Merk op
dat indien u toestemming verleent, wanneer u de Meross app gebruikt, u ons machtigt om relevante Persoonsgegevens te verzamelen en te gebruiken om u de overeenkomstige Diensten te verlenen. Zodra u een toestemming intrekt, zullen wij dit opvatten als een annulering van de toestemming, en zullen wij niet langer doorgaan met het verzamelen van Persoonsgegevens op basis van de overeenkomstige toestemmingen, en de gerelateerde functies kunnen worden beëindigd. Uw beslissing om de toestemming in te trekken heeft echter geen invloed op eerdere verzameling en gebruik van gegevens op basis van uw eerdere toestemming. U kunt verzoeken om verwijdering van uw ingevoerde Persoonsgegevens zoals hierboven beschreven.
Uw Californische privacyrechten
Volgens California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, hebben inwoners van Californië het recht om ons te vragen om een mededeling waarin de categorieën Persoonsgegevens die wij delen met onze filialen en/of derden voor marketingdoeleinden worden geïdentificeerd en waarin contactinformatie voor dergelijke filialen en/of derden wordt verstrekt. U kunt ons ook vragen af te zien van het delen van uw Persoonsgegevens met derden voor hun marketingdoeleinden Als u een inwoner van Californië bent en een kopie van deze mededeling wilt of wilt verzoeken dat wij afzien van het delen van uw gegevens met derden voor hun marketingdoeleinden, kunt u een schriftelijk verzoek indienen bij:
Meross Technology Co, Ltd.
Floor 3, Building A5, ShiJiCheng Road No. 1129, Gaoxin, Free Trade Trial Zone, Chengdu, China.
Bijwerken en wijzigen van dit privacybeleid
We proberen voortdurend onze Diensten te verbeteren, dus het kan zijn dat we dit Privacybeleid van tijd tot tijd moeten wijzigen. we zullen de herziene versie hier plaatsen, met een bijgewerkte herzieningsdatum. Wij raden u aan deze pagina's regelmatig te bezoeken om van dergelijke herzieningen op de hoogte te zijn en ze te bekijken. Ook zullen wij u op de hoogte brengen van de wijzigingen door een bericht te plaatsen in de Diensten en/of door u een e-mail te sturen, tenzij wij niet over uw e-mailadres beschikken. Dergelijke kennisgevingen blijven van toepassing op uw gebruik van de Diensten en u bent verantwoordelijk voor het lezen en begrijpen ervan. U bent gebonden aan wijzigingen in het Privacybeleid wanneer u de Diensten gebruikt nadat dergelijke wijzigingen zijn geplaatst. Het gebruik van de informatie die we nu verzamelen is onderworpen aan het Privacybeleid dat van kracht is op het moment dat dergelijke informatie wordt gebruikt.
Hoe ons te contacteren
Als u vragen of zorgen hebt over ons privacybeleid, stuur ons dan een gedetailleerd bericht op
privacy@meross.com
, en we zullen proberen uw problemen op te lossen.
سياسة الخصوصية
تم التحديث: 18 يوليو 2022
تاريخ السريان: 25 يوليو 2022
تلتزم شركة Chengdu Meross Technology Co.، Ltd. والشركات التابعة لها والشركات التابعة لها (يشار إليها جميعًا باسم "Meross" أو "نحن" أو "نحن" أو "خاصتنا") بحماية خصوصيتك ونأخذ خصوصيتك على محمل الجد. تغطي هذه السياسة الخاصة سبب وماذا وكيف نقوم بجمع البيانات الشخصية وتخزينها واستخدامها ومشاركتها ونقلها ومعالجتها بأي طريقة أخرى لزوار أي موقع ويب وعملاء مستهلكين ومستخدمي التطبيق وغيرهم من الأفراد الذين يستخدمون خدماتنا ويتفاعلون معنا (مجتمعين ، "أنت "أو" نفسك "أو" لك "). نطلب منك قراءة هذه السياسة الخاصة قبل استخدامك لموقعنا (مواقعنا) والمنتجات والخدمات وتطبيقات الهاتف المحمول والمكونات الإضافية لإنترنت الأشياء والبرامج الأخرى (يشار إليها مجتمعة باسم "الخدمات"). في سياسة الخصوصية هذه ، ستجد أيضًا كيفية ممارسة حقوقك في الوصول إلى بياناتك الشخصية وتحديثها وحذفها وكذلك كيفية منح الموافقة على اشتراكات التسويق وسحبها.
باستخدام أو الوصول إلى خدماتنا بأي شكل من الأشكال ، فإنك تقر بأنك تقبل وتوافق على الممارسات والسياسات الموضحة في سياسة الخصوصية هذه ، وتوافق بموجب هذا على أننا سنجمع معلوماتك ونستخدمها ونشاركها بالطرق التالية.
تذكر أن استخدامك لخدماتنا يخضع في جميع الأوقات لشروط الاستخدام ، التي تتضمن سياسة الخصوصية هذه. أي مصطلحات نستخدمها في هذه السياسة الخاصة دون تعريفها لها التعريفات المقدمة لها في
شروط الاستخدام
.
إذا كنت في المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية ("EEA") ، بالنسبة للائحة حماية البيانات العامة للاتحاد الأوروبي 2016/679 ("GDPR") ، فإن المتحكم في البيانات هو Meross. إذا كانت لديك أي أسئلة أو استفسارات ، فلا تتردد في الاتصال بنا على
privacy@meross.com
.
ماذا تغطي سياسة الخصوصية هذه؟
تغطي سياسة الخصوصية هذه معالجتنا لمعلومات التعريف الشخصية ("البيانات الشخصية") التي نجمعها عند الوصول إلى خدماتنا أو استخدامها ، ولكن ليس مع ممارسات الشركات التي لا نملكها أو نتحكم فيها ، أو الأشخاص الذين لا نمتلكهم. تدبير. سيتم اعتبار جميع المنشورات والردود والألقاب والصور الرمزية في منتدانا على أنها معلومات عامة وليست بيانات شخصية ، ويرجى عدم مشاركة بياناتك الشخصية في المنتدى لأن جميع المستخدمين في المجتمع سيكونون قادرين على الوصول إلى مشاركاتك وردودك وألقابك ، الصور الرمزية دون أي قيود. وبالتالي لن يتم تغطية هذه المعلومات من خلال سياسة الخصوصية هذه. يرجى قراءة مدونة قواعد السلوك قبل استخدام المنتدى.
سياسة خصوصية الأطفال
كما هو مذكور في
شروط الاستخدام
، نحن لا نجمع أو نطلب عن قصد بيانات شخصية من أي شخص يقل عمره عن 16 عامًا. إذا كان عمرك أقل من 16 عامًا ، فيرجى عدم محاولة التسجيل في الخدمات أو إرسال أي بيانات شخصية خاصة بك إلينا. إذا علمنا أننا قد جمعنا بيانات شخصية من طفل دون سن 16 عن غير قصد ، فسنحذف تلك البيانات الشخصية في نظامنا على الفور. إذا كنت تعتقد أن طفلًا أقل من 16 عامًا قد زودنا ببيانات شخصية ، فيرجى الاتصال بنا على
privacy@meross.com
.
لماذا نجمع المعلومات؟
نجمع أنواعًا مختلفة من البيانات الشخصية من مستخدمينا ، كما هو موضح بمزيد من التفصيل أدناه. نقوم بذلك لأنه من الضروري أداء الالتزامات التعاقدية التي ندين بها لك ولمصالحنا المشروعة في تقديم المنتجات والخدمات والحفاظ على علاقتنا معك وحماية أعمالنا. إذا اخترت عدم تزويدنا بالبيانات الشخصية التي نحتاجها لتزويدك بمنتج أو خدمة ، فلن نتمكن من توفيرها. نستخدم هذه البيانات الشخصية فيما يتعلق بخدماتنا ، بما في ذلك:
1. للسماح لك بإعداد حساب مستخدم وملف تعريف وإعداد منتجاتنا ؛
2. للسماح لك بنشر التقييمات والمراجعات لمختلف المنتجات والخدمات عبر البريد الإلكتروني أو تطبيق Meross ؛
3. لتوفير الوظائف الأساسية لمنتجاتنا وخدماتنا ؛
4. لتخصيص خدماتنا وتحسينها ؛
5. للاتصال بك وإبلاغك بالتحديثات والرد على ملاحظاتك وطلبات المساعدة ؛
6. لتلبية طلباتك ، بما في ذلك على سبيل المثال لا الحصر ، استفسارات البيانات لمنتجات وخدمات معينة ؛
7. للسماح لك بالاشتراك في معلومات التسويق والإشعارات الترويجية منا ؛
8. للسماح لك بالتقدم للحصول على منحة أو عرض ترويجي أو أن تصبح مختبِرًا تجريبيًا ؛
9. للسماح لك بإرسال استفسارات إلينا ؛
10. للقيام بتحليل البيانات الداخلية لمساعدتنا على فهم كيفية استخدام خدماتنا ؛
11. لضمان أمن بياناتك ؛
12. للامتثال للقانون والمعايير الأخرى بموجب طلبات معينة من الإجراءات القضائية أو الوكالات الحكومية التي لديها أو تدعي الاختصاص القضائي على Meross أو الشركات التابعة لها.
سيتم توضيح البيانات الشخصية التي يُطلب منك تقديمها ، وأسباب مطالبتك بتقديمها ، في الوقت الذي نطلب منك فيه تقديم بياناتك الشخصية.
ما المعلومات التي نجمعها وكيف نستخدمها؟
المعلومات التي تقدمها لنا
نقوم بجمع وتخزين أي معلومات تزودنا بها عن عمد. على سبيل المثال ، من خلال عملية التسجيل و / أو من خلال إعدادات حسابك ، قد نقوم بجمع البيانات الشخصية مثل عنوان بريدك الإلكتروني وكلمة المرور واسم المستخدم وتاريخ الميلاد الذي تحدده والموقع بما في ذلك السياج الجغرافي ورمز البلد / المنطقة الذي تحدده والمنطقة الزمنية أو عنوان url للوسائط الاجتماعية أو أسماء المجموعات والجهاز أو أسماء مواقع الجهاز أو صور الجهاز أو المجموعة التي تقوم بتحميلها أو أسماء التطبيقات أو تفاصيل تكوين التطبيق أو المعلومات الواردة في البريد الإلكتروني أو الرسالة التي ترسلها إلينا. قد نقوم بجمع تفاصيل الاتصال التجارية الخاصة بك من أجل تقديم الخدمات على مستوى الأعمال. قد نجمع اهتماماتك أو هواياتك من خلال نشاط المستخدم الخاص بك عندما تتفاعل معنا أو مع خدمتنا حتى نتمكن من فهمك بشكل أفضل وتقديم خدمات أفضل لك. قد تكون هناك حاجة إلى معلومات معينة للتسجيل أو استخدام بعض ميزاتنا.
بالنسبة إلى البيانات الشخصية التي تقدمها لنا عبر تطبيق Meross بموافقتك الإيجابية في نظام التشغيل الخاص بجهازك المحمول ، فإننا ندرجها أدناه حتى تتمكن من معرفة التفاصيل.
معرفات
يتضمن ذلك البيانات الشخصية مثل البريد الإلكتروني واسم المستخدم وكلمة المرور والمعرف الفريد ومعلومات الجهاز. يتضمن هذا أيضًا معلومات أخرى يمكن استخدامها لتحديد هويتك ، مثل الأسماء والصور التي تربطها بمستخدمي الحساب ، والمواقع ، والأجهزة ، والمشاهد ، وتفاصيل تكوين الجهاز ، والمعلومات الديموغرافية.
موقع
يحتاج تطبيق Meross إلى موقعك الدقيق لفحص الأجهزة القريبة أثناء عملية الإعداد. سيعمل كل من الموقع الدقيق والموقع التقريبي للجداول التي تحددها ، إن وجدت. يستخدم تطبيق Meross أيضًا هذا الموقع لضمان وظائف التطبيق مثل وقت الجهاز وخدمة الطقس وتنفيذ الروتين المحلي والتحكم المحلي.
الصور ومقاطع الفيديو
سيطلب Meross إذنك فقط للوصول إلى الصور ومقاطع الفيديو عندما تحاول تحميل الصور لأيقونة جهازك أو الصورة الرمزية للمنتدى.
تخزين
يعد هذا ضروريًا لتطبيق Meross للعمل من خلال قراءة البيانات وكتابتها ، مثل ذاكرة التخزين المؤقت والسجلات.
الة تصوير
هذا ضروري عند محاولة التقاط الصور وتحميلها إلى تطبيق Meross.
إشعار
هذا ضروري عند استخدام أجهزة ذات وظائف تنبيه ، مثل التنبيهات من فتاحة باب المرآب وأجهزة الاستشعار وأجهزة الترموستات. نلاحظ أيضًا المعلومات التي تحتاجها في قسم المنتدى والصفقة الساخنة في تطبيق Meross.
بلوتوث
يمكنك تمكين وظائف Bluetooth بعد تشغيل الإذن ، بما في ذلك التحكم في أجهزة Meross ، واكتساب الحالة ، واكتشاف أجهزة Meross وتكوينها. في هذه الوظائف ، سنتواصل مع جهاز Meross عبر البلوتوث في هذه السيناريوهات: عرض حالة الجهاز على الصفحة الرئيسية ، والتحكم في الجهاز على الصفحة الرئيسية ، واكتشاف أجهزة Meross على الصفحة الرئيسية وإضافة أجهزة Meross.
شبكه محليه
حيث يمكن التحكم في أجهزة Meross محليًا تمامًا مثل تحكم Homekit. نحتاج إلى هذا الإذن لاكتشاف الأجهزة المحلية وتنفيذ أوامر التحكم الأساسية في الجهاز.
HomeKit (لنظام iOS فقط)
يمكنك تمكين الوظائف ذات الصلة بعد تمكين أذونات HomeKit ، بما في ذلك اكتشاف أجهزة Meross ، وتمكين تكوين شبكة الجهاز ، والتحكم في أجهزة Meross ، والتحقق من حالة الجهاز. من بين هذه الوظائف ، سنقوم بمعالجة البيانات باستخدام تطبيق "Home" الذي يأتي مع نظام iOS من خلال HomeKit في هذه السيناريوهات: اكتشاف أجهزة HomeKit على الصفحة الرئيسية ، وتكوين شبكة جهاز HomeKit والتحكم فيها.
يتم جمع المعلومات تلقائيًا
عندما تتفاعل مع خدماتنا (سواء عبر تطبيق الهاتف المحمول ، أو المكون الإضافي IoT الخاص بنا ، أو خدمة الطرف الثالث ، أو التطبيق ، أو المتصفح ، أو أي تطبيق آخر ، أو توصيل جهاز مادي بخدماتنا ، أو توصيل خدمة جهة خارجية بخدماتنا ، أو غير ذلك ) ، يجوز لنا جمع المعلومات وتخزينها تلقائيًا على خوادمنا وسجلاتنا وقواعد بياناتنا من متصفحك أو تطبيقك أو خدماتك أو جهازك (أجهزتك). على وجه الخصوص ، تم تصميم خدماتنا للسماح لك بتوصيل العديد من الأجهزة المادية (على سبيل المثال ، Meross Smart Plug ، Smart Bulb ، Smart Switch ، إلخ) بالخدمات. أثناء الاتصال بالخدمات ، تقوم هذه الأجهزة تلقائيًا بإبلاغ المعلومات إلى خوادمنا (بما في ذلك المعلومات التي قد تكون قدمتها عند إعداد هذا الجهاز أو تكوينه) ، والتي قد تتضمن بيانات شخصية. مثل اسم الجهاز ، وموقع الجهاز ، ورقم الطراز ، وإصدار البرنامج الثابت ، وإصدار الجهاز ، وطراز مجموعة الشرائح ، و UUID ، و UID ، ووقت التنشيط ، والوقت عبر الإنترنت ، وسجلات الإنزال ، وإعادة توصيل السجلات ، وتكرار فتح التطبيق ، وسجلات الأعطال ، ومعلمات الإعدادات.
قد تتضمن المعلومات الأخرى التي يتم جمعها تلقائيًا من خلال الوسائل السابقة عنوان IP الخاص بك ، وعنوان MAC ، وتفاصيل الموقع ، ومعلومات "ملف تعريف الارتباط" ، ونوع الجهاز ، ومعرفات الجهاز الفريدة ، ومعرفات الإعلانات ، والجهاز المحمول ، ونظام التشغيل ، ونوع المتصفح ، والمعلومات الديموغرافية ، والتطبيق و / أو الجهاز (الأجهزة) الذي تستخدمه للوصول إلى خدماتنا ، ومسارات النقر ، وهوية الصفحة أو الميزة التي تطلبها أو تتفاعل معها ، والوقت المستغرق في الصفحة ، والمؤشرات الأخرى لكيفية تفاعلك مع الخدمات . "ملفات تعريف الارتباط" هي معرفات ننقلها إلى جهازك وتسمح لنا بالتعرف على متصفحك أو تطبيقك أو جهازك وإخبارنا كيف ومتى تتم زيارة أو استخدام صفحات وميزات مختلفة في خدماتنا وعدد الأشخاص.
قد تتمكن من تغيير التفضيلات على متصفحك أو تطبيقك أو جهازك لمنع أو تقييد قبول جهازك لملفات تعريف الارتباط ، ولكن هذا قد يمنعك من الاستفادة من بعض ميزاتنا. يُرجى أيضًا ملاحظة أن أنظمتنا لا تتعرف حاليًا على إشارات "عدم التعقب" أو تستجيب لها في المتصفح.
المعلومات التي تم جمعها من أطراف ثالثة
إذا كنت تستخدم خدماتنا مع بيانات اعتماد حساب جهة خارجية (على سبيل المثال ، عند استخدام خدمة المكوِّن الإضافي لإنترنت الأشياء ، أو بيانات اعتماد تسجيل الدخول الخاصة بك لـ Facebook أو Google أو مواقع الجهات الخارجية الأخرى). قد نقوم بجمع البيانات الشخصية منهم. قد تعتمد أي بيانات شخصية نجمعها من حساب الطرف الثالث الخاص بك على إعدادات الخصوصية لحساب الطرف الثالث الخاص بك.
بالنسبة لوسائل التواصل الاجتماعي ، قد يتم جمع معلومات مثل اسمك وعنوان بريدك الإلكتروني والجنس والعمر. إذا قدمت لنا بيانات اعتماد حساب الطرف الثالث الخاص بك ، فأنت تفهم أن بعض المحتوى و / أو المعلومات الموجودة في تلك الحسابات ("معلومات حساب الطرف الثالث") قد يتم إرسالها إلى حسابك في Meross. إذا سمحت بمثل هذه الإرسالات ، وكانت معلومات حساب الطرف الثالث المنقولة إلى خدماتنا مشمولة بسياسة الخصوصية هذه ؛ على سبيل المثال ، الصور الرمزية ومعلومات الملف الشخصي والصور والأصدقاء وغيرها من المعلومات المصرح بها.
بالنسبة إلى المتاجر عبر الإنترنت ومتاجر البيع بالتجزئة ، إذا قمت بشراء خدماتنا وراجعت خدماتنا ، فأنت تدرك أننا قد نجمع معلومات مثل مشترياتك وتعليقاتك ومراجعاتك. تغطي سياسة الخصوصية هذه المعلومات.
نحن نجمع المعلومات فقط من الأطراف الثالثة التي تحققنا فيها من أن هذه الأطراف الثالثة إما حصلت على موافقتك أو مسموح بها قانونًا أو مطلوب منها الكشف عن بياناتك الشخصية لنا.
كيف نعالج ونستخدم المعلومات؟
يمكّننا جمع المعلومات الموضحة أعلاه من فهمك بشكل أفضل لمن يستخدم خدماتنا وما هو المحتوى و / أو الميزة (الميزات) ذات الصلة والتي تهمك. نقوم أيضًا بجمع المعلومات لتزويدك بالترقية (الترقيات) المناسبة والدعم ولتحسين خدماتنا.
قد نجعل بياناتك الشخصية مجهولة الهوية بحيث لا يمكن تحديد هويتك بشكل فردي ، ونقدم تلك المعلومات لشركائنا أو نستخدم تلك المعلومات لعناصر تسويقية أو ترويجية ("المعلومات المجمعة"). قد نقدم أيضًا معلومات مجمعة لشركائنا الذين قد يستخدمون هذه المعلومات لفهم عدد المرات والطرق التي يستخدم بها الأشخاص خدماتنا. ومع ذلك ، باستثناء ما هو موضح أدناه ، فإننا لا نكشف عن المعلومات المجمعة لشريك بطريقة من شأنها أن تحدد هويتك الشخصية ، كفرد.
يجوز لنا مشاركة المعلومات مع المؤسسات أدناه أو للأغراض التالية:
المعلنين
قد نسمح للمعلنين و / أو الشركاء التجاريين ("المعلنون") باختيار المستخدمين الذين سيرون إعلاناتهم و / أو عروضهم الترويجية. أنت توافق على أنه يجوز لنا تقديم أي من المعلومات المجمعة التي جمعناها منك بشكل غير شخصي إلى المعلن ، حتى يتمكن هذا المعلن من تحديد الجمهور المناسب لتلك الإعلانات و / أو العروض ("الإعلان المستهدف"). على سبيل المثال ، قد نستخدم حقيقة أنك موجود في سان فرانسيسكو لنعرض لك إعلانات أو عروض لشركات سان فرانسيسكو ، لكننا لن نخبر مثل هذه الشركات عنك.
للتعرف على خياراتك فيما يتعلق بملفات تعريف الارتباط والتقنيات الأخرى ، بالإضافة إلى كيفية إلغاء الاشتراك في الإعلانات المستهدفة ، قم بالتمرير لأسفل إلى - حقوقك وخياراتك.
الشركاء والشركات التابعة
في حالات معينة ، يجوز للشركاء والشركات التي ننتمي إليها ("الشركات التابعة") بيع عناصر أو تقديم خدمات لك من خلال الخدمات (إما بمفردنا أو بالاشتراك معنا) ، بما في ذلك إعادة بيع أو توفير أجهزة Meross مجانًا ، وتقديم خدمات ثالثة أجهزة طرف ، أو تقديم تطبيقات فريدة أو مخصصة. يمكنك التعرف على الوقت الذي ترتبط فيه شركة تابعة بمثل هذه المعاملة أو الخدمة بناءً على وجود علامتها التجارية أو المعاملة التي تجريها مباشرةً مع تلك الشركة التابعة. لن نشارك بياناتك الشخصية مع تلك الشركة التابعة إلا بالقدر الذي ترتبط فيه بهذه المعاملة أو الخدمة ، وإلى الحد الذي تقبل فيه صراحةً الشروط الإضافية مع تلك الشركة التابعة ، حيث تقر وتصرح لنا بمشاركة بياناتك الشخصية. . قد يتم تقديم هذه الشروط الإضافية كجزء من العروض الترويجية (إما على موقع الشركات التابعة أو على الممتلكات التي تحمل علامة Meross التجارية بما في ذلك موقع التجارة الخاص بنا على shop.meross.com ، أو ضمن خطوات الإعداد المخصصة التي تظهر في الخدمات. ليس لدينا السيطرة على سياسات وممارسات الشركات التابعة فيما يتعلق بالخصوصية أو أي شيء آخر ، لذلك إذا اخترت المشاركة في أي معاملة أو خدمة تتعلق بشركة تابعة ، فيرجى مراجعة جميع سياسات الأعمال أو مواقع الويب هذه. إذا قررت لا لم تعد ترغب في مشاركة البيانات الشخصية مع شركة تابعة ، فقد لا يحق لك الحصول على مزايا معينة من الشركة التابعة أو الوصول إلى الخدمات دون إنشاء حساب جديد أو علاقة مع Meross.
عملاء
نحن نوظف شركات وأشخاصًا آخرين لأداء المهام نيابة عنا ونحتاج إلى مشاركة معلوماتك معهم لتقديم منتجاتنا أو خدماتنا لك. ما لم نخبرك بشكل مختلف ، لا يملك وكلاؤنا أي حق في استخدام البيانات الشخصية التي نشاركها معهم بخلاف ما هو ضروري لمساعدتنا على النحو المحدد في سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
تحويلات الأعمال
قد نختار شراء أو بيع الأصول. في هذه الأنواع من المعاملات ، تكون معلومات العميل عادةً أحد أصول الأعمال التي سيتم نقلها. أيضًا ، إذا تم الاستحواذ علينا (أو أصولنا) ، أو إذا توقفنا عن العمل ، أو دخلنا في الإفلاس ، أو مررنا ببعض التغييرات الأخرى في السيطرة ، فستكون البيانات الشخصية أحد الأصول التي يتم نقلها أو الحصول عليها من قبل طرف ثالث.
حماية Meross وغيرها
نحتفظ بالحق في الوصول إلى أي معلومات نعتقد أنها ضرورية بشكل معقول للامتثال للقانون أو أمر المحكمة وقراءتها والحفاظ عليها والكشف عنها ؛ فرض أو تطبيق شروط الاستخدام والاتفاقيات الأخرى الخاصة بنا ؛ أو حماية حقوق أو ممتلكات أو سلامة Meross أو موظفينا أو مستخدمينا أو غيرهم. ويشمل ذلك تبادل المعلومات مع الشركات والمؤسسات الأخرى للحماية من الاحتيال والحد من مخاطر الائتمان.
خدمات الطرف الثالث
قد تحتوي خدماتنا على ميزات أو روابط لمواقع وخدمات مقدمة من جهات خارجية. إذا نقرت على رابط إلى موقع طرف ثالث ، فسيتم نقلك إلى مواقع لا نتحكم فيها. قد يتم تقديم أي معلومات تقدمها على مواقع أو خدمات الجهات الخارجية مباشرة إلى مشغلي هذه الخدمات وتخضع لسياسات هؤلاء المشغلين ، إن وجدت ، التي تحكم الخصوصية والأمان ، حتى لو تم الوصول إليها من خلالنا. لا تنطبق سياسة الخصوصية هذه على ممارسات الخصوصية لهذا الموقع. اقرأ سياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بالمواقع الأخرى بعناية. نحن لسنا مسؤولين عن مواقع أو خدمات الأطراف الثالثة التي يتم توفير الروابط أو الوصول إليها من خلال خدماتنا.
بالإضافة إلى ذلك ، يجوز لشركائنا الخارجيين ، بما في ذلك شركاء الإعلان (الموضحين أدناه) ، استخدام إشارات الويب أو نقل ملفات تعريف الارتباط وقراءة ملفات تعريف الارتباط من متصفحك أو تطبيقك أو جهازك عندما تزور أو تستخدم خدماتنا (بما في ذلك ، على سبيل المثال لا الحصر ، لجمع المعلومات المتعلقة ببرنامج Google Trusted Stores أو المعلومات السكانية والاهتمامات من Google). لا تغطي سياسة الخصوصية هذه استخدام ملفات تعريف الارتباط من قبل أي طرف ثالث. يرجى التأكد من فهمك للسياسة الخاصة لمثل هذا الطرف الثالث. لمعرفة المزيد حول الخيارات الأخرى المتوفرة لديك ، قم بالتمرير لأسفل إلى - ما هي الخيارات المتاحة أمامي؟
هل البيانات الشخصية الخاصة بي آمنة؟
حسابك محمي بكلمة مرور أو رقم PIN لخصوصيتك وأمانك. إذا قمت بالوصول إلى حسابك عبر موقع أو خدمة تابعة لجهة خارجية ، فقد يكون لديك حماية إضافية أو مختلفة لتسجيل الدخول عبر هذا الموقع أو الخدمة التابعة لجهة خارجية. يجب عليك منع الوصول غير المصرح به إلى حسابك وبياناتك الشخصية عن طريق تحديد وحماية كلمة المرور و / أو رقم التعريف الشخصي و / أو آلية تسجيل الدخول الأخرى بشكل مناسب وتقييد الوصول إلى جهاز الكمبيوتر أو الجهاز والمتصفح أو التطبيق عن طريق تسجيل الخروج بعد الانتهاء من الوصول إلى الحساب.
نسعى جاهدين لحماية خصوصية حسابك والبيانات الشخصية الأخرى التي نحتفظ بها في سجلاتنا ، لكن لا يمكننا ضمان الأمان الكامل. قد يؤدي الإدخال أو الاستخدام غير المصرح به ، وفشل الأجهزة أو البرامج ، وعوامل أخرى ، إلى تعريض أمان معلومات المستخدم للخطر في أي وقت. سنضمن إبلاغ الجهة التنظيمية وإبلاغك في غضون 72 ساعة بمجرد أن نعلم أن هذا يحدث بموجب لائحة القانون العام لحماية البيانات (GDPR).
نقل البيانات
نحن شركات عبر وطنية. يجوز لنا نقل بياناتك الشخصية إلى مستلمين في دول أخرى غير بلدك. قد لا يكون لهذه البلدان نفس قوانين حماية البيانات مثل الدولة التي قدمت فيها المعلومات في البداية. عندما ننقل بياناتك الشخصية إلى دول أخرى ، سنظل نحمي تلك المعلومات كما هو موضح في سياسة الخصوصية هذه. باستخدام خدماتنا أو تقديم أي بيانات شخصية ، حيثما يسمح القانون المعمول به ، فإنك توافق على نقل ومعالجة وتخزين بياناتك الشخصية خارج بلد إقامتك.
إذا كنت مقيمًا في المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية ("EEA") ، فإننا نلتزم بالمتطلبات القانونية المعمول بها لتوفير ضمانات كافية لنقل البيانات الشخصية إلى دول أخرى غير الدولة التي تقيم فيها. على وجه الخصوص ، نستخدم وسائل الحماية التعاقدية لنقل البيانات الشخصية إلى أطراف ثالثة ، مثل البنود التعاقدية القياسية للمفوضية الأوروبية.
الاحتفاظ بالبيانات الشخصية
سنحتفظ ببياناتك الشخصية فقط لتحقيق الأغراض التي تم جمعها من أجلها ، كما هو مطلوب لأغراض تجارية مشروعة كما هو موضح في سياسة الخصوصية هذه ، أو خلافًا لذلك يسمح به القانون. عندما لا نعد بحاجة إلى استخدام البيانات الشخصية أو عندما تطلب حذفها ، سنزيلها من أنظمتنا وسجلاتنا و / أو نتخذ خطوات لإخفاء هويتك بحيث لا يمكن التعرف عليك من خلالها.
لتحديد فترة الاحتفاظ المناسبة بالبيانات الشخصية ، فإننا نأخذ في الاعتبار مقدار البيانات الشخصية وطبيعتها وحساسيتها ، والمخاطر المحتملة للضرر الناجم عن الاستخدام غير المصرح به أو الكشف عن بياناتك الشخصية ، والأغراض التي من أجلها نعالج بياناتك الشخصية وما إذا كان يمكننا تحقيق هذه الأغراض من خلال وسائل أخرى ، والمتطلبات القانونية المعمول بها.
حقوقك وخياراتك
البيانات الشخصية التي يمكنك الوصول إليها
من خلال إعدادات حسابك والخدمة ، قد تتمكن من طلب الوصول ، وفي بعض الحالات ، تعديل أو حذف المعلومات التالية التي قدمتها إلينا ، والتي قد تشمل:
1. اسم المستخدم وكلمة المرور / PIN
2. عنوان البريد الإلكتروني
3. معلومات الموقع والمجموعة والجهاز
4. معلومات ملف تعريف المستخدم
5. معلومات التطبيق
قد تتغير المعلومات التي يمكنك عرضها وتحديثها وحذفها مع تغير الخدمات. إذا كانت لديك أي أسئلة حول عرض أو تحديث أو حذف المعلومات الموجودة لدينا في ملف عنك ، فيرجى الاتصال بنا على
privacy@meross.com
.
خيارات لديك
رسائل البريد الإلكتروني التسويقية: في أي وقت تقرر فيه عدم تلقي معلومات تسويقية منا ، يمكنك الإشارة إلى تفضيلاتك عن طريق النقر فوق "إلغاء الاشتراك" أو "تحديث تفضيلات الاشتراك" على مستوى خدمة الاتصالات التي نعتبرها بالغة الأهمية لاستخدامك للخدمات. يرجى ملاحظة أنه إذا قمت بإلغاء الاشتراك من بريدنا الإلكتروني ، فلن تتمكن من تلقي أي ترويج أو معلومات تسويقية أخرى حتى تقوم بالاشتراك مرة أخرى. يمكنك أيضًا منح موافقتك وسحبها لتلقي رسائل البريد الإلكتروني التسويقية في تطبيق Meross> المستخدم> الاشتراك في البريد الإلكتروني التسويقي.
ملفات تعريف الارتباط: إذا كنت ترغب في التوقف عن قبول استخدام بعض ملفات تعريف الارتباط ، فإن ميزة "المساعدة" لمعظم المتصفحات ستساعدك على تعطيل ملفات تعريف الارتباط الحالية وإيقاف تلقي ملفات تعريف الارتباط في المستقبل.
رسائل البريد الإلكتروني للتواصل: في أي وقت تقرر فيه عدم تلقي أي اتصالات منا ، يمكنك الإشارة إلى تفضيلاتك عن طريق النقر فوق "إلغاء الاشتراك من هذه القائمة أو" تحديث تفضيلات الاشتراك في الجزء السفلي من البريد الإلكتروني الذي تلقيته. الرجاء ملاحظة أنه في حالة إلغاء الاشتراك من بريدنا الإلكتروني ، فلن تتمكن من تلقي أي تحديثات وتعليقات على أسئلتك أو معلومات الاتصال الأخرى حتى تشترك مرة أخرى.
الخدمات: يمكنك دائمًا اختيار عدم الكشف عن المعلومات لاستخدامها ، ولكن ضع في اعتبارك أنه قد تكون هناك حاجة إلى بعض المعلومات للتسجيل معنا أو للاستفادة من بعض ميزاتنا الخاصة أو الخدمات بأي شكل من الأشكال.
قد تتمكن من طلب إضافة أو تحديث أو حذف البيانات الشخصية في تطبيق Meross بالانتقال إلى المستخدم> الحساب. ومع ذلك ، عند تحديث المعلومات ، قد نحتفظ بنسخة من المعلومات غير المنقحة في سجلاتنا. يمكنك أيضًا طلب حذف حسابك عن طريق مراسلتنا عبر البريد الإلكتروني على
privacy@meross.com
. يرجى ملاحظة أن بعض المعلومات قد تبقى في سجلاتنا بعد حذفك من أجل تلبية احتياجات العمل والتنظيم المحددة و / أو الامتثال لمتطلبات الاحتفاظ بهذه المعلومات من حسابك. يجوز لنا استخدام أي بيانات مجهولة المصدر أو مجمعة مشتقة من بياناتك الشخصية أو دمجها بعد أن تطلب تحديثها أو حذفها ، ولكن ليس بطريقة تحدد هويتك الشخصية.
يرجى ملاحظة أنه إذا منحت أي إذن ، عند استخدام تطبيق Meross ، فإنك تفوضنا بجمع واستخدام البيانات الشخصية ذات الصلة لتزويدك بالخدمات المقابلة. بمجرد تعطيل أي إذن ، سوف نعتبره بمثابة إلغاء للترخيص ، ولن نستمر في جمع البيانات الشخصية بناءً على الأذونات المقابلة ، وقد يتم إنهاء الوظائف ذات الصلة. ومع ذلك ، لن يؤثر قرارك بسحب الإذن على التجميع السابق واستخدام البيانات بناءً على تفويضك السابق. يمكنك طلب حذف بياناتك الشخصية المقدمة على النحو الوارد أعلاه.
حقوق الخصوصية الخاصة بك في كاليفورنيا
بموجب أقسام القانون المدني لولاية كاليفورنيا 1798.83-1798.84 ، يحق للمقيمين في كاليفورنيا أن يطلبوا منا إشعارًا يحدد فئات البيانات الشخصية التي نشاركها مع الشركات التابعة لنا و / أو الأطراف الثالثة لأغراض التسويق ، وتقديم معلومات الاتصال لهذه الشركات التابعة و / أو الأطراف الثالثة. يمكنك أيضًا أن تطلب منا الامتناع عن مشاركة بياناتك الشخصية مع أطراف ثالثة لأغراض التسويق الخاصة بهم إذا كنت مقيمًا في كاليفورنيا وترغب في الحصول على نسخة من هذا الإشعار أو ترغب في أن نطلب منا الامتناع عن مشاركة معلوماتك مع جهات خارجية لتسويقها. الأغراض ، يرجى تقديم طلب خطي إلى:
شركة Meross Technology Co.، Ltd.
الطابق 3 ، المبنى A5 ، طريق ShiJiCheng رقم 1129 ، Gaoxin ، منطقة التجارة الحرة التجريبية ، تشنغدو ، الصين.
تحديث وتغيير سياسة الخصوصية هذه
نحاول باستمرار تحسين خدماتنا ، لذلك قد نحتاج إلى تغيير سياسة الخصوصية هذه من وقت لآخر أيضًا. سنقوم بنشر النسخة المنقحة هنا ، مع تاريخ مراجعة محدث. نوصي بزيارة هذه الصفحات بشكل دوري للتعرف على أي من هذه المراجعات ومراجعتها. أيضًا ، سننبهك بالتغييرات من خلال وضع إشعار على الخدمات و / أو إرسال بريد إلكتروني إليك ، ما لم يكن لدينا عنوان بريدك الإلكتروني. ستظل هذه الإشعارات تحكم استخدامك للخدمات ، وأنت مسؤول عن قراءتها وفهمها. أنت ملزم بأي تغييرات تطرأ على سياسة الخصوصية عند استخدام الخدمات بعد نشر هذه التغييرات. يخضع استخدام المعلومات التي نجمعها الآن لسياسة الخصوصية السارية وقت استخدام هذه المعلومات.
كيف تتواصل معنا
إذا كانت لديك أي أسئلة أو مخاوف بشأن سياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بنا ، فيرجى إرسال رسالة مفصلة إلينا على
privacy@meross.com
وسنحاول حل مخاوفك.
Gizlilik Politikası
Güncellenmiştir: Temmuz 18, 2022
Yürürlük Tarihi: 25 Temmuz 2022
Chengdu Meross Technology Co, Ltd. ve bağlı kuruluşları ve iştirakleri (topluca "Meross", "biz", "bize" veya "bizim") gizliliğinizi korumayı taahhüt eder ve gizliliğinizi ciddiye alırız. Bu Özel Politika, hizmetlerimizi kullanan ve bizimle etkileşime giren web sitesi ziyaretçilerinin, tüketici müşterilerin, uygulama kullanıcılarının ve diğer bireylerin (topluca "siz", "kendiniz" veya "sizin") Kişisel Verilerini neden, niçin ve nasıl topladığımızı, sakladığımızı, kullandığımızı, paylaştığımızı, aktardığımızı ve başka şekillerde işlediğimizi kapsamaktadır. Web sitelerimizi, ürünlerimizi, hizmetlerimizi, mobil uygulamalarımızı, IoT eklentilerimizi ve diğer yazılımlarımızı (topluca "Hizmetler") kullanmadan önce bu Gizlilik Politikasını okumanızı rica ediyoruz. Bu Gizlilik Politikasında ayrıca Kişisel Verilerinize erişim, güncelleme ve silme haklarınızı nasıl kullanacağınızı ve pazarlama aboneliklerine nasıl izin vereceğinizi ve bu izni nasıl geri çekeceğinizi de bulacaksınız.
Hizmetlerimizi herhangi bir şekilde kullanarak veya Hizmetlerimize erişerek, bu Gizlilik Politikasında belirtilen uygulamaları ve politikaları kabul ettiğinizi ve onayladığınızı ve bilgilerinizi aşağıdaki şekillerde toplamamıza, kullanmamıza ve paylaşmamıza izin verdiğinizi kabul edersiniz.
Hizmetlerimizi kullanımınızın her zaman bu Gizlilik Politikasını da içeren
Kullanım Koşullarına
tabi olduğunu unutmayın. Bu Özel Politikada tanımlamadan kullandığımız tüm terimler,
Kullanım Koşullarında
kendilerine verilen tanımlara sahiptir.
Avrupa Ekonomik Alanı'nda ("EEA") bulunuyorsanız, 2016/679 sayılı AB Genel Veri Koruma Yönetmeliği ("GDPR") uyarınca veri denetleyicisi Meross'tur. Herhangi bir sorunuz veya endişeniz varsa, lütfen
privacy@meross.com
adresinden bizimle iletişime geçmekten çekinmeyin.
Bu gizlilik politikası neleri kapsar?
Bu Gizlilik Politikası, Hizmetlerimize eriştiğinizde veya Hizmetlerimizi kullandığınızda topladığımız kişisel olarak tanımlanabilir bilgilere ("Kişisel Veriler") yönelik muamelemizi kapsar, ancak sahibi olmadığımız veya kontrol etmediğimiz şirketlerin veya yönetmediğimiz kişilerin uygulamalarını kapsamaz. Forumumuzdaki tüm gönderiler, yanıtlar, takma adlar, avatarlar Kişisel Veri değil, kamuya açık bilgi olarak kabul edilecektir ve topluluktaki tüm kullanıcılar gönderilerinize, yanıtlarınıza, takma adlarınıza, avatarlarınıza herhangi bir sınırlama olmaksızın erişebileceğinden lütfen Kişisel Verilerinizi Forum'da PAYLAŞMAYIN. Dolayısıyla bu bilgiler bu Gizlilik Politikası kapsamında olmayacaktır. Forumu kullanmadan önce lütfen Davranış Kurallarını okuyun.
Çocukların gizlilik politikası
Kullanım Koşullarında
belirtildiği gibi, 16 yaşın altındaki hiç kimseden bilerek Kişisel Veri toplamıyor veya talep etmiyoruz. 16 yaşından küçükseniz, lütfen Hizmetlere kaydolmaya çalışmayın veya bize herhangi bir Kişisel Verinizi göndermeyin. Yanlışlıkla 16 yaşın altındaki bir çocuktan Kişisel Veri topladığımızı öğrenirsek, sistemimizdeki bu Kişisel Verileri derhal sileceğiz. Eğer 16 yaşından küçük bir çocuğun bize Kişisel Veri sağlamış olabileceğini düşünüyorsanız, lütfen
privacy@meross.com
adresinden bizimle iletişime geçin.
Neden bilgi topluyoruz?
Aşağıda daha ayrıntılı olarak açıklandığı üzere, kullanıcılarımızdan çeşitli türlerde Kişisel Veri toplamaktayız. Bunu, size borçlu olduğumuz sözleşme yükümlülüklerini yerine getirmek ve ürün ve hizmetler sunmak, sizinle olan ilişkimizi sürdürmek ve işimizi korumak için meşru menfaatlerimiz için gerekli olduğu için yapıyoruz. Size bir ürün veya hizmet sağlamak için ihtiyaç duyduğumuz Kişisel Verileri bize vermemeyi tercih ederseniz, bunu sağlayamayız. Bu Kişisel Verileri, aşağıdakiler de dahil olmak üzere Hizmetlerimizle bağlantılı olarak kullanırız:
1. bir kullanıcı hesabı, profil oluşturmanıza ve ürünlerimizi ayarlamanıza izin vermek için;
2. e-posta veya Meross uygulaması aracılığıyla çeşitli ürün ve hizmetlerin derecelendirmelerini ve yorumlarını göndermenize izin vermek;
3. ürünlerimizin ve hizmetlerimizin temel işlevselliğini sağlamak;
4. hizmetlerimizi kişiselleştirmek ve geliştirmek;
5. sizinle iletişime geçmek, güncellemeler hakkında sizi bilgilendirmek ve geri bildirimlerinize ve yardım taleplerinize yanıt vermek;
6. belirli ürün ve hizmetler için veri sorgulamaları dahil ancak bunlarla sınırlı olmamak üzere taleplerinizi yerine getirmek;
7. bizden pazarlama bilgileri ve promosyon bildirimlerine abone olmanıza izin vermek;
8. bir çekilişe veya promosyona başvurmanıza veya beta test kullanıcısı olmanıza izin vermek için;
9. bize soru göndermenize izin vermek için;
10. Hizmetlerimizin nasıl kullanıldığını anlamamıza yardımcı olmak için dahili veri analizi yapmak;
11. verilerinizin güvenliğini sağlamak için;
12. Meross veya iştirakleri üzerinde yargı yetkisine sahip olan veya yargı yetkisini talep eden adli süreç veya devlet kurumlarından gelen belirli talepler kapsamında yasalara ve diğer standartlara uymak.
Sizden sağlamanız istenen Kişisel Veriler ve bunları sağlamanızın istenmesinin nedenleri, Kişisel Verilerinizi sağlamanızı istediğimiz noktada size açıkça belirtilecektir.
Hangi bilgileri topluyoruz ve bunları nasıl kullanıyoruz?
Bize sağladığınız bilgiler
Bize bilerek sağladığınız tüm bilgileri toplar ve saklarız. Örneğin, kayıt işlemi ve/veya hesap ayarlarınız aracılığıyla, e-posta adresiniz, şifreniz, kullanıcı adınız, belirlediğiniz doğum gününüz, coğrafi çit dahil konumunuz, belirlediğiniz Ülke/Bölge kodu ve saat dilimi, sosyal medya url'si, grup ve cihaz adları, cihaz konum adları, yüklediğiniz cihaz veya grup resimleri, Uygulama adları, Uygulama yapılandırma ayrıntıları, bize gönderdiğiniz e-posta veya mesajdaki bilgiler gibi Kişisel Verileri toplayabiliriz. Sizi daha iyi anlayabilmemiz ve size daha iyi hizmetler sunabilmemiz için bizimle veya Hizmetimizle etkileşime girdiğinizde kullanıcı etkinliğiniz aracılığıyla ilgi alanlarınızı veya hobilerinizi toplayabiliriz. Bazı özelliklerimizi kaydetmek veya kullanmak için belirli bilgiler gerekebilir.
Mobil cihazınızın işletim sisteminde onayınızla Meross uygulaması aracılığıyla bize sağladığınız Kişisel Veriler için, ayrıntıları öğrenebilmeniz için bunları aşağıda listeliyoruz.
Tanımlayıcılar
Bu, E-posta, kullanıcı adı, şifre, UID ve cihaz bilgileri gibi Kişisel Verileri içerir. Bu ayrıca, hesap kullanıcılarıyla ilişkilendirdiğiniz adlar ve resimler, konumlarınız, cihazlarınız, sahneler, cihaz yapılandırma ayrıntıları, demografik bilgiler gibi potansiyel olarak sizi tanımlamak için kullanılabilecek diğer bilgileri de içerir.
Konum
Meross uygulaması, kurulum işlemi sırasında yakındaki cihazları taramak için kesin konumunuza ihtiyaç duyar. Hem kesin konum hem de yaklaşık konum, varsa ayarladığınız programlar için çalışacaktır. Meross uygulaması ayrıca cihaz saati, hava durumu hizmeti, yerel Rutin yürütme ve yerel kontrol gibi uygulama işlevlerini sağlamak için bu konumu kullanır.
Fotoğraflar ve videolar
Meross yalnızca cihaz simgeniz veya Forum avatarınız için fotoğraf yüklemeye çalıştığınızda fotoğraf ve videolara erişim izninizi isteyecektir.
Depolama
Bu, Meross uygulamasının önbellek ve günlükler gibi verileri okuyarak ve yazarak gerçekleştirmesi için gereklidir.
Kamera
Bu, fotoğraf çekmeye ve bunları Meross uygulamasına yüklemeye çalıştığınızda gereklidir.
Bildirim
Bu, garaj kapısı açıcı, sensörler ve termostatlardan gelen uyarılar gibi uyarı işlevlerine sahip cihazları kullandığınızda gereklidir. Ayrıca Meross uygulamasının Forum ve Sıcak Fırsat bölümünde ihtiyacınız olan bilgileri size bildiriyoruz.
Bluetooth
İzni açtıktan sonra Meross cihazlarını kontrol etme, durum alma, Meross cihazlarını keşfetme ve yapılandırma dahil olmak üzere Bluetooth işlevlerini etkinleştirebilirsiniz. Bu işlevlerde, şu senaryolarda Meross cihazı ile Bluetooth üzerinden iletişim kuracağız: ana sayfada cihaz durumunu görüntüleme, ana sayfada cihaz kontrolü gerçekleştirme, ana sayfada Meross cihazlarını keşfetme ve Meross cihazları ekleme.
Yerel Ağ
Meross cihazları tıpkı Homekit kontrolü gibi yerel olarak kontrol edilebilir. Yerel cihazları keşfetmek ve temel cihaz kontrol komutlarını uygulamak için bu izne ihtiyacımız var.
HomeKit (yalnızca iOS için)
HomeKit izinlerini etkinleştirdikten sonra Meross cihazlarını keşfetme, cihaz ağ yapılandırmasını etkinleştirme, Meross cihazlarını kontrol etme ve cihaz durumunu kontrol etme gibi ilgili işlevleri etkinleştirebilirsiniz. Bu fonksiyonlardan HomeKit üzerinden iOS sistemi ile birlikte gelen "Home" Uygulaması ile şu senaryolarda veri işleyeceğiz: HomeKit cihazlarını ana sayfada keşfetme, HomeKit cihaz ağ yapılandırması ve kontrolü.
Otomatik olarak toplanan bilgiler
Hizmetlerimizle etkileşime girdiğinizde (bir mobil uygulama, IoT eklentimiz, üçüncü taraf hizmeti, Uygulama, tarayıcı veya başka bir uygulama aracılığıyla, fiziksel bir cihazı hizmetlerimize bağlayarak, üçüncü taraf bir hizmeti hizmetlerimize bağlayarak veya başka bir şekilde), tarayıcınızdan, uygulamanızdan, hizmetlerimizden veya cihaz(lar)ınızdan otomatik olarak bilgi toplayabilir ve sunucularımızda, günlüklerimizde ve veritabanlarımızda saklayabiliriz. Özellikle, Hizmetlerimiz çeşitli fiziksel cihazları (örn. Meross Akıllı Fiş, Akıllı Ampul, Akıllı Anahtar, vb.) Hizmetlere bağlamanıza izin verecek şekilde tasarlanmıştır. Hizmetlere bağlıyken bu cihazlar, Kişisel Verileri içerebilecek bilgileri (söz konusu cihazı kurarken veya yapılandırırken vermiş olabileceğiniz bilgiler dahil) otomatik olarak sunucularımıza bildirir. Cihaz adı, cihaz konumu, model numarası, ürün yazılımı sürümü, donanım sürümü, yonga seti modeli, UUID, UID, etkinleştirme süresi, çevrimiçi süre, bırakma kayıtları, yeniden bağlanma kayıtları, uygulama açma sıklığı, çökme günlükleri ve ayar parametreleri gibi.
Yukarıda belirtilen yollarla otomatik olarak toplanan diğer bilgiler arasında IP adresiniz, MAC adresiniz, konum bilgileriniz, "çerez" bilgileriniz, cihaz türünüz, benzersiz cihaz tanımlayıcıları, reklam tanımlayıcıları, mobil cihaz, işletim sistemi, tarayıcı türü, demografik bilgiler, Hizmetlerimize erişmek için kullandığınız uygulama ve/veya cihaz(lar), tıklama yolları, talep ettiğiniz veya etkileşimde bulunduğunuz sayfanın veya özelliğin kimliği, sayfada geçirdiğiniz süre ve Hizmetlerle nasıl etkileşimde bulunduğunuza dair diğer göstergeler yer alabilir. "Çerezler", tarayıcınızı, uygulamanızı veya cihazınızı tanımamızı sağlayan ve Hizmetlerimizdeki çeşitli sayfaların ve özelliklerin nasıl ve ne zaman ziyaret edildiğini veya kullanıldığını ve kaç kişi tarafından kullanıldığını bize bildiren cihazınıza aktardığımız tanımlayıcılardır.
Cihazınızın çerezleri kabul etmesini önlemek veya sınırlamak için tarayıcınızdaki, uygulamanızdaki veya cihazınızdaki tercihleri değiştirebilirsiniz, ancak bu, bazı özelliklerimizden yararlanmanızı engelleyebilir. Ayrıca, sistemlerimizin şu anda tarayıcı "Do Not Track" sinyallerini tanımadığını veya bunlara yanıt vermediğini lütfen unutmayın.
Üçüncü taraflardan toplanan bilgiler
Hizmetlerimizi üçüncü taraf hesap kimlik bilgileriyle kullanırsanız (örneğin, IoT eklenti hizmetimizi kullandığınızda, Facebook, Google veya diğer üçüncü taraf siteler için oturum açma kimlik bilgileriniz).  Bunlardan Kişisel Veri toplayabiliriz. Üçüncü taraf hesabınızdan topladığımız Kişisel Veriler, üçüncü taraf hesabınızın gizlilik ayarlarına bağlı olabilir.
Sosyal medya için adınız, e-posta adresiniz ve cinsiyetiniz, yaşınız gibi bilgiler toplanabilir.  Üçüncü taraf hesap kimlik bilgilerinizi bize verirseniz, bu hesaplardaki bazı içerik ve/veya bilgilerin ("Üçüncü Taraf Hesap Bilgileri") Meross hesabınıza aktarılabileceğini anlarsınız. Bu tür iletimlere izin verirseniz ve Hizmetlerimize iletilen Üçüncü Taraf Hesap Bilgileri bu Gizlilik Politikası kapsamındadır; örneğin, avatarlar, profil bilgileri, resimler, arkadaşlar ve diğer yetkili bilgiler.
Çevrimiçi mağazalar ve perakende mağazalar için, Hizmetlerimizi satın alırsanız ve Hizmetlerimizi incelerseniz, satın alma işleminiz, geri bildiriminiz ve incelemeleriniz gibi bilgileri toplayabileceğimizi anlarsınız. Bu tür bilgiler bu Gizlilik Politikası kapsamındadır.
Üçüncü taraflardan yalnızca bu üçüncü tarafların sizin izninize sahip olduğunu veya Kişisel Verilerinizi bize ifşa etmek için yasal olarak izinli veya gerekli olduğunu kontrol ettiğimiz durumlarda bilgi toplarız.
Bilgileri nasıl işler ve kullanırız?
Yukarıda açıklanan bilgileri toplamak, Hizmetlerimizi kullanan sizleri ve hangi içerik ve/veya özellik(ler)in sizinle ilgili olduğunu ve ilginizi çektiğini daha iyi anlamamızı sağlar. Ayrıca size uygun yükseltme(ler) ve destek sağlamak ve Hizmetlerimizi iyileştirmek için de bilgi toplarız.
Kişisel Verilerinizi anonimleştirebiliriz, böylece bireysel olarak tanımlanamazsınız ve bu bilgileri ortaklarımıza sağlayabilir veya bu bilgileri pazarlama veya promosyon öğeleri için kullanabiliriz ("toplu bilgiler"). Ayrıca, insanların Hizmetlerimizi ne sıklıkta ve ne şekilde kullandığını anlamak için bu bilgileri kullanabilecek ortaklarımıza toplu bilgiler sağlayabiliriz. Ancak, aşağıda açıklanan durumlar haricinde, toplu bilgileri sizi bir birey olarak kişisel olarak tanımlayacak şekilde bir ortağa ifşa etmeyiz.
Bilgileri aşağıdaki kuruluşlarla veya aşağıdaki amaçlarla paylaşabiliriz:
Reklamverenler
Reklamverenlerin ve/veya ticari ortakların ("Reklamverenler") reklamlarını ve/veya promosyon tekliflerini görecek kullanıcıları seçmelerine izin verebiliriz. Sizden kişisel olarak tanımlanabilir olmayan biçimde topladığımız toplu bilgilerden herhangi birini, söz konusu Reklamverenin bu reklamlar ve/veya teklifler ("Hedefli Reklam") için uygun kitleyi seçmesi amacıyla bir Reklamverene sağlayabileceğimizi kabul edersiniz. Örneğin, San Francisco'da bulunduğunuz gerçeğini size San Francisco işletmeleri için reklamlar veya teklifler göstermek için kullanabiliriz, ancak bu işletmelere kim olduğunuzu söylemeyeceğiz.
Çerezler ve diğer teknolojilerle ilgili seçenekleriniz ve Hedefli Reklamcılıktan nasıl vazgeçeceğiniz hakkında bilgi edinmek için aşağı kaydırın - Haklarınız ve seçenekleriniz.
Ortaklar, Bağlı İşletmeler
Belirli durumlarda, ortaklar, bağlı olduğumuz işletmeler ("Bağlı İşletmeler"), Meross cihazlarını ücretsiz olarak yeniden satmak veya sağlamak, üçüncü taraf cihazları sağlamak veya benzersiz veya özel Uygulamalar sunmak dahil olmak üzere Hizmetler aracılığıyla (tek başına veya bizimle ortaklaşa) size ürün satabilir veya hizmet sağlayabilir. Bir Bağlı İşletmenin böyle bir işlem veya hizmetle ilişkili olduğunu, markalarının varlığına veya doğrudan o Bağlı İşletme ile gerçekleştirdiğiniz bir işleme dayanarak anlayabilirsiniz. Kişisel Verilerinizi söz konusu Bağlı İşletme ile yalnızca söz konusu işlem veya hizmetle ilgili olduğu ölçüde ve söz konusu Bağlı İşletme ile Kişisel Verilerinizi paylaşmamızı onayladığınız ve bize yetki verdiğiniz ek koşulları açıkça kabul ettiğiniz ölçüde paylaşacağız. Bu artan şartlar, promosyon tekliflerinin bir parçası olarak (Bağlı İşletmelerin sitesinde veya shop.meross.com adresindeki ticaret sitemiz de dahil olmak üzere Meross markalı mülklerde veya Hizmetlerde görünen özelleştirilmiş kurulum adımlarında sunulabilir. Bağlı İşletmelerin gizlilik veya başka herhangi bir konudaki politikaları ve uygulamaları üzerinde hiçbir kontrolümüz yoktur, bu nedenle bir Bağlı İşletme ile ilgili herhangi bir işlem veya hizmete katılmayı seçerseniz, lütfen tüm bu işletmelerin veya web sitelerinin politikalarını gözden geçirin. Kişisel Verileri bir Bağlı İşletme ile artık paylaşmak istemediğinize karar verirseniz, artık Bağlı İşletmeden belirli faydaları alma veya Meross ile yeni bir hesap veya ilişki kurmadan Hizmetlere erişme hakkına sahip olmayabilirsiniz.
Temsilciler
Bizim adımıza görevleri yerine getirmeleri için başka şirketleri ve kişileri istihdam ediyoruz ve ürünlerimizi veya hizmetlerimizi size sunmak için bilgilerinizi onlarla paylaşmamız gerekiyor. Size farklı bir şekilde söylemediğimiz sürece, temsilcilerimiz kendileriyle paylaştığımız Kişisel Verileri bu Gizlilik Politikasında belirtildiği şekilde bize yardımcı olmak için gerekli olanın ötesinde kullanma hakkına sahip değildir.
İşletme Transferleri
Varlık satın almayı veya satmayı tercih edebiliriz. Bu tür işlemlerde, müşteri bilgileri tipik olarak aktarılacak ticari varlıklardan biridir. Ayrıca, biz (veya varlıklarımız) satın alınırsak veya iflas edersek ya da başka bir kontrol değişikliğine gidersek, Kişisel Veriler üçüncü bir tarafa aktarılan veya üçüncü bir tarafça edinilen varlıklardan biri olacaktır.
Meross ve Diğerlerinin Korunması
Yasalara veya mahkeme emirlerine uymak; kullanım koşullarımızı ve diğer sözleşmeleri uygulamak veya uygulatmak; veya Meross'un, çalışanlarımızın, kullanıcılarımızın veya diğerlerinin haklarını, mülkiyetini veya güvenliğini korumak için makul olarak gerekli olduğuna inandığımız her türlü bilgiye erişme, okuma, saklama ve ifşa etme hakkımızı saklı tutarız. Bu, dolandırıcılıktan korunma ve kredi riskinin azaltılması için diğer şirketler ve kuruluşlarla bilgi alışverişini de içerir.
Üçüncü taraf hizmetleri
Hizmetlerimiz, üçüncü taraflarca sağlanan web sitelerine ve hizmetlere yönelik özellikler veya bağlantılar içerebilir. Bir üçüncü taraf sitesine giden bir bağlantıya tıklarsanız, kontrol etmediğimiz web sitelerine yönlendirilirsiniz. Üçüncü taraf sitelerinde veya hizmetlerinde sağladığınız herhangi bir bilgi, doğrudan bu tür hizmetlerin operatörlerine sağlanabilir ve bizim aracılığımızla erişilse bile, varsa, bu operatörlerin gizlilik ve güvenlikle ilgili politikalarına tabidir. Bu Gizlilik Politikası, söz konusu web sitesinin gizlilik uygulamaları için geçerli değildir. Diğer web sitelerinin gizlilik politikasını dikkatlice okuyun. Hizmetlerimiz aracılığıyla bağlantı veya erişim sağlanan bu üçüncü taraf site veya hizmetlerden sorumlu değiliz.
Ayrıca, reklam ortakları (aşağıda açıklanmıştır) dahil olmak üzere üçüncü taraf ortaklarımız, Hizmetlerimizi ziyaret ettiğinizde veya kullandığınızda (Google Güvenilir Mağazalar programı veya Google Demografi ve İlgi Alanları ile bağlantılı olarak bilgi toplamak dahil ancak bunlarla sınırlı olmamak üzere) web işaretçileri kullanabilir veya çerezleri iletebilir ve tarayıcınızdan, uygulamanızdan veya cihazınızdan çerezleri okuyabilir. Bu Gizlilik Politikası, çerezlerin herhangi bir üçüncü tarafça kullanımını kapsamaz. Lütfen söz konusu üçüncü tarafın özel politikasını anladığınızdan emin olun. Başka hangi seçeneklere sahip olduğunuzu öğrenmek için aşağı kaydırın - Hangi seçeneklere sahibim?
Hakkımdaki Kişisel Veriler güvende mi?
Hesabınız, gizliliğiniz ve güvenliğiniz için bir şifre veya PIN numarası ile korunmaktadır. Hesabınıza üçüncü taraf bir site veya hizmet üzerinden erişiyorsanız, söz konusu üçüncü taraf site veya hizmet üzerinden ek veya farklı oturum açma korumalarına sahip olabilirsiniz. Şifrenizi, PIN numaranızı ve/veya diğer oturum açma mekanizmasını uygun şekilde seçerek ve koruyarak ve hesabınıza erişimi tamamladıktan sonra oturumu kapatarak bilgisayarınıza veya cihazınıza ve tarayıcınıza veya uygulamanıza erişimi sınırlandırarak hesabınıza ve Kişisel Verilerinize yetkisiz erişimi önlemelisiniz.
Hesabınızın ve kayıtlarımızda tuttuğumuz diğer Kişisel Verilerin gizliliğini korumak için çaba gösteriyoruz, ancak tam güvenliği garanti edemeyiz. Yetkisiz giriş veya kullanım, donanım veya yazılım arızası ve diğer faktörler, kullanıcı bilgilerinin güvenliğini herhangi bir zamanda tehlikeye atabilir. GDPR düzenlemesi kapsamında bunun gerçekleştiğini öğrendiğimizde 72 saat içinde düzenleyiciye rapor vermeyi ve sizi bilgilendirmeyi sağlayacağız.
Veri aktarımı
Bizler ulus ötesi işletmeleriz.  Kişisel Verilerinizi ülkeniz dışındaki ülkelerdeki alıcılara aktarabiliriz. Bu ülkeler, bilgileri ilk olarak sağladığınız ülkeyle aynı veri koruma yasalarına sahip olmayabilir. Kişisel Verilerinizi başka ülkelere aktardığımızda, bu bilgileri bu Gizlilik Politikasında açıklandığı şekilde korumaya devam edeceğiz.  Hizmetlerimizi kullanarak veya herhangi bir Kişisel Veri sağlayarak, geçerli yasaların izin verdiği durumlarda, Kişisel Verilerinizin ikamet ettiğiniz ülke dışına aktarılmasını, işlenmesini ve saklanmasını kabul etmiş olursunuz.
Avrupa Ekonomik Alanı'nda ("AEA") bulunuyorsanız, Kişisel Verilerin bulunduğunuz ülke dışındaki ülkelere aktarılması için yeterli güvenceler sağlayan geçerli yasal gerekliliklere uyuyoruz. Özellikle, Kişisel Verilerin üçüncü taraflara aktarımı için Avrupa Komisyonu'nun Standart Sözleşme Maddeleri gibi sözleşmeye dayalı korumalar kullanırız.
Kişisel Verilerin Saklanması
Kişisel Verilerinizi yalnızca toplanma amaçlarını yerine getirmek için, bu Gizlilik Politikasında açıklandığı gibi meşru iş amaçları için gerekli olduğu şekilde veya yasaların izin verdiği şekilde saklayacağız. Kişisel Verileri artık kullanmamız gerekmediğinde veya silinmesini talep ettiğinizde, bunları sistemlerimizden ve kayıtlarımızdan kaldıracağız ve/veya anonimleştirmek için adımlar atacağız, böylece artık bunlardan tanımlanamazsınız.
Kişisel Veriler için uygun saklama süresini belirlemek için Kişisel Verilerin miktarını, niteliğini ve hassasiyetini, Kişisel Verilerinizin yetkisiz kullanımından veya ifşasından kaynaklanabilecek potansiyel zarar riskini, Kişisel Verilerinizi işleme amaçlarımızı ve bu amaçlara başka yollarla ulaşıp ulaşamayacağımızı ve geçerli yasal gereklilikleri dikkate alırız.
Haklarınız ve seçimleriniz
Erişebileceğiniz Kişisel Veriler
Hesabınız ve Hizmet ayarlarınız aracılığıyla, bize sağladığınız aşağıdaki bilgilere erişmeyi talep edebilir ve bazı durumlarda bunları düzenleyebilir veya silebilirsiniz:
1. Kullanıcı adı ve şifre/PIN
2. E-posta adresi
3. Konum, grup ve cihaz bilgileri
4. Kullanıcı profili bilgileri
5. Uygulama bilgileri
Görüntüleyebileceğiniz, güncelleyebileceğiniz ve silebileceğiniz bilgiler Hizmetler değiştikçe değişebilir. Hakkınızda dosyada bulunan bilgileri görüntüleme, güncelleme veya silme hakkında herhangi bir sorunuz varsa, lütfen
privacy@meross.com
adresinden bizimle iletişime geçin.
Sahip olduğunuz seçenekler
Pazarlama e-postaları:
Bizden pazarlama bilgileri almamaya karar verdiğinizde, Hizmetleri kullanımınız için kritik olduğunu düşündüğümüz hizmet düzeyindeki iletişimler için "abonelikten çık" veya "abonelik tercihlerini güncelle" seçeneğine tıklayarak tercihinizi belirtebilirsiniz. E-posta aboneliğinizi iptal ederseniz, tekrar abone olana kadar herhangi bir promosyon veya diğer pazarlama bilgilerini alamayacağınızı lütfen unutmayın. Ayrıca Meross uygulaması > Kullanıcı > Pazarlama e-postası aboneliği bölümünden pazarlama e-postaları almak için onay verebilir ve onayınızı geri çekebilirsiniz.
Çerezler:
Belirli çerezlerin kullanımını kabul etmeyi durdurmak istiyorsanız, çoğu tarayıcının "yardım" özelliği mevcut çerezleri devre dışı bırakmanıza ve gelecekteki çerezleri almayı durdurmanıza yardımcı olacaktır.
İletişim E-postaları:
Bizden herhangi bir iletişim almamaya karar verdiğinizde, aldığınız e-postanın altındaki 'bu listeden çık' veya 'abonelik tercihini güncelle' seçeneğine tıklayarak tercihinizi belirtebilirsiniz. E-posta aboneliğinizi iptal ederseniz, tekrar abone olana kadar sorularınızla ilgili herhangi bir güncelleme ve geri bildirim veya diğer iletişim bilgilerini alamayacağınızı lütfen unutmayın.
Hizmetler:
Kullanmak için her zaman bilgi vermemeyi tercih edebilirsiniz, ancak bize kaydolmak veya bazı özel özelliklerimizden veya Hizmetlerden herhangi bir şekilde yararlanmak için bazı bilgilerin gerekli olabileceğini unutmayın.
Meross uygulamasında Kullanıcı > Hesap bölümüne giderek Kişisel Veri ekleme, güncelleme veya silme talebinde bulunabilirsiniz. Ancak bilgileri güncellediğinizde, revize edilmemiş bilgilerin bir kopyasını kayıtlarımızda tutabiliriz. Ayrıca
privacy@meross.com
adresinden bize e-posta göndererek hesabınızın silinmesini talep edebilirsiniz. Belirli iş ve düzenleme ihtiyaçlarını karşılamak ve/veya hesabınızdaki bu tür bilgilerin saklama gerekliliklerine uymak için silmenizden sonra bazı bilgilerin kayıtlarımızda kalabileceğini lütfen unutmayın. Kişisel Verilerinizi güncellemeyi veya silmeyi talep ettikten sonra, Kişisel Verilerinizden türetilen veya bunları içeren anonimleştirilmiş veya toplu verileri kullanabiliriz, ancak sizi kişisel olarak tanımlayacak şekilde değil.
Herhangi bir izin verirseniz, Meross uygulamasını kullandığınızda, size ilgili Hizmetleri sağlamak için ilgili Kişisel Verileri toplamamıza ve kullanmamıza izin verdiğinizi lütfen unutmayın. Herhangi bir izni devre dışı bıraktığınızda, bunu yetkilendirmenin iptali olarak kabul edeceğiz ve artık ilgili izinlere dayanarak Kişisel Verileri toplamaya devam etmeyeceğiz ve ilgili işlevler sonlandırılabilir. Ancak, izni geri çekme kararınız, önceki izninize dayalı olarak önceki veri toplama ve kullanımını etkilemeyecektir. Yukarıdaki şekilde sunulan Kişisel Verilerinizin silinmesini talep edebilirsiniz.
Kaliforniya Gizlilik Haklarınız
Kaliforniya Medeni Kanunu Bölüm 1798.83-1798.84 uyarınca, Kaliforniya'da ikamet edenler bizden pazarlama amacıyla bağlı kuruluşlarımız ve/veya üçüncü taraflarla paylaştığımız Kişisel Veri kategorilerini tanımlayan ve söz konusu bağlı kuruluşlar ve/veya üçüncü tarafların iletişim bilgilerini sağlayan bir bildirim talep etme hakkına sahiptir. Ayrıca, Kaliforniya'da ikamet ediyorsanız ve bu bildirimin bir kopyasını istiyorsanız veya bilgilerinizi pazarlama amaçları için üçüncü taraflarla paylaşmaktan kaçınmamızı talep etmek istiyorsanız, lütfen yazılı bir talep gönderin:
Meross Technology Co, Ltd.
Kat 3, Bina A5, ShiJiCheng Yolu No. 1129, Gaoxin, Serbest Ticaret Deneme Bölgesi, Chengdu, Çin.
Bu Gizlilik Politikasını Güncelleme ve Değiştirme
Hizmetlerimizi sürekli olarak geliştirmeye çalışıyoruz, bu nedenle bu Gizlilik Politikasını da zaman zaman değiştirmemiz gerekebilir. revize edilmiş versiyonu, güncellenmiş bir revizyon tarihi ile birlikte burada yayınlayacağız. Bu tür revizyonlardan haberdar olmak ve bunları gözden geçirmek için bu sayfaları periyodik olarak ziyaret etmenizi öneririz. Ayrıca, e-posta adresiniz elimizde olmadığı sürece, Hizmetlere bir bildirim yerleştirerek ve/veya size bir e-posta göndererek değişiklikler konusunda sizi uyaracağız. Bu tür bildirimler, Hizmetleri kullanımınız için geçerli olmaya devam edecektir ve bunları okumak ve anlamak sizin sorumluluğunuzdadır. Bu tür değişiklikler yayınlandıktan sonra Hizmetleri kullandığınızda Gizlilik Politikasında yapılan tüm değişikliklere bağlı olursunuz. Şu anda topladığımız bilgilerin kullanımı, söz konusu bilgilerin kullanıldığı tarihte yürürlükte olan Gizlilik Politikasına tabidir.
Bizimle nasıl iletişime geçebilirsiniz?
Gizlilik Politikamızla ilgili herhangi bir sorunuz veya endişeniz varsa, lütfen bize
privacy@meross.com
adresinden ayrıntılı bir mesaj gönderin; endişelerinizi gidermeye çalışacağız.