Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
The purpose of this Privacy Policy (hereafter, the “Policy”) is to regulate Furtive Diversion data processing activities (hereinafter Furtive Diversion) as data controller, located at Paseo de Extremadura 111, Madrid. This Privacy Policy applies to all games development provided by Furtive Diversion.
1. Furtive Diversion processing of Personal Data
In compliance with EU Regulation 2016/679 on Data Protection (“GDPR”), Furtive Diversion informs you that it will process Personal Data collected through the use of software, applications and/or services in connection with your user accounts from third party providers, such as social networking websites or software marketplaces. User’s personal data that is collected will be treated with absolute confidentiality and in compliance with the duty of secrecy.
We may collect information regarding your use of our software, applications and/or services, including information about the duration of your use, the features you use and your interactions with other users of the software, applications and/or services. We may aggregate information about you collected across your usage of different software, applications or services offered by us.
We may collect information regarding the device you use to access the software, applications and/or services, including (where applicable) its model, operating system, screen resolution, web browser, IP address, Media Access Control (MAC) address and other technical information. Where you allow us access to such information, we may also collect information from your device such as your geographic location and your contact lists. The legitimate bases for the data processing is your consent.
Likewise, Furtive Diversion informs you that the collected personal data will be stored in a Record of Processing Activities that is solely owned by Furtive Diversion. Furtive Diversion has implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure the security of your personal data and to prevent said data from its destruction, loss, unlawful access or unlawful alteration. In determining these measures, Furtive Diversion has taken into account the scope, context, and purpose of the treatment; the current state of the technology and the risks involved to develop said measures.
2. Purposes for which Furtive Diversion processes Personal Data
In compliance with the principles of privacy by design, privacy by default and data minimisation, Furtive Diversion will only collect the personal data that is necessary for achieving the below purposes. Furtive Diversion does not use illegal, unfair or fraudulent procedures to obtain personal data.
The purposes for which Furtive Diversion collects personal data is to providing or offering goods and services to you, to guarantee the operation of the game, to any other purpose authorised by law, to provide you with personalized advertisings, and to other purposes authorised by you. Likewise, if the User expressly consent, Furtive Diversion may process his or her data to send informative communications that are related to Furtive Diversion’s activity, offers, events, and future services. These communications may be send by email.
Furtive Diversion will request the User’s prior consent every time his or her data is used for a different purpose than for which it was provided or requested.
3. Rights that Users may exercise before Furtive Diversion or the relevant Supervisory Authority
Any User who wishes to exercise his or her rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction of the processing, to data portability or of objection must notify Furtive Diversion upon written request send to the email address normandysr69@gmail.com. In accordance with GDPR provisions, the contents of the rights that Users are entitled to are the following:
Right of access: The user can request Furtive Diversion to disclose which data relating to him or she is subject to processing by Furtive Diversion as well as the source from which the data was collected and the purpose for which the data is being processed.
Right to rectification: The User can request Furtive Diversion to modify any personal data that is not updated.
Right to erasure: The User can request Furtive Diversion to delete his or her personal data unless there are justified and valid reasons that allow Furtive Diversion to maintain the data. The Right of Erasure implies a period whereby the personal data will remained blocked in order to comply with any legal obligations that may arise before its definitive deletion.
Right of objection: The User can object before Furtive Diversion its use of personal data for certain purposes.
Right to restrict the processing: The User can request Furtive Diversion to highlight its personal data as being restricted to the specific purposes that the User accepted.
Right to file a complaint before the relevant Supervisory Authority: In the event of disagreement with the way Furtive Diversion collects and processes personal data or have addressed requests for the exercise of User rights, the Users may file a complaint before the Supervisory Authority (Spanish Data Protection Agency).
4. Third party recipients that may have access to User personal data
Furtive Diversion undertakes not to transfer or communicate your personal data to any third party unless prior and explicit authorisation by you.
Nevertheless, it is possible that Furtive Diversion allows access to your personal data to third parties that provide service to you. These third parties will acquire the status of Data Processors. As such, they may only process your personal data in accordance with Furtive Diversion’s instructions. We direct all such organisations to maintain the confidentiality of the information disclosed to them and to not use your information for any purpose other than to provide services on our behalf or to us.
We may share your information with third parties with whom we have a strategic relationship, such as data providers, business partners and advertisers. The information shared with these third parties may be used for the purpose of providing you with information on goods and services we believe will be of interest to you.
Any personal information submitted to us online, including via the software and/or services, may need to be processed by a third party. By submitting personal information online or via the software and/or services, you consent to the disclosure of that information to a third party, who may be located overseas, for the sole purpose of processing the submitted information.
5. Third party services
You may use third party services
(a) to obtain our software, applications and/or services (for example, a software marketplace); and/or
(b) in conjunction with our software, applications and/or services (for example, a social networking website).
Your use of these third party services may be subject to separate terms and conditions and privacy policies, and you acknowledge that we are not liable for the use of your personal information by any such third parties.
Our software and services may contain links (including via advertisements) to third party websites or other third party content or services. This policy does not apply to such third party activities, and you should make your own assessment of the privacy policies of these third parties. We strongly recommend you read these third party policies, and the terms and conditions attaching to the third party offerings, prior to access or use.
6. Conservation period
Personal data will be kept for attend the purposes mentioned above during the period of 24 hours. Once the conservation period is terminated Furtive Diversion will keep the personal data duly blocked for the periods stablished by law with the sole purpose of attending to any type of responsibilities that may arise. Once prescribed such responsibilities, your personal data will be delete.
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it