Our Product
Live Wallpaper
Live Wallpaper 3D.....
Drawing Desk
Drawing Desk Draw,Paint,Sketch is.....
Sketch Book
Sketch.Book-Draw,Drawing Desk.....
Coloring Book
Coloring Book - Mandala Drawing is....
Alphabet Learning
ABC Alphabet Letters Learning......
Drawing Painting & Photo Edit
Pencil Drawing, Coloring Games ..........
Terms and Condition
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service. By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service. FARIDA AFROSE ” is an app development company and app publisher. We deliver top ranked Apps to worldwide app stores. Our Apps are created for numerous different devices (phone, tablet, watch, tv etc.). We create Apps that can be downloaded freely, functioning on the basis of an advertising model. For many of our Apps, we also create a paid version that does not contain advertising. In general, if you do not want us to use your data to tailor the ads that are displayed within the App, you can choose to use a version that does not contain advertising. We makes Apps available to you subject to the following Terms of Use.

1. TERMS OF USE APPS
1.0 You must not abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate other users.
1.1   You are responsible for any activity that occurs under your user account. You agree to use the App only for purposes that are permitted by (a) these Terms of Use and (b) any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions. You agree to comply with all local laws and regulations regarding the download, installation and/or use of the App.
1.2   By using the App, you are consenting to our processing of data as set forth in our Privacy Policy (http://mubassher.me/privacy.html).
1.3   “FARIDA AFROSE” is not responsible or liable for any content accessed from the App or third-party websites. You agree that you are solely responsible for your use of the App.
1.4   The App may communicate with our servers from time to time to check for updates to the App, such as bug fixes, patches, enhanced functions, missing plug-ins and new versions. By installing the App, you agree to such automatically requested and received updates.
1.5   1. We reserve the right to modify or terminate our service for any reason, without notice at any time.
1.6   You may not distribute, publish, or send through an App: (1) any spam, including any unsolicited advertisements, solicitations, commercial messages, informational announcements, or promotional messages of any kind; (2) chain mail; (3) numerous copies of the same or substantially similar messages; (4) empty messages; (5) messages that contain no substantive content; (6) very large messages or files that disrupt a server, account, newsgroup, or chat service; or (7) any message that is categorized as ‘phishing’.

2. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
2.1   The App, and all content included on or within the App, such as the user interface, the compilation of the content and arrangement of the website, and all text, graphics, pictures, sound, video, data, applications and other content, is the property of us, our licensors or content suppliers and is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. Reproduction or redistribution of such content except as expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is prohibited.
2.2   We grant you a personal revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and make personal use of our App. You may not download, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or modify it, or any portion of it, except with our express written consent. The App may not be copied, sold, resold or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent. You may not link, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of the App without our prior written consent. Your unauthorized use of the App will immediately terminate the limited license granted by “FARIDA AFROSE”

3. NO WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
3.1   “FARIDA AFROSE” does not warrant that the App, its functions, or content will be uninterrupted or error free, or that defects will be corrected. “FARIDA AFROSE” makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy or fitness for use of any offers, advertisement or third party content presented in connection with the App. The App is provided on an ‘as is’ basis. You agree that your use of the App is at your sole risk.
3.2   “FARIDA AFROSE” will not be liable to you for any damages of any kind arising from your use or inability to use the App. Our liability for monetary damages for any claims that you may have against us is limited to the amount you actually paid for the App.

4. APPLICABLE LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
4.1   By using the App, you agree that the laws of the Bangladesh will exclusively govern the construction of our agreement and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and “FARIDA AFROSE”. This agreement will not be governed by the conflict of law rules of any jurisdiction or the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded. If you are a consumer, the choice of law only applies to the extent that there is no restriction with regard to mandatory rules of the country where you are domiciled or habitually resident.
4.2   In the event a dispute arises between you and “FARIDA AFROSE”., we will use reasonable endeavors to resolve such dispute amicably. If we cannot agree on a resolution, you agree that the dispute will be resolved through Court of Bangladesh, unless applicable mandatory law provides that you are entitled to address a court in another jurisdiction.
4.3   Any claim arising out of or in connection with your use of or inability to use the App must be brought within one (1) year after the event or such claim is barred.

5. COPYRIGHT:
5.1 All the resources including the images, videos, audios and texts are protected by the trademark and copyright. Any use of the above sources without permission is illegal. All right, title, and interest in and to this app (excluding content provided by users) are and will remain as exclusive property of this app and its licensors. The services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both China and foreign countries. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the App name or any of the App trademarks, logos, domain names, images, videos, audios and texts and other distinctive brand features. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding this app is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you.

6. AGE REQUIREMENT:
You must be 13 years of age or older to install or to use the apps. If you are at least 13 but not yet 18 years of age, please have your parent or legal guardian review these terms of use with you, discuss any questions you might have, and install the Apps for you. NOTICE TO PARENTS AND GUARDIANS: By granting your child permission to download and access an our apps, you agree to these terms of use on behalf of your child. You are responsible for exercising supervision over your children’s online activities. If you do not agree to these terms of use, do not let your child use the apps or associated features. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 and believe that he or she is using the apps, please contact us at faridaafroseapps@gmail.com

7. CHANGES
7.1   These Terms of Use may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes to our Terms. You are advised to consult these Terms of Use regularly for any changes. These Terms of Use were updated on 5th January 2021.

8. REFUND POLICY
8.1. For in-app purchases made through the App Store, we do not have the right to issue any refunds. The only way to receive a refund for such purchases is to contact Apple.
8.2. Please be noted that automatic renewal of the service might occur for in-app purchases made through APP Store. In such case, refunds will not be issued. Users are responsible for cancelling future renewals at the relevant APP Store.
9. SUBSCRIPTIONS
9.1 Some parts of the Service are billed on a subscription basis ("Subscription(s)"). You will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic basis ("Billing Cycle"). Billing cycles are set either on a monthly or annual basis, depending on the type of subscription plan you select when purchasing a Subscription. At the end of each Billing Cycle, your Subscription will automatically renew under the exact same conditions unless you cancel it or "FARIDA AFROSE" cancels it. You may cancel your Subscription renewal either through your online account management page or by contacting "FARIDA AFORSE" customer support team. A valid payment method, including credit card, is required to process the payment for your Subscription. You shall provide "FARIDA AFROSE" with accurate and complete billing information including full name, address, state, zip code, telephone number, and a valid payment method information. By submitting such payment information, you automatically authorize "FARIDA AFROSE" to charge all Subscription fees incurred through your account to any such payment instruments. Should automatic billing fail to occur for any reason, "FARIDA AFROSE" will issue an electronic invoice indicating that you must proceed manually, within a certain deadline date, with the full payment corresponding to the billing period as indicated on the invoice.

If you have any questions, please contact us at faridaafroseapps@gmail.com
Privacy & Policy
It governs your use of any software application (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by "FARIDA AFROSE".
By using FARIDA AFROSE'S APPS, you are agreeing to our privacy policy, which applies to the use of the App.  “FARIDA AFROSE” reserves the right at any time, without further notice, to change and modify this privacy policy.  You should check this privacy policy periodically for update and changes that affect use of the App.
We here at “FARIDA AFROSE” respect your privacy.  Here is a little explanation of when and why we might collect your data, and what we do with it.

It is your decision to provide us with your personal information. You are not legally obligated to provide us with this information, but we need it to provide you and your caregiver with the Appʼs functionality. 

This policy is combined into our User Agreement (the “Terms”) and is a part of them.

The following key points of the Privacy Policy are only brought for your convenience. They are not a substitute for the full Policy.
1. We use the information we collect to provide you a better service. We also use it to improve and customize the features and develop new features.
2. we may collect some information automatically. i.e. analytical data.
3. Third party services may collect some information.
4. We will use information to make our service available, improve our service and more important to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches
5. We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage and unauthorized access or use of information, but these measures, just like any security measure, cannot provide absolute information security.
6. We retain your information for as long as we deem necessary for our purposes.
7. We may use the information we collect from you to create statistical or aggregated information.
8. You must be 17+ years of age or older in order to use the App. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children who are under 17+ years of age.
9. We may change this Policy at the time we update the app.


In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Application.

Third Party Sites and Services
Please note that while we partner solely with third parties that gave us assurance of application of necessary technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data,
we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted from the App directly to such third party. We are not responsible for any accidental loss or unauthorized access to your personal data through a fault of third parties.
We will not rent or sell your personal data to any third parties. We do not control or influence these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. 
We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information allows third-party ad networks, 
to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. We may engage the following third-party service providers in order to provide us with necessary infrastructure for delivery and improvement of our services:

 Entity name    ->Services performed              ->Link to Privacy Policy 

1.Firebase       ->Analytics service provider      ->https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy 

Advertising:

If you use an ad-supported version of the Service, advertising companies use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about how you use it, and to serve you ads tailored to your interests in the Service and elsewhere. In this app, Google AdMob is used for advertisement purpose. 

 
To improve the performance of AdMob, the Google Mobile Ads SDK may collect certain information from apps, including:

1. IP address, which may be used to estimate the general location of a device.
2. Non-user related crash logs, which may be used to diagnose problems and improve the SDK. Diagnostic information may also be used for advertising and analytics purposes.
3. User-associated performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage, which may be used to evaluate user behavior, understand the effectiveness of existing product features, and plan new features. Performance data may also be used for displaying ads, including sharing with other entities that display ads.<br>
4. A Device ID such as the device's advertising identifier or other app-bounded device identifiers, which may be used for the purpose of third-party advertising and analytics.
5. Advertising data, such as advertisements the user has seen, may be used to power analytics and advertising features.
6. Other user product interactions like app launch taps, and interaction information, like video views, may be used to improve advertising performance.


For AdMob data disclosure policy visit https://developers.google.com/admob/ios/data-disclosure


While we take all necessary measures to protect your personal information, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is fully secure, therefore we cannot guarantee complete security.


If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at faridaafroseapps@gmail.com
Mail Us
Address
Kawran Bazer
Dhaka, Dhaka
Get In Touch
Telephone: +00000000000
FAX: +00000000000
E-mail:
faridaafroseapps@gmail.com
To Top