Mentorist.app
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy is available here
1. Subject and Scope of the General Terms and Conditions
1.1
Mentorist is app  (operated by Taulab ÖU registered in Tallinn, Estonia, thereafter “Mentorist”) operates a platform for self improvement on the internet portals https://www.mentorist.app and other websites as well as via mobile application – so called “App” – (thereafter platform). Within this scope, Mentorist’s authors will get most important actions from nonfiction books and provide it in friendly way.
1.2
Use of the platform (including Apps) shall be exclusively subject to the following general terms and conditions.
1.3
No special contractual text is intended for the contract regarding platform use. The content of the contract concluded between you and Mentorist follows these general terms and conditions as well as the information provided during the process of registration as well as during contracting of a fee-based subscription that will be saved by Mentorist and available at any time in your user account.
1.4
By registering and/or using the Mentorist services, you accept the use and application of these terms and conditions.
1.5
Mentorist shall retain the right to change individual clauses with effect for the future. If we do not obtain your specific consent for a terms and conditions amendment, you will be timely informed of any changes to the terms and conditions (at least four weeks prior to the effective date of the amended terms). For this purpose, Mentorist will send you the new version of the terms and conditions to the email address you provided during registration. In this context, Mentorist will notify you explicitly regarding the opportunity and objection period against the changes as well as about the consequences of an omitted objection.
1.6
If you do not object to the changes within four weeks after the effective date of the changed user conditions, the changed user conditions shall be deemed accepted. The period shall start with the day that it is communicated to you via email as the effective date of change.
1.7
In the event that you object the changes, Mentorist shall be entitled to terminate the user contract and delete your user account, under consideration of your interests if continuing of the contractual relationship under the scope of the current terms and conditions is not possible or unreasonable for Mentorist, effective from the date the changed user terms come into force.
1.8
In the event of any conflict between the current version of these terms and any previous version(s), the provisions current and in effect shall prevail unless it is expressly stated otherwise.
2. Services and Rights of Mentorist
2.1
Mentorist will provide you with a actions from nonfiction books, prepared carefully by experts and tested with other group of people.
2.2
The rights on Mentorist’s services and contents that are dispersed this way shall stay and remain with Mentorist or Mentorist’s licensors. Mentorist software applications and contents shall be licensed to you within the scope of the contractual use. We will only grant you a non-exclusive (simple) and temporary right for personal use of Mentorist’s services and contents.
2.3
The scope of the provided contents shall depend on the precise free account, subscription or trial which you respectively chose (the “license”). The license shall be restricted to the period of the free account/subscription/trial.
2.4
All Mentorist trademarks as well as our trade names, logos, domain names and other peculiarities of the Mentorist trademark are under the sole ownership of Mentorist. The license does not grant you the right to use Mentorist trademarks, our trade names, logos, domain names or other features of the Mentorist trademark, irrespective of whether for commercial or non-commercial use.
2.5
If you are using a free service, Mentorist shall be allowed to show you advertisement on the platform.
3.
Intellectual Property Rights
3.1
All content included on the app/website and the copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights subsisting in that content, unless specifically labelled otherwise, belongs to or has been licensed by us. All content is protected by applicable Estonian and international intellectual property laws and treaties.
3.2
Unless stipulated otherwise by the applicable mandatory law, you may not reproduce, copy, distribute, sell, rent, sub-license, store, or in any other manner re-use content from the app/website, unless given express written permission to do so by us.
3.3
You may not use any content saved or downloaded from the app/website for commercial purposes without first obtaining a license from us (or our licensors, as appropriate) to do so.
4.  Registration with Mentorist
4.1
A registration with Mentorist is necessary for using Mentorist’s services. You can use your email address and a self-determined password for registration. All information necessary for registration shall be made complete and accurate and shall be kept up-to-date at all times.
4.2
The used password shall be kept confidential. You are solely and to the full-extent responsible for keeping it confidential. You are the only person entitled to use your Mentorist user account. Mentorist shall be notified immediately of any unauthorized use of the user account as well as any suspicion thereof.
4.3
You may register via email address or log-in through a so called social-connect service (e.g. Facebook-connect). Registration and/or log-in via social-connect establishes a free contract between Mentorist and you regarding the use of the Mentorist platform.
4.4
Registration shall require a minimum age of 18 years. As a minor you are only allowed to register with Mentorist if you are at least 14 years old and your statutory agents have given their consent. We shall have the right to make services of Mentorist subject to appropriate proof of your identity, your legal majority or the consent of your statutory agent.
4.5
Mentorist shall be entitled to save and process your data provided during the registration process pursuant to the data protection regulations.
5. Subscription to Subscription Access
5.1
There is a fee-based subscription available (“Subscription Access”) so that you can use the full scope of Mentorist’s services. The subscription can be entered into for different periods which are presented to you in the order options.
5.2
Mentorist’s subscription accesses are fee-based and advertisement-free subscriptions which enable you to access a set of our content and features through our mobile and web based applications, depending on the subscription tier you’ve purchased.
The access to our library persists for the subscription period.
5.3
To become the holder of a Mentorist account with subscription access you will have to register with your user data, submit your credit card data and confirm your subscription by clicking the button “subscribe for xx€”. You will receive a subscription confirmation email as soon as you have done this. Your subscription starts on this day. Please read our data protection notification for information regarding gathering, using and processing of your data.
5.4
You can also subscribe via In-App-Purchase via iOS- or Android-Apps. For this purpose, you will have to choose the desired option on the subscription screen of the App, whereupon a pop-up will appear in which you have to enter your Apple- / Google-Play-password. As soon as you have done this, another pop-up will appear in which you have to confirm the subscription purchase again. You may still cancel the process at this stage.
6. Trials/Test Periods
6.1
Mentorist will occasionally offer new users the use of the subscription access for trial purposes for a certain time free-of-charge (so called “trial”). Mentorist determines at its own discretion if you can participate in the trial. Mentorist shall have the right to stop or change a free trial at any time without prior notification or termination period if good cause is present.
6.2
Participation in certain trials might only be possible if you enter your payment data during trial registration. In such event, we will need your consent at the beginning of the trial that your free access will be switched to a fee-based subscription access on the day after your trial expired. In this event your subscription will subsequently renew itself depending on the term you’ve committed to when accepting the trial access and can be terminated until one day before the subscription is set to renew.
6.3
If you do not want the subscription service and the corresponding charges, you will have to terminate the subscription access provided within the trial prior to the trial expiry (e.g. via your Mentorist Account Settings).
7. Revocation Right
7.1
If you purchased access to a fee-based Mentorist service or offers that are subject to charges (codes, download bundles) via the Mentorist platform, you shall have the right to revoke this contract within fourteen days without having to give reason. The revocation right shall exist for a period of fourteen days from the day of contract conclusion. For exercising your revocation right, you shall notify us
Email: support@mentorist.app
via an explicit statement (e.g. letter via email) regarding your decision to revoke the contract. Dispatching of the revocation notification before the revocation period expires shall suffice to meet the revocation deadline.
7.2 Consequences of Revocation
If you revoke this contract, we shall be obligated to refund all payments that we received from you, immediately and by no later than fourteen days from the day that we received your contract revocation notice. We will use the same payment method for this refund that you used for the original transaction, unless we have stipulated a deviating method with you. This refund shall under no circumstances be subject to charges for you.
8. Remuneration and Payment Terms
8.1
The conclusion of the subscription access is subject to charges. For payment purposes, the fees payable to Mentorist will be charged to the credit card account you provided during ordering your subscription.
8.2
In the event of access via a code, payment shall occur via the payment method stipulated on the invoice, e.g. PayPal or money transfer.
8.3
In the event of download bundle purchase, payment shall also occur by charging the credit card account provided during subscription purchase.
8.4
In the event of a subscription via our iOS- or Android-Apps, payment shall occur via Apple’s or Google’s In-App-Purchase process.
8.5
Your payment obligation vis-a-vis Mentorist within a premium access shall automatically renew itself at the end of the respective subscription term, if you do not terminate your fee-based subscription at least 24 hours prior to the end of the term.
9. Period and Termination
9.1
The free user contract shall start at the time of your registration for an indefinite period.
9.2
You can terminate the free user contract at any time. For this purpose, you can delete your account via our Web-App under “Settings”.
9.3
The fee-based subscription access shall run at least for your initially selected period and shall automatically renew itself if you do not terminate at least 24 hours prior expiry of this period. The subscription period shall extend respective of its currently used subscription model.
9.4
You can terminate subscriptions that you entered into via our Web-App in the settings of the Web-App. For this purpose, you will have to login, open the settings via the menu and click on “Terminate Subscription”.
9.5
You can terminate a fee-based subscription concluded via our iOS or Android Apps in the iTunes / Google Play settings.
9.6
Termination of the subscription access shall become effective the day after the last day of your subscription period and you will be downgraded to a free user contract (Free Service). After renewing your subscription you will however be able to access your old status and your reading lists. If you intend to delete your entire account, you can do so via the settings of our Web-App . All data will be deleted irrevocably in this case.
9.7
The right to suspend and terminate for good cause shall remain unaffected by the aforementioned provisions.
10. Codes and Special Offers
10.1
If you purchased a Mentorist code with which you can use a premium access for the time stipulated on your email, card or respective paper receipt, then you are entitled to use the Mentorist platform for the respective period.
10.2
For redeeming the code, you will first have to register with Mentorist first and subsequently activate the code through the specifically herefore created website
10.3
Codes cannot be redeemed for cash nor refunded, exchanged or used for purchase of other codes.
10.4
Please be aware that when using a code or another offer, specific provisions relating to the code or offer will apply in addition to these terms and conditions (particularly period of validity).
10.5
After expiry of the respective period, the subscription access ends automatically and you will be downgraded to the Free Service. If you want to continue the subscription access use, you can enter into a new subscription any time. If you intend to delete your entire account, you can do so via the settings of our Web-App. All data will be deleted irrevocably in this case.
11. Liability
11.1
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we accept no liability to any user for any loss or damage, whether foreseeable or otherwise, in contract, tort (including negligence), for breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with the use of (or inability to use) the app/website or the use of or reliance upon any content included on the platform.
11.2
We exercise all reasonable skill and care to ensure that the app/website is free from viruses and other malware. We accept no liability for any loss or damage resulting from a virus or other malware, a distributed denial of service attack, or other harmful material or event that may adversely affect your hardware, software, data or other material that occurs as a result of your use of the app/website or any other site referred to on the website.
11.3
We neither assume nor accept responsibility or liability arising out of any disruption or non-availability of the app/website resulting from external causes including, but not limited to, ISP equipment failure, host equipment failure, communications network failure, natural events, acts of war, or legal restrictions and censorship.
12. Final Provisions
12.1
If one provision of these terms and conditions shall be void, the remainder of the contract shall remain unaffected thereof. The void provision shall, if applicable, be replaced by the statutory provisions.
12.2
The laws of the Republic of Estonia shall apply; excluding the UN-Convention on the International Sale of Goods (CISG). Statutory provisions (especially consumer protection provisions) legally required by a customer’s country of residence remain unaffected.
12.3
The exclusive place of jurisdiction for all disputes directly or indirectly resulting from the contractual relationship shall be the competent court at Mentorist’s registered seat of business if you are an entrepreneur, a legal entity of public law or a special public fund, or have no general place of jurisdiction within the Republik of Estonia or another EU member state or relocated your residence/business seat after application of these Terms abroad and outside the European Union.
Privacy Policy
Data Protection Notification
1. Introduction
Mentorist (operated by Taulab ÖU registered in Tallinn, Estonia, thereafter “Mentorist” or “we”) operates a platform for mobile reading on the internet portals http://www.mentorist.app and other websites as well as via mobile applications – so-called “Apps” – (thereafter platform).
By submitting personal data through this website and app, personal data may be collected, processed and used in accordance with this privacy policy and/or the applicable data protection law, as described below. We would like to inform you below about the type, scope, and purposes for which we process your personal data.
All personal information collected about you (
"You"
or
"Your"
), is processed in compliance with the provisions under the Estonian Data Protection Act (
"DPA"
) and General Data Protection Regulation (
"GDPR"
), as amended from time to time (collectively "Regulation").
2. Collection, Use and Processing of Data
There are two ways of obtaining user data. First one, your data is captured because you communicate it to us. This may, for example, be data that you enter in our contact form. Other data is collected automatically  through our IT systems. These are above all technical data (e.g. operating system or time of the page request). The collection of this data is automatic as soon as you visit our platform.
You have the right to information, correction, blocking or deletion of your data at any time. Any given consent can be revoked at any time and you may partially object to the processing of your data, even if no consent was required from you for the processing.
2.1 Registration Data
If you register with Mentorist (for a subscription, a free trial or use of a code) we will collect personal data that you voluntarily submit with registration. In particular, this is  your e-mail address.
We also collect upon registration, data regarding country and language that you have saved as standard setting in your browser or smartphone.
We use this data without your explicit consent only for performing our offered services. We will only forward your personal data without your explicit consent to third parties if this is necessary for performing our services or for complying with statutory obligations.
We save all your registration data so that we can use them for performing Mentorist’s services. The data will be deleted after the end of the contract as soon as they are not needed for invoicing purposes any longer. If a deletion conflicts with statutory, contractual or by-law imposed storage periods, the data shall be suspended instead.
2.2 Registration via Facebook Connect
If you opt to connect with Mentorist via your Facebook Account Log-In, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”), you allow us to collect authentication information like your user name, encoded access information and other information that is available on or through your Facebook-Account, e.g. your name, your profile picture, your country, your hometown, your email-address, your birth date, your sex, the names and profile pictures of your friends and networks. Using Facebook Connect shall be subject to Facebook’s data protection policies and terms of use. With this feature, certain data from the Mentorist website can be transferred to your Facebook profile with your consent.
The specific information that is transferred to us will be individually listed during your first log-in with Mentorist via Facebook in detail. With registration on our website via Facebook Connect, you consent to profile data transfer from your Facebook profile to Mentorist as well as to the transfer of data to Facebook for using of Mentorist. Your data transferred through Facebook Connect will be saved and processed by us for registration purposes on the Mentorist platform.
2.3 Where is this information stored?
If you submit your information via app or fill any other form on our website (email newsletter sign up) some personal information will be stored within this website’s database. This data is currently stored on our website content management system that this website is built on Amazon Web Service and Google Cloud. This information is only accessible by authorized Mentorist staff and is not accessible by third parties.
2.4 Cookies
For performing Mentorist services and to make your visit to our website pleasant and to ensure use of certain functions, we will also use so-called cookies for data collection and saving. Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. Two types of cookies will be used. Temporary cookies will be automatically deleted with closing of your browser (so-called session-cookies). Permanent cookies will remain on your device and enable us or our partner company to recognise your browser at your next page visit (so-called persistent-cookies).
Cookies supposed to provide you with optimised surfing on our website. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our platform.
2.5
Use the Information
The Information is used to render the services you subscribed to, to manage your account, and, if you agree, to email you about other services we think may be of interest to you. We use the Information to personalize Your repeat visits to the website and provide a better user experience and internal development purposes.
For the purposes of analytics we may share some of your information with the following third-party providers:
Google Analtyics
Amplitude
Branch.io
This providers uses so-called “Cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer enabling analysis of your use of the internet site.
They will use this information on behalf of Mentorist to evaluate your use of the website, to compose reports regarding website activity and to perform further service relating to further services connected to website and internet use vis-a-vis Mentorist.
The user profiles created serve the purpose of visitor behaviour analysis and are evaluated for improving and customising of our offers.
The pseudonymised user profiles will not be connected with your personal data without your separate explicit consent.
For the purposes of advertisement services we may share some of your information with the following third-party providers:
Facebook ads
Google ads
Twitter
Linkedin
Tiktok
2.6 Payment Data
If you are using our trials or if you sign-up for our subscriptions or purchase something via the service, credit card information and other finance related information that are necessary for payment processing will be collected and saved by a payment service provider. We also collect certain limited information, e.g. your postal code, cell phone number and details of your transaction history. Other than that, the payment service providers usually provide us only with very limited information regarding you, e.g. the specific token that enables you to perform further purchases using the data saved by the provider as well as your type of card, expiration date und the last four digits of the number.
3. Newsletter
With newsletter registration, your e-mail address will be used for Mentorist information and advertisement until you cancel the newsletter. Cancellation is possible at any time. You have given your consent to the following either separate or explicitly during the ordering process, and we have recorded your consent.
You can revoke this consent effective for the future at any time by clicking “Unsubscribe Newsletter” at the end of the newsletter or sending your revocation to Mentorist to the following contact address: support@mentorist.app
Revoking your consent for receiving the newsletter will not cause any costs for you; except for transmission costs pursuant to the respective basic rates of your phone/internet provider.
If we received your e-mail address in connection with selling goods or services, we are also entitled to send you newsletters for direct advertising of our own similar goods or services without your (explicit) consent, unless you have rejected such use.
You can object to this use at any time with effect for the future without occurring any costs other than transmission costs pursuant to basic tariffs.
4. Security
Data protection of our users is a special concern for us. Your password protects your user account and should be thus a strong password that is not used elsewhere. You should restrict access to your computer and browser and you should log-off after using Mentorist services.
We have implemented technical and organizational measures to protect the Information against intentional or accidental manipulation, unauthorized third-party access, loss, destruction or changes. We continually improve this protection as technology changes
5. Links
Mentorist shall be entitled to display advertisement or other contents that contain hyperlinks to third-party websites. Only the provider of the website referred to shall be liable for illegal, erroneous or incomplete contents and particularly for damages that result from use or non-use of these links. This Policy only applies to the services and this app/website so when you visit other websites linked on our website, you should read their own privacy policies.
6. Access and Update of Profile Data, Deletion
You can access and change your profile data via your account-settings.
7.Information about Saved Data, Contact
If you have any questions or comments about this data protection notification or your personal data, please contact us via support@mentorist.app. You can certainly always request free of charge information regarding data we saved about you, e.g. via e-mail support@mentorist.app. We will answer within an appropriate period after proof of identity. You may possibly be entitled to request that your data will be corrected, suspended or deleted.
8. Change of Data Protection Notification
We will occasionally change this data protection notification in order to incorporate new functions, features, products or services and to ensure the protection of your personal data. These changes and the current data protection notification are available on this site for you anytime. If we are making material changes, particularly regarding collection, use or processing of your personal data, we will notify you of this via e-mail or inform you no later than during your next Mentorist login.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.mentorist.app/privacy-policy/:
Mentorist.app
IMPORTANT PRIVACY INFORMATION
In order to use the service, we will ask you to enter information about your reading preferences, name, email. We also automatically collect from your device language settings, IP address, time zone, type and model of a device, device settings, operating system, Internet service provider, mobile carrier, hardware ID, and other unique identifiers (such as IDFA and AAID). We need this data to provide our services, analyze how our customers use the service, to serve ads.
For improving our service and serving ads, we use third party solutions. As a result, we may process data using solutions developed by
Amazon, Facebook, Google, Twitter, Appsflyer, Amplitude, Firebase, Snapchat, Pinterest, Apple, BigQuery, TikTok.
Some of the data is stored and processed on servers of such third parties. This enables us to:
Analyze different interactions (how often users make subscriptions, what is the most popular users’ reading goal, what is the average time spent by users on reading).
Serve ads (and are able to show them only to a particular group users, for example, to subscribers).
Consequently, we, in particular, better understand in what of our features and content you see the most value and are able to focus on them to enhance your experience and increase the quality of our products.
Please read our Privacy Policy below to know more about what we do with data (
Section 2
), what data privacy rights are available to you (
Section 5
), who will be the data controller (
Section 12
), and how to influence personalized advertising (
Subsection 2.7
). If any questions will remain unanswered, please contact us at
support@mentorist.app
.
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy explains what personal data is collected when you use the Mentorist mobile application (the
“App”
), our Mentorist website (the
“Website”
) and the services provided through them (together with the App and the Website, the
“Service”
), how such personal data will be used, shared.
BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU PROMISE US THAT (I) YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AND (II) YOU ARE OVER 16 YEARS OF AGE (OR HAVE HAD YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN READ AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR YOU). If you do not agree, or are unable to make this promise, you must not use the Service. In such case, you must (a) delete your account using the functionality found in “Settings” in the App or the Website, or contact us and request deletion of your data; (b) cancel any subscriptions depending on how you subscribed (using the functionality provided by Apple or Google if you subscribed via an app store; or the functionality of our Website if you purchased subscription via the Website); and (c) delete the App from your device(s).
“GDPR”
means the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data.
“EEA”
includes all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area. For the purpose of this policy EEA shall include the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
“Process”
, in respect of personal data, includes to collect, store, and disclose to others.
TABLE OF CONTENT
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
FOR WHAT PURPOSES WE PROCESS PERSONAL DATA
UNDER WHAT LEGAL BASES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA (Applies only to EEA-based users)
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
HOW YOU CAN EXERCISE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
AGE LIMITATION
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
DATA RETENTION
HOW “DO NOT TRACK” REQUESTS ARE HANDLED
PERSONAL DATA CONTROLLER
CONTACT US
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
We collect data you give us voluntarily (for example, when you enter your reading preferences, name, email, phone number). We also may receive data about you from third parties (for example, when you sign in via Google). We also collect data automatically (for example, your IP address) and use third-party service providers for such collection.
Data you give us
You provide us information about yourself when you register for and/or use the Service. For example, reading preferences, name, email address, phone number.
Data provided to us by third parties
When you decide to log in using Google, we get personal data from your Google account. This includes your email, name, profile image, and Google ID.
You can revoke access provided to us on Apps Permissions page. To know more about how Google processes your data, visit its
Privacy Policy
. When you use Sign in with Apple to register an account in the App, we get personal data from your Apple ID account. This data may include, in particular, your name and verified email address. You may choose to share your real email address or an anonymous one that uses the private email relay service. Apple will show you their detailed privacy information on the Sign in with Apple screen. Find more about Sign in with Apple here. Apple lets you revoke access provided to the App in your Apple ID settings by following the next steps.
Data we collect automatically:
Data about how you found us
We collect data about your referring app or URL (that is, the app or place on the Web where you were when you tapped on our ad).
Device and Location data
We collect data from your device. Examples of such data include: language settings, IP address, time zone, type and model of a device, device settings, operating system and its version, Internet service provider, mobile carrier, hardware ID, and Facebook ID.
Usage data
We record how you interact with our Service. For example, we log your taps/clicks on certain areas of the interface, the features, and content you interact with, how often you use the Service, how long you are in the Service, and your subscription orders. We also record the ads in our App or Website with which you interact (and the Internet links to which those ads lead).
Advertising IDs
We collect your Apple Identifier for Advertising (“IDFA”) or Google Advertising ID (“AAID”) (depending on the operating system of your device). You can typically reset these numbers through the settings of your device’s operating system (but we do not control this).
Transaction data
When you make payments through the Service, you need to provide financial account data, such as your credit card number, to our third-party service providers. We do not collect or store full credit card number data, though we may receive credit card-related data, data about the transaction, including: date, time, and amount of the transaction, the type of payment method used.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies. A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to make it easier for you to navigate our Service. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. We also use tracking pixels that set cookies to assist with delivering online advertising.
Cookies are used, in particular, to automatically recognize you the next time you visit our website. As a result, the information, which you have earlier entered in certain fields on the website may automatically appear the next time when you use our Service. Cookie data will be stored on your device and most of the times only for a limited time period.
FOR WHAT PURPOSES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
To provide our Service
We process your personal data to enable you to use the Service seamlessly and to address any Service errors or technical issues.
To host personal data and enable our Website to operate and be distributed, we use Google Cloud, which are hosting and backend services.
We use
Firebase Performance Monitoring
and
Firebase Crash Reporting
, which are monitoring services provided by Google. For more information, please visit Google's
Privacy policy
and
Privacy and Security in Firebase
.
To monitor infrastructure and the Service’s performance, we use Crashlytics, which is a monitoring service provided by Google.
To customize your experience
We process your personal data, such as reading preferences, to adjust the content of the Service and make offers tailored to your personal preferences. This allows us to show more relevant books in the App based on your preferences.
To manage your account and provide customer support
We process your personal data to respond to your requests for technical support, service information, or any other communication you initiate. This includes accessing your account to address technical support requests. We may also send notifications or emails about the performance of our Service, security, payment transactions, or updates to our
Terms and Conditions of Use
or this Privacy Policy.
To communicate with you regarding your use of our Service
We communicate with you through push notifications or emails, including reminders and motivational messages encouraging you to continue reading or providing other information about the Service. You may receive push notifications every day at a specific time reminding you to read. To opt out of receiving push notifications, adjust your device settings. To opt out of receiving emails, click the unsubscribe link in the email footer.
The services we use for these purposes may collect data about when the message was viewed by our App’s users and how they interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
To communicate with you, we use
Firebase Cloud Messaging
and
Firebase Notifications
, message sending services provided by Google. These services allow us to send messages and notifications to users across platforms such as Android and iOS. We also integrate Firebase Notifications with Firebase Analytics to track opening and conversion events.
To research and analyze your use of the Service
This helps us better understand our business, analyze operations, maintain, improve, innovate, plan, design, and develop the Service and new products. We also use such data for statistical analysis purposes and to test and improve our offers. This allows us to better understand user preferences and behaviors to enhance the App. For example, we may introduce more book summaries into a category if users frequently read book summaries from that category.
To perform research and analysis about how users interact with our App, we use
Appsflyer
, which provides analytics tools and insights on user interactions with the Service. For more information, refer to the
Privacy policy
and
Opt Out
.
We use
Facebook Analytics
to gather aggregated demographics and insights on user interactions within the Service.
To analyze user behavior and measure ad effectiveness, we use
Google Analytics
, a web analysis program by Google. Google Analytics may place cookies on your device to provide analytics.
We use
Amplitude
, an analytics service, to understand how customers use our Service and track various interactions.
To track and analyze user behavior and reactions to changes in the App or Website, we use
Firebase Remote Config
, an A/B testing and configuration service provided by Google.
We also use
Firebase Analytics
, another analytics service by Google.
To send you marketing communications
We process your personal data for marketing campaigns, which may include adding your email address to our marketing list. You will receive information about our products, special offers, and more. If you do not want to receive marketing emails, you can unsubscribe by following the instructions in the email footer. We may also show advertisements in our App or Website and send you push notifications for marketing purposes.
To personalize our ads
We and our partners, including Facebook and Google, use your personal data to tailor ads and possibly even show them to you at the relevant time. For example, if you have installed our App, you might see ads of our products, for example, in your Facebook’s feed.
How to opt out or influence personalized advertising
iOS:
On your iPhone or iPad, go to “Settings,” then “Privacy” and tap “Advertising” to select “Limit Ad Track”. In addition, you can reset your advertising identifier (this also may help you to see less of personalized ads) in the same section.
Android:
To opt-out of ads on an Android device, simply open the Google Settings app on your mobile phone, tap “Ads” and enable “Opt out of interest-based ads”. In addition, you can reset your advertising identifier in the same section (this also may help you to see less of personalized ads).
macOS:
On your MacBook, you can disable personalized ads: go to System Preferences > Security & Privacy > Privacy, select Apple Advertising, and deselect Personalized Ads.
Windows:
On your laptop running Windows 10, you shall select Start > Settings > Privacy and then turn off the setting for Let apps use advertising ID to make ads more interesting to you based on your app activity. If you have another Windows version, please follow the steps
here
.
To learn even more about how to affect advertising choices on various devices, please look at the information available
here
.
In addition, you may get useful information and opt out of some interest-based advertising, by visiting the following links:
Network Advertising Initiative – http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
Digital Advertising Alliance – http://optout.aboutads.info/
Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada) – http://youradchoices.ca/choices
Digital Advertising Alliance (EU) – http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
DAA AppChoices page – http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
Browsers:
It is also may be possible to stop your browser from accepting cookies altogether by changing your browser’s cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser. The following links may be helpful, or you can use the “Help” option in your browser.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web and iOS
Google allows its users to opt out of Google’s personalized ads and to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics.
We value your right to influence the ads that you see, thus we are letting you know what service providers we use for this purpose and how some of them allow you to control your ad preferences.
We use
Facebook pixel
on the Service. Facebook pixel is a code placed on the Service collecting data that helps us track conversions from Facebook Ads, build a targeted audience, and remarket to people who have taken some actions on the Service (for example, made a purchase).
We use
Facebook Ads Manager
together with
Facebook Custom Audience
, which allows us to choose audiences that will see our ads on Facebook or other Facebook’s products (for example, Instagram). Through Facebook Custom Audience, we may create a list of users with certain sets of data, such as an IDFA, choose users that have completed certain actions in the App (for example, installed it). As a result, we may ask Facebook to show some ads to a particular list of users. As a result, more of our ads may show up while you are using Facebook or other Facebook’s products (for example, Instagram). You may learn how to opt out of advertising provided to you through Facebook Custom Audience
here
.
Facebook also allows its users to influence the types of ads they see on Facebook. To find how to control the ads you see on Facebook, please go
here
or adjust your ads settings on
Facebook
.
Google Ads
is an ad delivery service provided by Google that can deliver ads to users. In particular, Google allows us to tailor the ads in a way that they will appear, for example, only to users that have conducted certain actions with our App (for example, show our ads to users who have purchased a subscription). Some other examples of events that may be used for tailoring ads include, in particular, installing our App. Google allows its users to
opt out of Google’s personalized ads
and to
prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics
.
We also use
Twitter Ads
provided by Twitter to deliver advertising. Twitter Ads allows us to choose specific audiences based on geographic areas or user’s interests. As a result, we may ask Twitter to deliver our ads to a certain list of users. Twitter allows you
to opt-out of its internet-based advertising
.
Privacy Policy
.
We use
Pinterest Ads
to deliver group-based advertisements. For example, you may see our ads if you are interested in specific services, information, or offers. For more information, please refer to the Pinterest Privacy Policy.
TikTok Ads
is the service provided by TikTok that can deliver ads to its users. The ads can be tailored to specific categories of users (for instance, based on their geographical location). For more information, please refer to TikTok’s Privacy Policy.
We also use
Snapchat Advertising Platform
together with Snapchat Audience Based Match, which is an ad delivery service provided by Snapchat that can link the activity of some users of our Service with the Snapchat advertising network and show some of our ads to them. As a result, you may see more of ads on Snapchat in case you use our Service. Snapchat allows you to Opt Out of their audience-based ads.
Privacy Policy
.
To process your payments
We provide paid products and/or services within the Service. For this purpose, we use third-party services for payment processing (for example, payment processors). As a result of this processing, you will be able to make a payment for a subscription and we will be notified that the payment has been made.
We will not store or collect your payment card details ourselves. This information will be provided directly to our third-party payment processors.
We use
Stripe
to process your payments on the Website.
Privacy Policy
.
To enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use and to prevent and combat fraud
We use personal data to enforce our agreements and contractual commitments, to detect, prevent, and combat fraud. As a result of such processing, we may share your information with others, including law enforcement agencies (in particular, if a dispute arises in connection with our
Terms and Conditions of Use
).
To comply with legal obligations
We may process, use, or share your data when the law requires it, in particular, if a law enforcement agency requests your data by available legal means.
UNDER WHAT LEGAL BASES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA (Applies only to EEA-based users)
In this section, we explain the legal bases we use for processing your personal data for each particular purpose. This section applies only to EEA-based users.
We process your personal data under the following legal bases:
Your consent
Under this legal basis, we will send you marketing emails. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the footer of our marketing emails.
To perform our contract with you
Under this legal basis, we:
Provide our Service in accordance with our
Terms and Conditions of Use
Customize your experience
Manage your account and provide customer support
Communicate with you regarding your use of our Service
Process your payments
For our (or others') legitimate interests
We rely on legitimate interests unless those interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require the protection of personal data. We use legitimate interests for the following purposes:
To communicate with you regarding your use of our Service. This includes sending you push notifications proposing you to read a new book summary. The legitimate interest we rely on for this purpose is our interest in encouraging you to use our Service more often. We also consider the potential benefits to you of reading more book summaries, which may help you advance in life and your career.
To research and analyze your use of the Service. Our legitimate interest for this purpose is our interest in improving our Service so that we understand users' preferences and can provide you with a better experience, such as making the use of the App easier and more enjoyable, or introducing and testing new features.
To send you marketing communications. The legitimate interest we rely on for this processing is our interest in promoting our Service in a measured and appropriate way.
To personalize our ads. The legitimate interest we rely on for this processing is our interest in promoting our Service in a reasonably targeted way.
To enforce our
Terms and Conditions of Use
and to prevent and combat fraud. Our legitimate interests for this purpose include enforcing our legal rights, preventing and addressing fraud and unauthorized use of the Service, and ensuring compliance with our
Terms and Conditions of Use
.
To comply with legal obligations.
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We share information with third parties that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support, and market our Service. We may share some sets of personal data, in particular, for purposes indicated in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy. The types of third parties we share information with include, in particular:
Service providers
We share personal data with third parties that we hire to provide services or perform business functions on our behalf, based on our instructions. We share your personal information with the following types of service providers:
Cloud storage providers (Google)
Data analytics providers (Facebook, Google, Appsflyer, Firebase, Amplitude)
Measurement partners
Marketing partners (including social media networks, marketing agencies, email delivery services, Facebook, Google, Twitter, TikTok, Snapchat, Pinterest)
Payment processing providers (Stripe)
Communication services providers
Law enforcement agencies and other public authorities
We may use and disclose personal data to enforce our
Terms and Conditions of Use
, protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and respond to requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, or in other cases provided for by law.
Third parties as part of a merger or acquisition
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customers’ information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also share such information with any affiliated entity (e.g. parent company or subsidiary) and may transfer such information in the course of a corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
HOW YOU CAN EXERCISE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
To be in control of your personal data, you have the following rights:
Accessing / reviewing / updating / correcting your personal data
: You may request a copy of your personal data and request us to update/correct your personal data collected during your use of the Service at
support@mentorist.app
.
Deleting your personal data
: You can request erasure of your personal data by sending us an email at
support@mentorist.app
.
When you request deletion of your personal data, we will use reasonable efforts to honor your request. In some cases, we may be legally required to keep some of the data for a certain time; in such event, we will fulfill your request after we have complied with our obligations.
Objecting to or restricting the use of your personal data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data or limit our use thereof by sending a request at
support@mentorist.app
.
Additional information for EEA-based users:
If you are based in the EEA, you have the following rights in addition to the above:
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
: We would love you to contact us directly, so we could address your concerns. Nevertheless, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection supervisory authority, in particular in the EU Member State where you reside, work, or where the alleged infringement has taken place.
The right to data portability
: If you wish to receive your personal data in a machine-readable format, you can send a respective request at
support@mentorist.app
.
AGE LIMITATION
We do not knowingly process personal data from persons under 16 years of age. If you learn that anyone younger than 16 has provided us with personal data, please contact us at
support@mentorist.app
.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We do business globally. We may transfer personal data to countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected in order to provide the Service set forth in the
Terms and Conditions of Use
and for purposes indicated in this Privacy Policy. If these countries do not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information, we deploy special safeguards.
In particular, if we transfer personal data originating from the EEA to countries with not adequate level of data protection, we use one of the following legal bases: (i) Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission (details available
here
), or (ii) the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (details available
here
), or (iii) the European Commission adequacy decisions about certain countries (details available
here
).
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to make material changes to this Privacy Policy, you will be notified through our Service or by other available means and will have an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy. By continuing to access or use the Service after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California’s Shine the Light law gives California residents the right to ask companies once a year what personal information they share with third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes. Learn more about what is considered to be personal information under the statute.
To obtain this information from us, please send an email message to
support@mentorist.app
which includes “Request for California Shine the Light Privacy Information” on the subject line and your state of residence and email address in the body of your message. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements, and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements, and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
DATA RETENTION
We will store your personal data for as long as it is reasonably necessary for achieving the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy (including providing the Service to you), which includes (but is not limited to) the period during which you have an account with the Service. We will also retain and use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
HOW "DO NOT TRACK" REQUESTS ARE HANDLED
Except as otherwise stipulated in this Privacy Policy, this App does not support “Do Not Track” requests. To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
PERSONAL DATA CONTROLLER
Taulab ÖU registered in Tallinn, Estonia.
, a legal entity having its registered address at Juhkentali 8, 10132 Tallinn will be the controller of your personal data.
CONTACT US
You may contact us at any time for details regarding this Privacy Policy and its previous versions. For any questions concerning your account or your personal data, please contact us at
support@mentorist.app
.