DataCamp and our partners use cookies to improve your learning experience, offer content relevant to your interests and show more relevant advertisements. You can change your mind at any time (
learn more & configure
).
Accept
Courses
See all Beginner courses
Introduction to Alteryx
Understanding Microsoft Azure
AWS Concepts
Understanding Data Science
Introduction to Python
Introduction to R
Learn ChatGPT
Introduction to SQL
Introduction to Tableau
Learn Power BI
Foundations of Git
Introduction to Relational Databases in SQL
Introduction to Statistics in Google Sheets
Data-Driven Decision Making for Business
See all Intermediate courses
Introduction to Data Engineering
Reporting in SQL
Introduction to Deep Learning with PyTorch
Data-Driven Decision Making in SQL
Introduction to Statistics in Python
Introduction to Statistics in R
Statistical Techniques in Tableau
Supervised Learning with scikit-learn
Python Toolbox
Introduction to Natural Language Processing in R
Intermediate Data Modeling in Power BI
Cleaning Data in Python
See all Advanced courses
Deep Learning for Images with PyTorch
Introduction to dbt
Introduction to MLflow
Reinforcement Learning with Gymnasium in Python
Introduction to Apache Airflow in Python
Feature Engineering with PySpark
Machine Learning for Time Series Data in Python
Introduction to LLMs in Python
Big Data Fundamentals with PySpark
Monitoring Machine Learning in Python
Intermediate Object-Oriented Programming in Python
Machine Learning with caret in R
Data Engineering
See Data Engineering Courses
Understanding Data Engineering
Database Design
Data Warehousing Concepts
Introduction to dbt
Introduction to Apache Airflow in Python
Introduction to NoSQL
Monitoring Machine Learning Concepts
Data Analysis
See Data Analysis Courses
Data Analysis in Excel
Exploratory Data Analysis in Power BI
Data Analysis in Google Sheets
Exploratory Data Analysis in Python
Exploratory Data Analysis in SQL
Exploratory Data Analysis in R
Bayesian Data Analysis in Python
Fundamentals of Data Analysis in R
Software Development
See all courses
Introduction to Docker
Intermediate Object-Oriented Programming in Python
Introduction to APIs in Python
Introduction to Python for Developers
Python Toolbox
Software Engineering Principles in Python
Monitoring Machine Learning Concepts
Developing AI Systems with the OpenAI API
Introduction to Testing in Python
See all Data Preparation courses
Introduction to Importing Data in Python
Introduction to Importing Data in R
Cleaning Data in Python
Cleaning Data in R
Data Preparation in Power BI
See all Data Manipulation courses
Joining Data in SQL
Data Manipulation with pandas
Data Transformation in Power BI
Intermediate DAX in Power BI
Data Analysis in Excel
Probability & Statistics
See all courses
Introduction to Statistics in Python
Sampling in Python
Experimental Design in Python
A/B Testing in Python
Foundations of Probability in Python
Analyzing Survey Data in Python
Bayesian Data Analysis in Python
Introduction to Statistics in Google Sheets
Introduction to Regression in R
Cloud
See Cloud Courses
Understanding Cloud Computing
Understanding Microsoft Azure
AWS Concepts
Understanding Microsoft Azure Architecture and Services
Understanding Microsoft Azure Architecture and Services
AWS Cloud Technology and Services
Introduction to AWS Boto in Python
Streaming Data with AWS Kinesis and Lambda
AWS Security and Cost Management
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
See all AI Courses
Introduction to ChatGPT
Understanding Prompt Engineering
Generative AI Concepts
Understanding Artificial Intelligence
Large Language Models (LLMs) Concepts
Working with the OpenAI API
Introduction to Deep Learning with PyTorch
Developing LLM Applications with LangChain
Machine Learning
See Machine Learning Courses
Understanding Machine Learning
Machine Learning for Business
Supervised Learning with scikit-learn
Unsupervised Learning in Python
Machine Learning with Tree-Based Models in Python
Natural Language Processing with spaCy
Ensemble Methods in Python
Introduction to Deep Learning with PyTorch
Data Visualization
See Data Visualization courses
Data Visualization for Everyone
Learn Power BI
Introduction to Tableau
Data Visualization in R
Data Visualization in Google Sheets
Introduction to Data Visualization with Seaborn
Creating Dashboards in Tableau
Data Visualization in Power BI
Data Visualization in Tableau
Interactive Data Visualization with plotly in R
See all Applied Finance courses
Introduction to Python for Finance
Introduction to R for Finance
Introduction to Portfolio Risk Management in Python
Financial Trading in Python
Financial Modeling in Google Sheets
Quantitative Risk Management in Python
Credit Risk Modeling in Python
Financial Analytics in Google Sheets
Importing and Managing Financial Data in Python
See all Reporting courses
Reporting with R Markdown
Analyzing Business Data in SQL
Data Communication Concepts
Reporting in SQL
Building Dashboards with shinydashboard
Case Studies: Building Web Applications with Shiny in R
Building Dashboards with flexdashboard
Report Design in Power BI
Career & Skill Tracks
See all Skill Tracks
Microsoft Azure Fundamentals (AZ-900)
Python Data Fundamentals
SQL Fundamentals
R Programming Fundamentals
AI Fundamentals
Machine Learning Fundamentals with Python
Power BI Fundamentals
Data Literacy
Python Software Development
Data Manipulation with R
Data Manipulation with Python
Marketing Analytics
See all Career Tracks
Associate Data Scientist in Python
Associate Data Analyst in SQL
Data Analyst with Python
Associate Data Scientist in R
Associate Data Analyst in SQL
Data Engineer in Python
Data Analyst with Power BI
Associate Data Scientist in Python
Python Developer
Data Analyst with R
Machine Learning Scientist with Python
R Developer
Machine Learning Scientist with R
Python
See Python Courses
Introduction to Python
Intermediate Python
Introduction to Functions in Python
Writing Efficient Python Code
Introduction to Python for Finance
See Tracks
Python Data Fundamentals
Python Programming Toolbox
Python Developer
Importing & Cleaning Data with Python
Machine Learning Fundamentals with Python
R
See R Courses
Introduction to R
Introduction to the Tidyverse
Intermediate R
Data Manipulation with dplyr
Introduction to Data Visualization with ggplot2
See Tracks
R Programming Fundamentals
Importing & Cleaning Data with R
Tidyverse Fundamentals with R
Shiny Fundamentals
Data Visualization with R
SQL
See SQL Courses
Introduction to SQL
Introduction to SQL Server
Joining Data in SQL
Introduction to Relational Databases in SQL
Reporting in SQL
See Tracks
SQL Fundamentals
SQL Server Fundamentals
SQL for Business Analysts
SQL for Database Administrators
SQL Server for Database Administrators
Power BI
See Power BI Courses
Introduction to Power BI
DAX Functions in Power BI
Data Modelling in Power BI
Exploratory Data Analysis in Power BI
Reports in Power BI
Data Preparation in Power BI
Tableau
See Tableau Courses
Introduction to Tableau
Tableau Fundamentals
Analyzing Data in Tableau
Creating Dashboards in Tableau
Connecting Data in Tableau
Statistical Techniques in Tableau
See Excel Courses
Introduction to Excel
Data Analysis in Excel
Power Pivot in Excel
Data Preparation in Excel
Data Visualization in Excel
See Google Sheets Courses
Introduction to Google Sheets
Data Analysis in Google Sheets
Intermediate Google Sheets
Pivot Tables in Google Sheets
Data Visualization in Google Sheets
ChatGPT & OpenAI
See AI Courses
Introduction to ChatGPT
Working with the OpenAI API
ChatGPT Prompt Engineering for Developers
Introduction to Embeddings with the OpenAI API
Azure
See Azure Courses
Understanding Microsoft Azure
Understanding Microsoft Azure Architecture and Services
Understanding Microsoft Azure Management and Governance
Julia
See Julia Courses
Introduction to Julia
Intermediate Julia
See Docker Courses
Introduction to Docker
Containerization and Virtualization Concepts
Intermediate Docker
See Kubernetes Courses
Introduction to Kubernetes
See Git Courses
Learn Git
Introduction to GitHub Concepts
See Shell Courses
Introduction to Shell
Introduction to Bash Scripting
Data Processing in Shell
CI/CD for Machine Learning
AWS
See AWS Courses
AWS Concepts
AWS Cloud Technology and Services
AWS Security and Cost Management
Streaming Data with AWS Kinesis and Lambda
Alteryx
See Alteryx Courses
Introduction to Alteryx
Snowflake
See Snowflake Courses
Introduction to Snowflake
dbt
See dbt Courses
Introduction to dbt
Spark
See Spark Courses
Introduction to PySpark
Big Data Fundamentals with PySpark
Introduction to Spark SQL in Python
Machine Learning with PySpark
Building Recommendation Engines with PySpark
AI
Business Intelligence
Cloud
Data Engineering
Real-world Projects
Exploring NYC Public School Test Result Scores
Analyzing Motorcycle Part Sales
Investigating Netflix Movies
Analyzing Crime in Los Angeles
Hypothesis Testing with Men's and Women's Soccer Matches
Analyzing Unicorn Companies
Code-Alongs
Building AI Applications with LangChain and GPT
Getting Started with the OpenAI API and ChatGPT
SQL for Absolute Beginners
Data Modeling in SQL
Data Cleaning in Python
Competitions
Exploring Netflix's most popular content from its Top 10 charts
How much of the world has access to the internet?
Which countries produce and consume wine?
Which tree species should the city plant?
Understanding the local electricity market
How can hospitals reduce readmissions?
Improving the performance of an investment fund
Certification
Data Scientist
Data Analyst
Data Engineer
SQL Associate
Data Literacy
AI Fundamentals
Tableau Certified Data Analyst
Power BI Data Analyst
Azure Fundamentals
Alteryx Designer Core
Senior Data Scientist, Analytics
Senior Data Scientist, Analytics
Data Scientist
Resources
Upcoming Webinars
See all webinars
Responsible AI in Government
Analyzing Product Demand in SQL
A Playbook for AI Governance
Understanding Your Customer Journey with Google Analytics 4
Does AI Help or Harm Skill-Building?
Bridging the AI Skills Gap
Using Data & AI For GTM
A Playbook For Getting Value from AI
Past Webinars
See all webinars
Managing High Performing Data Teams
How to Create a Data Academy
Inside the Data Academy at Directline Group
Using Data Governance to Foster a Data-Driven Culture
Data Engineering in the Cloud with Snowflake
AI In The Enterprise: From Prototype to Production
AI In The Enterprise: Developing AI Talent
AI In The Enterprise: AI Strategies That Create Value
Code Alongs
See all code-alongs
Building Dashboards with Plotly and Dash
Business Reporting in Tableau
AI Showdown: ChatGPT o3-mini vs. Deepseek R1
Creating an AI Agent for Financial Report Analysis
Creating Your First App with Java
Analyzing Home Field Advantage at The Super Bowl in R
Building Python Dashboards with ChatGPT
AI Python Zero-to-Hero: Build a Customer Feedback Analyzer
Blog
See all blog posts
Top AWS Services for Developers
Meta Learning: How Machines Learn to Learn
Azure Services: A Complete Guide to Microsoft’s Cloud Offerings
NVIDIA Announces GPU Acceleration in scikit-learn, UMAP, and HDBSCAN
Baidu's ERNIE 4.5 & X1: Features, Access, DeepSeek Comparison
What is GitLab? Features, Benefits, and How to Get Started
Kubernetes Certification Guide: Exams, Tips, and Study Resources
What Is Responsible AI? A Comparative Approach
Cheat Sheets
See all cheat sheets
Azure CLI Cheat sheet
LaTeX Cheat Sheet
PostgreSQL Basics Cheat Sheet
Bash & zsh Shell Terminal Basics Cheat Sheet
Excel Shortcuts Cheat Sheet
MySQL Basics Cheat Sheet
Markdown Cheat Sheet
Deep Learning with PyTorch Cheat Sheet
Tutorials
See all tutorials
Git Rebase: A Beginner’s Guide to Streamlined Version Control
Forward Propagation in Neural Networks: A Complete Guide
AWS S3 cp: The Complete Guide to AWS S3 File Transfers
NPER() Excel: Understanding Payment Period Calculations
Git Init: How to Initialize and Set Up a Git Repository
AWS SNS: The Complete Guide to Real-Time Notifications
Model Context Protocol (MCP): A Guide With Demo Project
Amazon Aurora: What It Is, How It Works, and How to Get Started
Docs
See all docs
R-Documentation
R-Interface
Data-input
Data-Management
Statistics
Graphs
White Papers
See all white papers
The Learning Leader's Guide to AI Literacy
The Finance Leader's Guide to Data Science Use Cases
DataCamp Signal: An Effective Tool for Data Skill Assessment
2022 Data Trends and Predictions
Why 89% of Companies are Prioritizing Data Fluency
What Your Employees Must Learn to Work With Data in the 21st Century
Your Organization's Guide to Data Maturity
What Data Fluency Looks Like
Podcast
See all podcasts
Offline A/B Testing: Experimentation in Brick and Mortar with Phillip Paraguya, Chapter Lead Data Science at ALDI DX
Developments in Speech AI with Alon Peleg & Gill Hetz, COO and VP of Research at aiOla
Scaling Responsible AI Literacy with Uthman Ali, Global Head of Responsible AI at BP
How I Nearly Got Fired For Running An A/B Test with Vanessa Larco, Former Partner at New Enterprise Associates
How Generative AI is Transforming Finance with Andrew Reiskind, CDO at Mastercard
Self-Service Generative AI Product Development at Credit Karma with Madelaine Daianu, Head of Data & AI at Credit Karma
Data Science Trends from 2 Kaggle Grandmasters with Jean-Francois Puget, Distinguished Engineer at NVIDIA & Chris Deotte, Senior Data Scientist at NVIDIA
Building an Analytics Production Line with Lee Feinberg, CEO at DecisionViz
Pricing
For Individuals
For Students
For Business
For Business
For Universities
DataLab
Skip to main content
Catalog
Resources
Pricing
DataLab
For Business
For Universities
More
EN
Log in
Get Started
Scope
Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Information We Share
International Data Transfers
Retention
Information Security
Marketing and Notifications
Product Improvements
My Privacy Rights
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Questions, Feedback or Issues
Additional Disclosures for Users in California
Cookie Notice
1. Scope
Whose privacy policy is this?
This Privacy Policy applies to the website accessible at
https://www.datacamp.com
, the e-learning platform also accessible through that website, the DataCamp Community website (collectively, the "
Websites
"), and the mobile application (the "
App
"), all owned and operated by DataCamp, Inc., a Delaware corporation.
When we refer to ‘we’ (“
DataCamp
”, ”
we
”, or “
us
”), that means DataCamp, Inc., of 1 Pennsylvania Plaza, Suite 2014, New York, NY 10119, US and all its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Data Science Central UK Ltd. and DataCamp Belgium BV. Our headquarters are in New York City but we operate and have offices in London, United Kingdom and Leuven, Belgium as well.
For European Union data protection purposes, when we act as a data controller in relation to your personal data, DataCamp, Inc. is the data controller and DataCamp Belgium BV (company number 0542351249) of Martelarenlaan 38 3010 Kessel-Lo Leuven, Belgium is our representative in the European Union.
If you use our services though a Free Plan or Individual Plan, we are the
data controller
of your personal data. This means we request and collect your personal data and vouch to work responsibly with it. We put the necessary security measurements in place, give you control over your personal data, and we respect your rights as the data subject.
If you are using our services as part of a Business Plan or Classroom Plan, DataCamp is the
data processor
of your personal data. The organization that contracted with us for the subscription is the data controller.
This Privacy Policy is part of our
Terms of Use
. Terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings provided in the
Terms of Use
.
What about links to third party websites?
The services may contain links to third party websites. When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will go to another site, and another entity may collect personal or anonymous data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of your personal data after you click on links to such outside websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website you visit. The links to third party websites or locations are for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of such third parties or their products, content, or websites.
2. Information We Collect
What is personal data?
Personal data identifies you as a person, such as 'obvious identifiers' like your name, postal address, email address or telephone number; and 'non-obvious identifiers' like your device ID or IP address. It allows us to know who you are.
What personal data do we collect?
When you registered for a DataCamp account, and when you contact us for customer support, we collect the following personal data from you:
Personal Information
: such as, your name (first and last names), email address and subscription type; and
Payment Information
: such as, your PayPal account or credit card information, including, card number, name on card, CVV code, expiration date and postal code.
When you use the App, it automatically collects the following personal data:
Device and Location-related Information
: such as, your device ID, device type, unique device token, advertising ID and IP address; and
Business/ Classroom-related Information (if applicable)
: such as, your organisation name, company domain, a link to your personal faculty page and your role (e.g. professor, TA, or student).
We automatically collect and process the following personal data about you when you browse or interact with the Websites and App: computer and connection information such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, your browsing history, and your web log information.
You have the option of providing the following personal data to us when completing your DataCamp profile on your account:
Additional Personal Information
: such as, your telephone number and photo (Avatar); and
Educational/ Employment-related Information
: such as, your company/ school, and role.
Sometimes, we receive personal data about you from third parties. In particular: from marketing data providers, we may receive your name, job title, company name, your job title and your LinkedIn URL and from third party online platforms, we will receive your name, e-mail address, company name, role from your LinkedIn profile when you log in via LinkedIn, your Facebook ID, Facebook Profile picture and Facebook URL from Facebook when you log-in through Facebook, your browser OS details, Google ID, Google profile picture, and Google Profile URLs from Google when you log-in to your DataCamp account through Google and your Zendesk data from Zendesk.
Should I share sensitive personal data while using the services?
We ask that you not send us and that you do not disclose any sensitive personal data (i.e. information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or other beliefs, health information, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background, trade union membership or information about your sex life or sexual orientation) or information like social security numbers on or through the services or otherwise to us.
Do we collect personal data from children?
We do not intentionally gather personal data from visitors who are under the age of 13. If you believe that we might have done so, please contact us using our
privacy contact form
. When we learn that a child under 13 has submitted their personal data to DataCamp, we will try to delete the information as soon as possible if we do not have consent from the guardian.
3. How We Use Information
How do we use personal data, and what is the legal basis for this use?
We exist to help you learn, practice, and apply data science skills. To help you on your learning path, we have to collect some personal data. All of this is laid out in this section.
To fulfil a contract, or take steps linked to a contract. In particular:
providing the DataCamp products and services to you (like taking a Python course);
communicating with you (like providing you with a personalized statement of accomplishment when you have finished a DataCamp course); and
taking payment from you.
Where this is necessary for purposes which are in our, or third parties, legitimate interests. These interests are:
improving the DataCamp products and services;
operating, and personalizing, the Websites and App;
providing customer support (including, responding to support tickets);
enrich your profile in your DataCamp account;
updating you with operational news and information about our Websites, App and services e.g. to notify you about changes to our Websites, website disruptions or security updates;
carrying out technical analysis to determine how to improve our Websites, App and services;
monitoring activity on the Websites and App, e.g. to identify inactive users, identify potentially fraudulent activity and to ensure compliance with the user terms that apply to the Websites and App;
managing our relationship with you, e.g. by responding to your comments or queries submitted to us on the Websites or the App, or asking for your feedback or whether you want to participate in a survey or user test;
calling you about any product trials you have requested;
managing our legal and operational affairs; and
providing general administrative and performance functions and activities.
Where you give us consent:
providing you with marketing information about products and services via email and SMS which we feel may interest you;
customizing our Websites, App and services, like advertising that may appear on the Website and in the App – where this involves the use of cookies or similar technologies – in order to provide a more personalized experience; and
on other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use the data for the purpose which we explain at that time.
For purposes which are required by law: in particular, responding to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.
Relying on our legitimate interests
We have carried out balancing tests for all the data processing we carry out on the basis of our legitimate interests, which we have described above. You can obtain information on any of our balancing tests by contacting us using the details set out later in this Privacy Policy.
Withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct marketing
Wherever we rely on your consent, you will always be able to withdraw that consent, although we may have other legal justifications for using your data for different purposes, such as those set out above.
In some cases, we are able to send you direct marketing without your consent, where we rely on our legitimate interests. You have an absolute right to opt-out of direct marketing, or profiling we carry out for direct marketing, at any time. You can do this by going to
Account Settings > Notifications
where you will see that you can opt-out of different forms of marketing, you can also follow the instructions in the marketing email/ SMS/or during the call with our sales representative if you are contacted by one, or by contacting us via our
privacy contact form
.
4. Information We Share
Is my data being shared outside of DataCamp?
In some cases, we share some of your personal data with our affiliates who also provide our services and external service providers that we need to help us run our own services, such as, providers that help us streamline the sign-up process (by auto-filling certain of your details), optimise your search experience, send you direct marketing about our products and services and to run our surveys.
More specifically, we share some of your personal data with the following external service providers:
Payment Providers
: which take payment from you for our products and services and/or manage our subscriptions;
Customer Support Providers
: which assists us in providing customer support services to you;
CRM and Customer Success Software Providers
: which help us understand and manage the customer experience;
Infrastructure Services Providers
: which help with delivery of our services;
Cloud Services Providers
: which store your data and makes analytics reports for us to help develop our services;
Data and Analytics Providers
: which help us understand user behavior across our websites and mobile application;
Service Specific Providers
: which provide specific product functionality within our e-learning platform and mobile application;
Survey Software Providers
: which assist us in running surveys or user tests; and
Advertising and Marketing Partners
: which we use to contact you on their platforms, to send you personalized promotional materials and to deliver more targeted marketing messages.
Regardless of any choices you make regarding your personal data, DataCamp may disclose personal data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (i) in connection with any legal investigation; (ii) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on DataCamp; (iii) to protect or defend the rights or property of DataCamp or users of the Site or services; and/or (iv) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our
Terms of Use
.
Other than that we do not share your personal data with any other party.
What if DataCamp is acquired or if we acquire another company?
We may share some or all of your personal data in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets.
In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, personal data may also be transferred as a business asset.
If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the personal data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal data as described in this Privacy Policy.
Upon these events, this Privacy Policy might change and we will notify you when appropriate.
5. International Data Transfers
Do we transfer data outside of your country?
Your information, including personal data that we collect from you, will be transferred to, stored at, and processed by us and other third parties and companies within the DataCamp group of companies (documented within this Privacy Policy) outside of the country in which you reside.
For European data protection purposes, your personal data may be transferred outside of the European Economic Area ("
EEA
"), Switzerland or the United Kingdom, in particular, to the United States. Where this is to a third party or a group company in a country that is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission (or the UK equivalent), such data is transferred on the basis of the applicable Standard Contractual Clauses when transferred to DataCamp in the United States, or when transferred to one of our third party service providers based in the United States.
A copy of the relevant mechanism can be provided for your review on request to
privacy@datacamp.com
6. Retention
How long is my data being kept?
We keep your personal data as long as (i) you are a registered user on DataCamp or (ii) we need it to provide you with our services.
This is with the exception of your payment details and your transaction history which we need to keep for 7 years from the date of the relevant transaction. These periods will be extended if there is a likely or ongoing legal claim from you or if we are required to keep it in connection with legal proceedings, or by law or industry guidelines. You may cancel your subscription or delete your personal data at any time (for further detail, see “How can I remove my data?” in the Section “My Privacy Rights” below).
7. Information Security
How do we protect your personal data?
The security of your personal data is important to us. We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect personal data within our organization:
When you enter sensitive data (such as a credit card number), your information is sent over an authenticated and encrypted connection using
Transport Layer Security
(TLS).
We store your personal data only on servers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities and use a variety of technologies and procedures intended to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Nonetheless, no communication via the Internet can ever be 100% secure, and no security measures are guaranteed to be effective. Accordingly, you are advised to use caution and discretion when determining what personal information to disclose to us.
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us via our
privacy contact form
.
8. Marketing and Notifications
What types of marketing can you expect from DataCamp?
We send regular emails through email marketing automation systems. We also use third-party advertising services like Facebook, Google, and other ad networks and ad servers to deliver advertising about our services on other websites and applications you may use. The ads may be based on your recent activity, activity over time, and/or activity on other sites and services and may be tailored to your interests. We use mobile notifications to keep you up to date of new features and content. When you make a request to receive a trial product, you may also receive a call from our sales representatives.
What personal data does DataCamp use for marketing?
Advertising services may place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, phone, or other devices to collect data about your use of our services, and may access those tracking technologies in order to serve tailored advertisements to you. To help deliver tailored advertising, we may provide these service providers with a hashed, anonymized version of your email address (in a non-human-readable form) and content that you share publicly on DataCamp.
When using mobile applications you may also receive tailored in-app advertisements. Apple iOS, Android OS, and Microsoft Windows each provide their own instructions on how to control in-app tailored advertising. For other devices and operating systems, you should review your privacy settings or contact your platform operator.
USED PERSONAL DATA
WHAT DO WE USE THIS FOR?
First and Last Name
Your first and last name will be used to address you in a more personal way.
Email Address
To deliver tailored emails and ads that could relate to the company or institution you are associated with.
Timezone
This allows us to send you emails when it makes sense for you: during working hours and not in the middle of the night.
Phone Number
If you provide your phone number we might call or text you promotions or product updates.
Mobile Device ID
To be able to send push marketing notifications to your mobile device.
Your time zone, email address, first and last name and mobile device ID will be stored in customer.io (
privacy policy
), which is a third-party service we use to manage our communication channels with our learners.
Your browser id, name and email address will be stored in OneSignal (
privacy policy
) if you enabled desktop notifications from us. OneSignal will also collect your IP and various other personal data to improve their services.
Here is a non-exhaustive list of the various advertisement services we are using. Please consult their individual privacy policies to find out what personal data they are collecting.
USED PERSONAL DATA
WHAT DO WE USE THIS FOR?
Google Ads
Privacy Policy Google Ads
Outbrain Ads
Privacy Policy Outbrain
Quora Ads
Privacy Policy Quora Pixel
Bing Ads
Privacy Policy Bing Ads
Facebook Ads
Privacy Policy Facebook
LinkedIn Ads
Privacy Policy LinkedIn
How do I stop direct marketing?
If you do not want to receive any more emails or direct marketing from DataCamp you can revoke your consent by unsubscribing within the email you receive or within your account settings. Go to
Account Settings > Notifications
where you have the choice to remove yourself from our mailing and direct marketing lists.
How do I select which emails I would like to receive?
We have created a useful overview of all the types of emails and notifications we send you on your account. Just go to
Account Settings > Notifications
where you can deselect any type of email or notification on that page.
9. Product Improvements
Every day we strive to deliver you the best learning experience possible. One of the ways we do this is by profiling and tracking user behavior. Another is by launching surveys and doing user tests. Both allow us to analyze and improve our products.
What is profiling?
Profiling allows us to build user profiles by starting from an identification code or other information that you provide to DataCamp and track activities through analytics features.
What personal data is collected during profiling or tracking?
For more information on cookies and similar third party tracking technologies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
How do I turn off profiling?
If you would like to disable profiling and tracking, please let us know using the
privacy contact form
. Our support team will help you turn off profiling/tracking.
10. My Privacy Rights
How can I access my data?
You have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal data, and for certain information about how we use it. To do this, please use our
privacy contact form
.
How can I edit my data?
At all times you can edit your personal data in your
account settings
.
Some of your personal data might not be editable in those settings. In that case, we advise you to contact us via our
privacy contact form
to rectify this data for you.
If you are a member and receive access to DataCamp through an organization, company or school, certain fields may not be available to edit. For example, if your organization admin has SSO enabled, you may be unable to edit certain fields such as your name and email. If you created a personal account using your corporate e-mail address, this may later be linked to your corporate account and become accessible to your organization's admin if your organization creates an account in your name.
Organizations can edit their data including company name and address in their
account settings
. For other inquiries, please use our
privacy contact form
.
How can I remove my data?
At any time you can cancel your subscription and delete your data permanently in your
account settings
. We would be sad to see you leave though :-( You may not be able to delete all of the data which we process about you via your
account settings
. In that case, we advise you to contact us via our
privacy contact form
.
Organizations who wish to permanently delete their group and all its data can use our
privacy contact form
. Please note, this action cannot be undone once it’s complete.
Can I download my data?
Currently, we do not support automatic download of your data. However, you have the right to ask us to retrieve all the personal data we have about you. You can submit a request via our
privacy contact form
if you wish to download your data.
Can I stop DataCamp using my data?
You can object to DataCamp using your personal data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, or where we are using the data for direct marketing). See above for information about how to unsubscribe to direct marketing.
You also have the right to ask us to restrict (i.e. stop any active) processing of your personal data.
To take either of these actions, please use our
privacy contact form
.
For registering an account on our e-learning platform, the provision of first name, last name, email and password is mandatory: if relevant data is not provided, then you will not be able to create an account. For subscribing to one of our paid courses the provision of payment and address information is mandatory: if relevant data is not provided, then we will not be able to receive your payment, send you an invoice and process the transaction. All other provisions of your information is optional. For example, if you do not provide us with your phone number, we would not be able to call you to provide you with more information about the products you may be interested in.
11. Changes to This Privacy Policy
What if we change this policy?
We may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time so we encourage you to review it frequently. If you are unsure whether the Privacy Policy has changed, please refer to the “Last Modified” date above. If a change is significant, we will post a notice on the
datacamp.com
website and in the App before such changes take effect.
12. Questions, Feedback or Issues
We see our privacy strategy as a dialogue between us and our data science learners. And any part of a good dialogue is feedback, questions, and issues.
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy or doubts about certain sections, please don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@datacamp.com
. We’ll be happy to clarify things for you.
In case you may experience a privacy issue with our services you can also contact us using the
privacy contact form
. We are committed to resolve any complaints about our collection or use of your personal data.
We will reply to your complaint as soon as we can. We hope to resolve any complaint brought to our attention, however, if you feel that your complaint has not been adequately resolved, you may contact your
local EU data protection supervisory authority
, where applicable.
And last but not least, we are open to receiving any type of feedback on our privacy strategy. So please drop us a line using our
privacy contact form
,
or by contacting us at privacy@datacamp.com
13. Additional Disclosures for Users in California
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use and share “Personal Information” of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
Categories of Information We Collect, Use, and Disclose for Business Purposes.
We may collect the following statutory categories (as defined by CCPA) of Personal Information, as further described in the “What Personal Data Do We Collect” section above:
Identifiers (e.g., name, email address, phone number, account name, IP address, and an ID or number assigned to your account. ).
Commercial information (e.g., subscription records, site engagement).
Online identifiers (e.g., device identifier, IP address, unique browser ID, cookies, beacons, pixel tags, account login, other unique identifiers).
Internet or network information (e.g., browsing and search history, site and advertisement interactions).
Geolocation data (e.g., precise location derived from GPS-enabled services).
Financial information (e.g., your financial account numbers or payment card information; please note that a third party payment processor is responsible for all collection, processing, and storage of your Financial Information and we do not have direct access to or possession of any payment card information.)
Employment and education data (e.g., information you provide when you apply for a job with us.
Protected classification characteristics (e.g., age or gender; please note that we do not intentionally collect this information, but it may be revealed in identity data or other information we collect)
Audio or visual data (e.g., pictures you post on our services.)
Inferences (e.g., information about your interests, preferences, and favorites).
We collect this information from you, your devices, third parties, or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We use these categories of Personal Information as described in “How do we use personal data, and what is the legal basis for this use?” section above, and we disclose these categories of Personal Information for business purposes as described above in the “Is my data being shared outside of DataCamp?” section.
If Personal Information about you has been processed by us as a service provider on behalf of a customer and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such Personal Information, please inquire with our customer directly. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of our customer on whose behalf we processed your Personal Information. We will refer your request to that customer, and will support them to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
Your Rights
. Under the CCPA, California residents have the right to request access to or deletion of their Personal Information, to request additional details about our information practices, to opt out of the "sale" of Personal Information, if applicable, and to not be discriminated against. You may exercise these rights by clicking
here
. If you have additional questions or need help exercising your rights, you may email us at
privacy@datacamp.com
. You must put the statement “My California Privacy Rights” in the subject field.
In order to exercise these rights, you will need to verify your identity to protect your security and Personal Information. Note that even if we honor your request to delete your information, we may retain certain information as required or permitted by law.
Sale of Personal Information
. DataCamp does not sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). Like many companies, we do use marketing and advertising partners, however, and we share Personal Information (such as online identifiers or browsing activity) with them so that they can help us promote our services. Making such Personal Information available to these companies may be considered a “sale” under the CCPA. You can request to opt out of such “sale” of your Personal Information
here
. You can also opt out of receiving certain targeted advertising as described in the
Cookie Notice
or by emailing us at
privacy@datacamp.com
. Please note that you will still see some advertising, regardless of your selection.
Shine the Light
. If you’re a resident of California, you can request a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information, as defined by California Civil Code Section 1798.83, we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for their direct marketing purposes and the contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. Please submit a written request to
privacy@datacamp.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.datacamp.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360004155713#skip_wizard:
Skip to main content
Send us a message
Choose the product or service you need help with
Your email address
Subject
In a few words let us know what you need help with
Your message
Normal text
Header 2
Header 3
Header 4
Describe how we can help, including any links that are relevant
Please provide any links that may help
(optional)
My account plan
-
I consent to DataCamp support reviewing and accessing my account and payment information if necessary
Attachments
(optional)
Add file
or drop files here
In a few words let us know what you need help with
Describe how we can help, including any links that are relevant
Select the reason that best fits your message
Let us know which plan your account is on
Sub-policy 1
https://customer.io/gdpr.html:
404
Oops! The page you’re looking for doesn’t exist. It may have been moved, deleted, or never existed.
Customer.io is a customer engagement platform that helps businesses connect with their audiences through email, SMS, and more.
Visit Customer.io
Sub-policy 2
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy:
Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display
Skip to Content
Privacy Policy
Last Updated and Reviewed: April 12, 2024
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust is one of our     highest priorities. This Privacy Policy includes a description of our     information practices, how we use tracking technologies, as well as the     decisions you may make regarding how your information is collected and     used.
California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Employees, Job Applicants,       Owners, Directors, Officers, and Contractors:
If you are a resident of California, the United Kingdom, or Singapore and     you are an employee, controlling owner, director, officer, or independent     contractor of ours, see the
Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Company       Workforce
below. If you are a resident of California, the United Kingdom, or     Singapore and a job applicant, see
https://onesignal.com/job-privacy
.
Introduction and Background
OneSignal, Inc. is a U.S. company located at 201 S. B Street, San Mateo, CA     94401 (“OneSignal” “we,” “us,” and “our”).
OneSignal is a customer engagement platform for companies around the world     to enable their relationships with (and communicate with) their customers.     This is primarily done by leveraging first party data (the company’s data on     their customers) to personalize and automate messaging by the company     through various channels, such as email, SMS, mobile push notifications, web     push notifications, and in-app messaging.
OneSignal collects this first party data through a software development kit     (“
SDKs
”) that companies use in their mobile applications and websites. These web     and mobile SDKs permit app developers and website operators to send, manage,     optimize and customize messages to their customers and users. All of our     services are referred to collectively as our “
Services,
” and the app developers, website operators, business customers, partners     and advertisers are referred to collectively as our “
Clients.
”
This privacy policy (the “
Privacy Policy
”) explains our personal information practices regarding:
Our Client’s end users and customers (“
Client End Users
”),
Our Clients’, partners’, and vendors’ business representatives (e.g., their     employees), and
Users of our website(s), including any website on which this Privacy Policy     is posted, which we separately describe in Section 4,
below
.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party sites or hosted     services you may find or access through our website. This Privacy Policy     also does not apply to our Client’s data practices.  If you submit     personal information to any of those sites or services or to our Clients,     your information will be governed by their privacy policies. We encourage     you to carefully read the privacy policy of any site you visit or hosted     service you use.
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy mean     information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of     being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or     indirectly, to an individual or household.
Data Controller or Data Processor
OneSignal is primarily a data processor (or service provider) in relation     to the Services we provide to our Clients, such as when a Client deploys our     technology in order to collect, process or transfer their first party data.     In some cases we operate as a data controller (or business) when we process     personal information of our business contacts, employees, and     representatives.
1. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify this Privacy Policy     or any portion thereof. Any changes will be effective from the time of     publication of the new privacy policy. Your continued use of the Services     after the changes have been implemented shall indicate your agreement with     the terms of such revised privacy policy. Otherwise, and if the new privacy     policy does not suit you, you must no longer use the Services. Where     required by law we will notify you and/or obtain your     consent.
2. Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact our     Data Protection Officer at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
or at 201 S. B Street, Suite 200 San Mateo, CA 94401.
3. Our Data Practices on our SDKs
Categories of Information Collected About Client End Users by Our Web       SDKs
Identifiers such as:
IP address
Email address, if provided to us
A unique cookie identifier, which may uniquely identify a Client End       User
Commercial information that we receive from our Clients or from our Clients’     use of our Services, such as:
Information about Client End User’s transactions and interactions with       apps and websites
What push notifications have been sent to a Client End User
Internet or other electronic network information activity information, such     as:
Information about a Client End User’s browser, such as browser language       type and version of operating system (e.g., Android, iOS); network       provider; language setting; time zone
Web pages visited that have implemented the SDK, and information about       those visits (e.g., session duration, time-stamp, referring URLs)
Geolocation data inferred from IP address
Sensitive information provided or made available by our Clients
Categories of Information Collected About Client End Users by Our Mobile       SDKs
Identifiers such as:
IP address
Email address, if provided to us
Mobile device or account identifiers which may be associated with other       information, including inference data that Clients create on Client End       Users
Commercial information that we receive from our Clients or from our Clients’     use of our Services, such as:
Purchases made within an app
Information about Client End User’s transactions and interactions with the       app
Internet or other electronic network information activity information, such     as:
Information associated with or related to devices, such as device type       (e.g., mobile, tablet); type and version of operating system (e.g.,       Android, iOS); network provider; mobile browser (e.g. Safari, Chrome,       etc.); language setting; time zone; and network status type (such as       WiFi)
How a user has used the App (e.g., session duration, time-stamp)
Geolocation data inferred from IP address
Precise Location information, generally a Client End User’s lat/long data       (i.e., GPS-level data) or WiFi information, which we may associate with       Mobile IDs, and which may be collected whether or not an app is in use.       (Location information is only collected the user has granted permission to       the App to collect this, and the app chooses to send this data to       OneSignal)
Sensitive information provided or made available by our Clients
Sensitive Information
We generally ask our Clients not to provide us with any sensitive     information of the Client End Users. However, if they do provide us with     sensitive information, then as a service provider to our Clients, we rely on     our Clients to obtain consent (if required by applicable law) or provide opt     out rights (if required by law) and to provide all rights to individuals as     are required by applicable law, contract, or otherwise. Where applicable and     required by law, we may enter into U.S. business associate agreements with     our Clients for the processing of protected health     information.
We refer to all of the above collectively as the “
SDK Information .”Sources of SDK Information
The categories of sources of the SDK Information include the     following:
Information provided by our Clients
Information automatically collected from our Clients’ use of the     Services
How We Use the SDK Information
We use the SDK Information on behalf of our Clients for the purpose of     providing the Services to our Clients. This includes:
To offer and support app and website features provided through the SDKs,     including those related to push notifications. This includes, for instance,     providing customer, technical and operational support for these features,     detecting and protecting against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity;     resolving disputes and enforcing our legal terms and other rights we may     have. It also includes analyzing, customizing, and improving the features we     offer Clients.
To provide information and analytics to our Clients about the use of these     app and website features provided through the SDKs, or to help Clients     create or enhance user profiles of Client End Users.
To enable Clients to create inferences about Client End Users. For instance,     if SDK Information indicates that a particular device is frequently seen at     restaurants, we might categorize a user for targeting of local restaurant     offers. Or, if a user is frequently seen at sports stadiums, we might     categorize the user as a “Sports Fan.”
To develop and use “predictive models” which are data models that try to     predict Client End Users’ potential future behavior and interests on a     per-device basis or across devices.
To analyze ad performance, for instance, by attributing Client End Users’     app installations, web visits, or store visits to ad campaigns.
Sometimes, the SDK Information may be used to resolve identities across     multiple devices, such as to match IP addresses or hashed emails to link a     Client End User across (for instance) browsers, mobile devices, tablets, set     top boxes, or other devices.
Sometimes the SDK Information may be used to perform any of the above     functions, or other marketing or analytics services. Or, we may aggregate     and create data “models” to do this – creating algorithms in order to     predict certain trends and things that different Client End Users might have     in common.
We may deploy online cookies to track users across websites, or to     associate users (and these cookies) with Mobile IDs. We may do this to     resolve user identifies across platforms, and to better or more accurately     target messages. You can learn more about cookies and similar technologies,     such as web beacons and SDKs, in the Section titled “
Cookies, Pixel Tags and
SDKs
.”
We may also use the SDK Information for the following purposes:
To explore a potential acquisition or sale of our business
To prevent or stop activity that we may think is illegal; to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; to protect     the security of our services or website; to comply with applicable law; to     comply with legal process and our legal obligations; to respond to requests     or requirements from public, law and government authorities and private     parties; to enforce our terms; to allow us to pursue available remedies or     limit potential damages; and to exercise or defend legal claims
In other ways with your consent or at your direction
How We Disclose the SDK Information
We may disclose SDK Information to the following categories of third     parties:
Service Providers.
We disclose the SDK Information on our Clients’ behalf to service providers,     contractors and other companies to fulfill your orders, operate our     business, communicate with you and make available our Services and this     Website. These service providers may help us perform any of the activities     set forth in Section 2. For instance, we may disclose certain of the     information we collect or receive to companies that help us with billing and     payment, marketing, advertising and email marketing, data enhancement (e.g.,     to provide more relevant offers), website hosting, technology and customer     support, web and marketing analytics, anti-fraud or security operations, and     other operational, marketing or business support.
We likewise may disclose the SDK Information or data segments regarding a     Client (for instance, related to push notifications they send) for that     Client’s own advertising, analytics, or other purposes.
Affiliates.
We may disclose your information to our affiliates (e.g., our     subsidiaries).
Buyers and investors.
We may disclose or transfer your personal information in connection with, or     during negotiations of, any acquisition of our business, financing or     similar transaction.
Other third parties for legal purposes.
We may also disclose your information if we believe it is required: (a) to     prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our services and website; (d)     under applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal     obligations; (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and     government authorities (including national security and law enforcement     requirements) and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions;     (h) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages; and     (i) to exercise or defend legal claims.
Other ways with consent.
We may disclose your personal information in other ways with your consent or     at your direction.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah       Residents.
We do not sell your personal information or share your personal information     for cross context behavioral advertising or for targeted advertising     purposes.
We may create deidentified information as part of providing our Services. We     commit to maintain and use deidentified information in deidentified form     only and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except we may     attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining     whether our deidentification process satisfies our commitment above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal     or similarly significant effects concerning     you.
4. Our Data Practices on the OneSignal Website(s)
OneSignal Website Information We Collect
We collect the following personal information from visitors of our     website(s) (the “
OneSignal Website Information,
” including the website on which this Privacy Policy appears (“
OneSignal Website(s)
”):
Identifiers that you disclose to us on the OneSignal Websites, such as name,     email address, phone number, and other contact information. For example, you     provide your personal information when you request information from us, fill     out a form on our website, or interact with us in other ways.
Internet or other electronic network activity information that is collected     by automated mechanisms (e.g., with cookies, unique IDs, pixels and other     locally stored objects), such as visitor interactions with the OneSignal     Websites. (You can learn more about these technologies below in the Section     titled “
Cookies, Pixel Tags and
SDKs
”). We may use third party-services such as Google Analytics, in which case     those third parties gather information such as your IP address, browser     type, the webpage from which you came to our website, and the times of your     access to the OneSignal Website. In addition, as you browse our website,     advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand     what you are interested in. Our display advertising partners may then help     us retarget ads to you on other sites based on your interactions with the     OneSignal Website. To “opt out” of having your information used to tailor     ads to you in this way by third party ad platforms that we may work with or     provide data to, please review the Section below titled “
Consumer Control and Opt Out  Options
”  to learn how to opt-out of these services and instead receive     generic, non-tailored ads. When we do use these types of third party     advertising partners, we endeavor to limit and restrict their processing to     acting solely as our service provider and data processor.
Audio and electronic information of our Clients’, partners’, and vendor’s     employees and other representatives in connection with business calls and     business email communications.
Professional or employment related information about our Clients’,     partners’, and vendors’ employees and other representatives.
Sensitive information, as defined under applicable law, which may include     location data and account login data
Sensitive Information
If you are a California resident and you have created an online login     account with us, your account login information may be treated as sensitive     information under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). The     account is set up in your capacity as a representative of one of our     Clients. We use that information at your specific request and to perform our     services to the Client. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose     of inferring characteristics about you. Also, we do not sell sensitive     information and we do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive     information for the purpose of behavioral advertising. You may ask us to     delete this account information, but you will not be able to log in anymore     on behalf of the Client.
Sources of OneSignal Website Information
The categories of sources of the SDK Information include the     following:
Information provided by you
Information automatically collected from your use of the OneSignal     Website
Information collected in connection with our business relationship (e.g.     interactions with you as a representative of one of our Clients, partners,     or vendors)
How We Use the OneSignal Website Information
In addition to the uses described above, we use the OneSignal Website     Information (alone or in combination) to provide, market, and operate the     OneSignal Websites and Services. Among other things, by collecting the     OneSignal Website Information, we are able to:
Perform our contract obligations, including maintaining and offering access     to the OneSignal Websites and Services and optimizing how they’re offered to     our Clients.
Send information about our products and services, including administrative     and marketing communications.
Respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries.
Customize the content and advertising you see on the OneSignal Websites,     across the Internet, and elsewhere.
Explore a potential acquisition or sale of our business
Prevent or stop activity that we may think is illegal; protect our rights,     privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; protect the     security of our services or website; comply with applicable law; comply with     legal process and our legal obligations; respond to requests or requirements     from public, law and government authorities and private parties; to enforce     our terms; allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages;     and exercise or defend legal claims.
Use your information in other ways with your consent or at your     direction.
How We Disclose the OneSignal Website Information
We may disclose the OneSignal Website Information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service providers, such as third parties that help us to provide the     OneSignal Websites or Services and make them available and functional (such     as hosting services); entities that help us make available or transmit any     information we hold (such as helping us send emails, process payments, and     manage customer information); and entities that help us (including our     contractors, agents, and affiliates) provide technical, customer, billing,     administrative, event planning, marketing or operational services to us or     our Clients.
Corporate affiliates such as subsidiaries.
A third party as part of a business sale, merger, consolidation, investment,     change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or     liquidation, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an     event (e.g., due diligence).
A third party if we believe it is required: (a) to prevent or stop activity     that we may think is, or is at risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally     actionable activity; (b) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property,     and that of you and others; (c) to protect our operations and the security     of our services and website; (d) under applicable law; (e) to comply with     legal process and our legal obligations; (f) to respond to requests or     requirements from public, law and government authorities (including national     security and law enforcement requirements) and private parties; (g) to     enforce our terms and conditions; (h) to allow us to pursue available     remedies or limit potential damages; and (i) to exercise or defend legal     claims.
Other third parties with your consent or at your direction.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah       Residents.
We do not sell your personal information or share your personal information     for targeted advertising purposes.
We may create deidentified information as part of providing our Services. We     commit to maintain and use deidentified information in deidentified form     only and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except we may     attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining     whether our deidentification process satisfies our commitment above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal     or similarly significant effects concerning you.
5. Cookies, Pixel Tags and SDKs
Cookies and Pixel Tags.
Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such     as an anonymous unique browser identifier. Cookies are stored on your     computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your device or     browser. Our servers may send your device a cookie when you visit the     OneSignal Websites, and our Clients and partners may do likewise on our     OneSignal Websites, our Clients’ websites, and elsewhere. A pixel tag (also     commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel     that is placed on certain web pages. When you access web pages on which a     pixel tag is deployed, the pixel tag may generate a generic notice of the     visit and permit OneSignal, our Clients or partners to set or read cookies.     Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to anonymously track the     activity on a website by a particular browser on a particular device. If you     disable cookies, pixel tags simply detect an anonymous website visit.     OneSignal, alone or with our Clients and partners, may use cookies to, among     other things, “remember” you (e.g., when you visit the OneSignal Websites or     the websites of our Clients or partners), track trends, and collect     information about how you use our Clients’ or partners’ websites or interact     with advertising. We and partners we work with use cookies to provide     relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better     match your interests. We may sometimes use other locally stored objects in     ways similar to how we use cookies. Often, these objects are deleted when     you clear your browser cookie cache, but because this may not always occur     (depending on the browser you use), we recommend that if you wish to opt out     of notification features or third party interest-based advertising you     instead follow the steps we have set forth in Section 7 titled “
Consumer Control & Opt-Out Options.
”
Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs.
We may use or work with partners who use mobile SDKs (including our     own SDKs, which are described in more detail in this Policy) to collect     information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising     IDs), and information related to how mobile devices and their users interact     with our Services and those using our Services. The SDK is computer code     that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown,     data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. We may use     this technology, for instance, to identify users through mobile applications     and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. We do     not collect advertising identifiers such as IDFAs or Android Advertising     IDs.
Social Media Widgets.
The OneSignal Website may include social media features, such as the     Twitter button, and widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive     mini-programs. These features may collect your IP address, which page you     are visiting on the website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to     function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a     third party or hosted directly on the website. Your interactions with these     features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing     it.
Do Not Track Signals.
OneSignal currently does not respond to browser do not track (DNT)     signals, so we may not be aware of, or may be unable to respond to, such     signals.
6. Data Retention
Generally speaking, we retain the SDK Information and Website Information     for as long as reasonably necessary to achieve our objectives as detailed in     this Privacy Policy, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve     disputes and enforce our agreements. We may delete user information from     certain apps that we deem as “inactive,” in-line with applicable privacy     laws and privacy best practices, and in response to requests from Clients     and individuals. In general, “inactive” apps include apps with no recent     messages sent or impressions made, no recent logins by accounts associated     with the app, and/or no meaningful changes in user counts.
When considering the retention period for personal information, we consider     the nature, sensitivity, and amount of the personal information, the     potential risk of harm from unauthorized disclosure or use, and our legal,     regulatory, tax, accounting and other similar obligations.
For customers on our free plan, we delete push subscribers that have not     been active for the past 18 months. Push subscribers are considered dormant     if the subscriber: (1) has not used the customer’s  mobile app or     visited the customer’s  website in more than 18 months, or (2)     OneSignal has not processed any data points for the subscriber in more than     18 months. For customers on active paid plans, their subscribers will be     retained until the customer chooses to delete them.
7. Data Security
We have reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in     place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and     communications networks. These safeguards are designed to protect     information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use,     modification, or disclosure and to protect the confidentiality, integrity,     and accessibility of personal information. In addition, we are SOC 2 Type 2     certified and have a SOC 2 Type 2 report certifying that our security     policies and controls meet industry standards. This report captures how we     safeguard customer data and how well those controls are     operating.
Note that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure     and  we cannot guarantee absolute security of personal     information.
8. Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age     of 18. Our services and our website are directed to and intended for people     who are at least 18 years old or older. If you are a parent or guardian and     you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information,     please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected personal     information from anyone under the age of 18 without verification of parental     consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers and     databases.
If our Clients provide us with information about individuals under the age     of 18, as a service provider we rely on our Clients to obtain consent (if     required by applicable law) or provide opt out rights (if required by law)     and otherwise to provide such rights to individuals and their parents or     legal guardians as are required by applicable law, contract, or     otherwise.
9. Third-Party Websites and Apps
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites     and applications that use our Services. Likewise, when you access the     OneSignal Website, you may be directed to other websites that are also     beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies     and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the     industry tools that we have referenced in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy     Policy, however, only applies to the OneSignal Site and the     Services.
10. European Data - Legal Grounds
If you are a visitor to our OneSignal Website from the European Economic     Area, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, our legal basis for collecting and     using the personal information described above will depend on the personal     information concerned and the specific context in which we collect     it.
Our legal grounds for processing your personal information may be one or     more of the following:
Consent: in some cases, we rely on your consent, which you can withdraw at     any time
Performance of a contract with you: we might need to process your personal     information to perform our obligations or to take steps prior to entering     into a contract with you
Compliance with law: in some cases, we may have a legal obligation to use or     retain your personal data
Legitimate interests: we may also process your personal information where it     is necessary for our legitimate interests in a way that might be expected as     part of running our business and not overridden by your data protection     interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
If we process your personal information on behalf of a Client, we rely on     our Client’s legal ground for processing your personal information on their     behalf.
11. Individuals From Outside the United States
Data is hosted and stored in Europe and accessed in the United States, as     well as other countries where our offices or facilities are located or where     our service providers operate. The data protection and other laws of the     United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By     using the OneSignal Website or Services you consent to your information     being transferred to our offices and facilities and to those of our service     providers to whom we disclose it.
Standard Contractual Clauses
If you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or     Switzerland, we will protect your personal information when it is     transferred outside of your jurisdiction by (a) processing it in a territory     that provides an adequate level of protection based on its data protection     laws; or (b) implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal     information, such as relying on the European standard contractual clauses     (and the United Kingdom addendum, if applicable). OneSignal currently relies     on these European standard contractual clauses for data transfers and the     Data Privacy Framework (see below).
Data Privacy Framework
OneSignal complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK     Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data     Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. OneSignal     has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the     EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
EU-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the     European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in     reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. OneSignal has certified to     the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data     Privacy Framework Principles (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland     in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the     terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the     Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF principles shall govern. To learn more     about the Data Privacy Framework (“
DPF
”) program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/list
.
OneSignal commits to applying the DPF’s Principles to all Personal Data     that OneSignal in the U.S. receives from European Economic Area member     countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland in reliance on the respective     DPF.
Our compliance with the DPF is subject to the investigatory and enforcement     powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In accordance with the DPF, we     are also liable for onward transfers to third parties that process personal     information in a way that does not follow the DPF.
Please email us at
privacy@onesignal.com
with any questions, concerns, or complaints about our DPF certification. You     can resolve any applicable disputes with us related to our certification     free of charge through JAMS (
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.     You can contact JAMS as described at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
In some situations, the DPF Framework gives you the right to invoke binding     arbitration. You can do this to resolve complaints not resolved by other     means, as described in Annex I to the DPF Framework (
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/framework-text
)
OneSignal agrees to periodically review and verify its compliance with the     DPF Principles, and to remedy any issues arising out of failure to comply     with the DPF Principles. OneSignal acknowledges that its failure to provide     an annual self-certification to the U.S. Department of Commerce will remove     it from the Department’s list of DPF participants.
12. Consumer Control and Opt Out Options
You may have the following privacy rights:
If you wish to
access, correct, or request deletion
of your     personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
If you wish to
opt-out of marketing communications
(including emails),     click on the “opt-out” link in our marketing communications or contact us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
See
Certain US Rights
and
Rights of Europeans
below for additional rights that may apply to you.
Opting Out of OneSignal Push Notifications
You may in most cases opt out of receiving push notifications by going to     your device “Settings” and clicking on “Notifications,” and then changing     those settings for some or all of the apps on your device. Different device     configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these     settings work.
Your choice to opt out of “Notifications” from the OneSignal platform will     not affect notifications placed by any other organization.
Opting Out of Online Interest-Based Advertising by Third Parties
You can opt out of many of the platforms and service providers that     facilitate online interest-based advertising by visiting the Digital     Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page, at     http://www.aboutads.info/. This type of opt out is cookie based and specific     to each browser, which means that if you replace or upgrade your browser, or     delete your cookies, you will need to opt out again. Opting out in this way     will not prevent you from receiving ads – it will just make the ads you see     less customized to you.
Opting Out of “Cross-App” Advertising on Mobile Devices by Third       Parties
You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for     certain types of interest-based (also called “cross-app”) mobile behavioral     advertising, by accessing the “settings” on your Apple or Android mobile     device.
Additional Choices – Our Clients
Our Clients may also provide ways for you to opt out from or limit their     collection of information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy     policies of our Clients to learn more about their privacy     practices.
Where you wish to enforce any of these rights in respect of our Services,     you should contact the Client who provides you with the website or mobile     application. We will then help them to fulfill that request in accordance     with their instructions and applicable legal requirements.
Additional Choices - Europeans
In accordance with European data protection law and the Data Privacy     Framework, you may opt out of having your personal information used for a     purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was     originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. We do not disclose     your personal data to third parties except to our service providers who act     on our behalf.  If we were to disclose your personal data to other     parties who are not our service providers, we would allow you to opt     out.
We ask that our clients not disclose to us any sensitive information about     you (e.g., personal information specifying medical or health conditions,     racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical     beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of     the individual). If we do receive sensitive information about you from our     clients, then European data protection law and the Data Privacy Framework     requires us to obtain your consent. We rely on our clients to obtain any     consent needed to disclose sensitive information to us.
13. Certain US Rights
As a California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut or Utah resident, you may     have the additional rights below.
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction
Right to deletion
Right of no discrimination and no retaliation
Right to appeal (certain states)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising, and     profiling).
Personal Information from Client
If you make a request relating to personal information that we process on     behalf of a Client, you will need to make the request directly with our     Client unless our Client has authorized us to respond directly to     you.
Know, Access, and Data Portability
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you     about our collection and use of your personal information. Once we receive     and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to     you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about     you.
Our purposes for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed that personal     information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you – you can     then copy and port that information.
Correction
You have the right to request that OneSignal correct any of your personal     information that OneSignal collected from you and retained. Once we receive     and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will correct your personal     information.
Deletion
You have the right to request that OneSignal delete any of your personal     information that OneSignal collected from you and retained, subject to     certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer     request, we will delete your personal information from our records, unless     an exception applies under applicable law.
Right of No Discrimination and No Retaliation
We will not retaliate or discriminate against you for exercising any of     your rights under applicable law. You have the right not to receive     discriminatory treatment for the exercise of any of these     rights.
Appeal Right – Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut Residents
If we decline to take action regarding your request, we will inform you of     that decision and the justification for declining to take     action.
If we decline to take action at the direction of our Client, you must     contact the Client directly to appeal the decision.
For Virginia residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no later     than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to us via     email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email
.  Within 60 days after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of     any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal. If the appeal is     denied, you may contact Virginia’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumer-protection/index.php/file-a-complaint.
For Colorado residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no later     than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to us via     email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email.  Within 45 days     after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of any action taken or not     taken in response to the appeal. We may extend this period by 60 additional     days where reasonably necessary. If the appeal is denied, you may contact     Colorado’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://coag.gov/file-complaint/.
For Connecticut residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no     later than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to     us via email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email.  Within 60 days     after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of any action taken or not     taken in response to the appeal. If the appeal is denied, you may contact     Connecticut’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://portal.ct.gov/AG/Common/Complaint-Form-Landing-page.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name and email address and the type of request you     are making (e.g., right to know, access, portability, correction, or     deletion).
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal     information.
14. Rights of Europeans
In accordance with European data protection law and the Data Privacy     Framework, if your personal information is protected under applicable     European data protection law, you may have the following rights:
Right to access
Right to rectification
Right to erasure
Right to restrict processing
Right to data portability
Right to object
Right in relation to automated decision-making and profiling*
Right to withdraw consent
Right to lodge a complaint
*OneSignal currently does not engage in automated decision-making or     profiling.
Personal Information from Client
If you make a request relating to personal information that we process on     behalf of a Client, you will need to make the request directly with our     Client unless our Client has authorized us to respond directly to     you.
If you wish to exercise the rights above, contact us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
If you wish to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal     information, the withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of any processing     we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your     personal information conducted in reliance on other legal grounds other than     consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our     collection and use of your personal information. For more information,     please contact your local supervisory authority.
Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Company       Workforce
This Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore     Company Workforce (“
Workforce Notice
”) applies solely to employees, controlling owners, directors, officers,     independent contractors, and medical staff (if any) of OneSignal who are     California, United Kingdom or Singapore residents (“you” or the “
Company Workforce
”). California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore job applicants can review     our careers privacy policy here:
https://onesignal.com/job-privacy
.
Information We Collect from Company Workforce
We collect the following categories of personal information from our     Company Workforce:
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our     Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set     forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring     characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information, and we     do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for the purpose     of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we     collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the     following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health, medical and     other benefit plans, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to and administering     401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law, evaluating performance,     tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of     confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with     applicable laws and company policies.
Independent contractors
: We     may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance, tracking     efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of confidential     information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws     and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We may     use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,     contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring     compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
. We may     also use your information if we believe it is required or appropriate: (a)     to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our Services; (d) under     applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal obligations;     (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and government     authorities (including national security and law enforcement requirements)     and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to     allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your     personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law         .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information for       Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal information     to other companies for their cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.     “Sell” and “share” are defined under the CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and     profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain     processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable     law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name     and email address and the type of request you are making (e.g., right to     know, access, portability, correction, or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite 200,     San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may     also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor     child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information     if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and     confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer     request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the     request.
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our         Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes         set forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do         not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring         characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information,         and we do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for         the purpose of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we         collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the         following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying           you, verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health,           medical and other benefit plans, keeping track of your records,           contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to           and administering 401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law,           evaluating performance, tracking efficiency and productivity,           protecting against disclosure of confidential information and trade           secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws and company           policies.
Independent contractors
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying           you, administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting           you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance,           tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of           confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance           with applicable laws and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We           may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,           administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,           contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring           compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
.           We may also use your information if we believe it is required or           appropriate: (a) to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or           is at risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable           activity; (b) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and           that of you and others; (c) to protect our operations and the security           of our Services; (d) under applicable law; (e) to comply with legal           process and our legal obligations; (f) to respond to requests or           requirements from public, law and government authorities (including           national security and law enforcement requirements) and private           parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to allow us           to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your           personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law               .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the         following categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information           for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal         information to other companies for their cross-context behavioral         advertising purposes. “Sell” and “share” are defined under the         CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because         OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for         cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and         profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain         processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore           Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable         consumer request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name and email address and the type of request           you are making (e.g., right to know, access, portability, correction,           or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite           200, San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make         a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You         may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor         child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal         information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the         request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer         request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the         request.
Category
Examples of information collected
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online           identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name,           Social Security number (or local equivalent), driver’s license number,           passport number, visa information, or other similar identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer           Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or           description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s           license or state identification card number, insurance policy number,           education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit           card number, debit card number, or any other financial information,           medical information, or health insurance information.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal           law.
Age (40 years or older), race, national origin, medical condition,           disability, gender, sexual orientation, veteran or military status.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s           interaction with a website or application.
Geolocation data.
Physical location.
Audio and electronic data.
Recordings of virtual meetings, electronic communications, and           recordings from security cameras on office premises.
Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history, resume information, or performance           evaluations.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Sensitive personal information.
Social security number, driver’s license, passport number, company           account login, financial account information, precise geolocation,           race or ethnic origin, citizenship, immigration status, contents of           emails.
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our     Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set     forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring     characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information, and we     do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for the purpose     of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we     collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the     following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health, medical and     other benefit plans, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to and administering     401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law, evaluating performance,     tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of     confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with     applicable laws and company policies.
Independent contractors
: We     may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance, tracking     efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of confidential     information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws     and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We may     use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,     contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring     compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
. We may     also use your information if we believe it is required or appropriate: (a)     to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our Services; (d) under     applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal obligations;     (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and government     authorities (including national security and law enforcement requirements)     and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to     allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your     personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law         .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information for       Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal information     to other companies for their cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.     “Sell” and “share” are defined under the CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and     profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain     processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable     law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name     and email address and the type of request you are making (e.g., right to     know, access, portability, correction, or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite 200,     San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may     also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor     child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information     if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and     confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer     request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the     request.
Sub-policy 3
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 4
https://www.outbrain.com/legal/#privacy-policy:
Error
All Contracts
Amplify Terms
Engage Terms
Privacy Policy
Amplify Terms
Cookies
Amplify Terms
Engage Terms
Engage Terms
Impressum & Nutzungsbedingungen
Outbrain Terms of Use
Gambling Terms
Gambling Terms (United Kingdom Only)
LiveRamp Terms
Engage Data Sharing Agreement
Outbrain Gambling Chart
Security
Hotel Terms (Lanyon)
Amplify API Terms of Use
Data Processing Agreement
Data Processing Agreement
Data Processing Agreement
CCPA Glossary Terms
Header Bidding Terms (EU)
Header Bidding Terms (Inc.)
Outbrain Trusted Partners
Amplify Data Sharing Agreement
Purchase Order Terms
Vendor Code of Conduct
Header Bidding Terms (JP)
Marketing Data Sharing Addendum
Amplify Terms
SSP Data Sharing Agreement
Programmatic Access Terms (OPA)
Supply Side Platform Agreement
Supply Side Platform Agreement - EU
EU Programmatic Access Terms (OPA)
Keystone Agreement
Keystone Agreement - EU
Digital Services Act
New Terms
Newer Terms
OPA Data Sharing Agreement
Engage Terms
OB UK Engage Master Services Agreement
OB. Inc Engage Master Services Agreement
Supply Side Platform Terms
OB Code On Page Terms
OB Video Terms
OB Header Bidding Terms
Engage - Code On Page Terms
Engage - Supply Side Platform Terms
Engage - Header Bidding Terms
Engage - Video Terms
Engage - Outbrain UK -- MSA Terms
Engage - OB.Inc -- MSA Terms
Engage - Code on Page (JP)
Engage - MSA Terms (JP)
Engage - Header Bidding Terms (JP)
Engage - SSP Terms (JP)
Engage - Video Terms(JP)
Engage Terms
Amplify Terms
Terms of Use
Effective January 18th 2025
Download
Table of Contents
Effective Date: December 17, 2024
The Amplify Terms vary according to the country where your billing address is located. Please use your billing country below to view the applicable Amplify Terms.
My billing address is located in:
United States of America
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Ter
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Channel Islands
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos Island
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Ter
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Great Britain
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Hawaii
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea South
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malaysia
Malawi
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Midway Islands
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Nambia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherland Antilles
Netherlands (Holland, Europe)
Nevis
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau Island
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Montenegro
Republic of Serbia
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
St Barthelemy
St Eustatius
St Helena
St Kitts-Nevis
St Lucia
St Maarten
St Pierre & Miquelon
St Vincent & Grenadines
Saipan
Samoa
Samoa American
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks & Caicos Is
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (Brit)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wake Island
Wallis & Futana Is
Yemen
Zaire
Zambia
These terms were last revised and are current as of the effective date set forth above. Outbrain reserves the right to change these terms from time to time.
Amplify Terms and Conditions
These Amplify Terms and Conditions (“
Terms
”) are entered into by
Outbrain Inc.
(“
Outbrain
”) and the entity executing an Insertion Order or using the Outbrain dashboard (“
Customer
”). These Terms govern Customer’s use of the Service (as defined below), and together with an Insertion Order (or the information entered through the Outbrain dashboard (“
Dashboard
”)) comprise the "
Agreement
" between Outbrain and Customer. If there is any inconsistency between: (i) the terms of a signed Insertion Order or those entered through the Dashboard (either “
Campaign Details
”), and (ii) these Terms, the Campaign Details, as applicable, shall prevail.
1.          Services
1.1       Outbrain partners with a network of online properties (the “
Network
”) to display a user interface containing links that navigate to websites. Outbrain uses its proprietary algorithms, serving methodology, and advanced buying tools to deliver ads on behalf of clients to relevant audiences throughout the Network (the “
Service
”).
1.2       Outbrain shall display links to graphical, textual, video and/or auditory content selected by Customer on the Network. Such links, together with the headlines, images, and/or video that may accompany the links and the destination page reached from any such link are the “
Content
.” Outbrain shall continue to distribute the Content on the Network until the earlier of: (i) the end date of Customer’s campaign; (ii) reaching of Customer’s budget; or (iii) the disabling of a campaign (provided that Outbrain reserves the right to charge for additional Actions (as defined in Section 5.1) as the Content is removed from circulation – see
FAQs
for more details).
1.3       Outbrain does not guarantee: (i) the placement, positioning or the timing of delivery of any Content; (ii) clicks or impressions (including clicks from a particular audience segment); and/or (iii) conversions. If Fees (as defined in Section 5) do not reach Customer’s budget, Customer's sole remedies shall be to: (i) subject to Section 2 below, extend the end date of the applicable campaign, (ii) replace or add to the existing Content with other Content; or (iii) to pay only for accrued Fees. In no event shall Outbrain be liable for failure to deliver clicks, impressions and/or views  to Content.
1.4       Outbrain will make reports available to Customer regarding the campaign(s). The final monthly reports (which may differ from the daily reports) will provide the conclusive basis for Outbrain's calculation of Fees owed by Customer. Customer may submit its own Outbrain-compatible tracker. If there is a ten percent (10%) discrepancy or more between Customer's numbers and Outbrain's numbers, then the parties agree to work in good faith to identify the correct amount to be paid to Outbrain. If the discrepancy is less than ten percent (10%), Outbrain's numbers shall be conclusive.
2.          Content
2.1       Customer is solely responsible for the Content. Customer has the right to and authorizes Outbrain to place the Content on the Network. Customer is authorized to use and/or has approved all images and words of the Content’s headline (whether created or generated by Customer or on Customer’s behalf). Content headlines and images must accurately reflect the tone and subject matter of the Content. To the extent Outbrain (and/or integrated tools) provide recommendations as to the Content, headlines and/or campaign, Customer remains solely responsible.
2.2 Customer shall not, directly or indirectly, provide Content that: (i) is obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous, pornographic, violent, profane, indecent or unlawful; (ii) is factually inaccurate, misleading or deceptive; and/or (iii) facilitates or promotes any type of illegal activity, including without limitation pyramid schemes, gambling, the sale or use of illicit drugs, or discrimination or harassment of any individual or group. Further, Content may not (a) redirect to a destination other than as originally submitted to the Service, and/or (b) be substantively different from the Content originally submitted to Outbrain.
2.3  Content must comply with Outbrain's
Advertising Guidelines
, as may be updated from time to time by Outbrain. Outbrain may at any time (at its sole discretion) reject or remove Content.
2.4 Customer acknowledges and agrees that certain Content may change during the course of a campaign (e.g., due to revisions by the Content's author, comments from readers, or otherwise). Customer's recourse in the event of such change shall be to direct Outbrain to remove such Content from its then-current campaign and/or select other Content. Customer further acknowledges that, if there is an objection to the Content (whether from the Content author or publisher, or otherwise), Outbrain will act in accordance with Section 2 of its
Terms of Use
and may cease (at its sole discretion) including the Content in the Service or require Customer to make changes to the Content.
2.5       Both parties shall implement anti-malware scanning processes of the Content. Upon notice, both parties shall take immediate action to remove any suspicious Content from the Network.
3.          Term and Cancellation
The Campaign Details will set forth the start and end date of a particular campaign. However, the Agreement, or an individual campaign may be suspended or terminated: (i) by Customer for any reason upon two (2) business days' written notice to Outbrain or within twelve (12) hours through the Dashboard, or (ii) by Outbrain for any reason upon two (2) days’ written notice to Customer. During the notice period, all previously contracted campaigns shall continue to run pursuant to the Campaign Details and Customer shall be responsible for paying Outbrain for all Fees accrued up to and including the last day of such notice period. Outbrain also reserves the right at its sole discretion to immediately suspend or terminate all or part of Customer's use of the Service if Outbrain reasonably believes Customer is in breach of the terms of this Agreement.
4.          Campaign Details
If Customer utilizes Outbrain’s Dashboard, Customer will have access to certain online reports and control over its campaign(s). To the extent Customer registers and has access to the Dashboard, Outbrain may collect certain personal data of Customer. For further information on how we may collect and use our business partner's personally identifiable information, please see our Business Partner Privacy Policy. Outbrain collects and processes this personal data in order to respond to Customer questions or requests, provide Customer with access to certain services, verify Customer’s identity and communicate with Customer about the use of the Service. Customer is solely responsible for all changes requested or approved (either directly or via Outbrain's API), including those made through the Dashboard using its login. Customer is solely responsible for protecting its login and password to the Dashboard. Customer can manage campaigns using the Dashboard by modifying the Campaign Details, and/or Customer may have the option of working with an Outbrain account manager, as determined by Outbrain.
5.          Fees and Payment Terms
5.1       Ads displayed on the Network are paid for via one of following payment methods: (i) cost-per-click (“
CPC
”); (ii) cost-per thousand impressions (“
CPM
”); (iii) cost-per-completed view (“
CPCv
”) where completed view means fifty percent (50%) of the video Ad/Content is in view continuously from beginning to the end of video; (iv) cost-per thousand Viewable Impressions (“
vCPM
”); and/or (v) other desired actions agreed between the parties from time to time (each, an “
Action
”). A viewable impression is counted as viewable if fifty percent (50%) of the video ad is in view continuously for 2 seconds. Outbrain fees will be based on the number of Actions, plus the cost of the Service (the “
Fees
”), which will not exceed Customer’s pre-designated maximum budget. Customer shall pay Outbrain the Fees as measured by Outbrain's tracking system up to the maximum budget designated in the Campaign Details. Outbrain may charge any applicable national, state, or local sales or use taxes, value added taxes or country-specific fees that Outbrain is legally obligated to charge. If CPC is being used for campaign measurement, such CPC may not be less than Outbrain’s then-in-effect minimum CPC (which may vary by market). If Customer is utilizing Outbrain’s automatic bidding feature, Customer grants Outbrain the right to set and modify Customer’s CPC at Outbrain’s discretion to aid in achieving Customer’s targets for its campaign. Customer shall be solely responsible for any additional fees incurred for utilizing third party services on its campaign(s). For the avoidance of doubt, Outbrain will not cover, credit or reimburse any third party fees, including, but not limited to, use of any third-party tracker(s) on Customer’s campaign(s). Customer may increase or decrease its budget through the Dashboard or through a signed amendment to an Insertion Order.
5.2        If Customer has signed an Insertion Order, Fees will generally be invoiced by Outbrain to Customer by the end of the following calendar month unless otherwise set forth in an Insertion Order. Customer shall pay all invoices within thirty (30) days from receipt. Any portion of a charge not disputed (pursuant to Section 5.3) in good faith must be paid in full. If Customer has provided the Campaign Details through the Dashboard or has signed an Insertion Order and has used a credit card for billing purposes, Outbrain shall charge the Outbrain fees (including processing fees) to Customer’s credit card at such intervals as Outbrain determines in its sole discretion. The decision as to whether to allow Customer to choose between invoice and credit card, and/or require a prepayment prior to the start of a campaign) rests solely with Outbrain. Outbrain shall review all billing inquiries, including refund requests, on a case-by-case basis and reserves the right to approve or deny any request in its sole discretion.
5.3        If Customer disputes any amount on an invoice, Customer must provide written notice to Outbrain (email is sufficient) within thirty (30) days of receipt of any invoice or the right to dispute shall be deemed waived. Customer’s email must include the amount disputed and provide adequate information to support any such claim. Customer may not withhold payment for any undisputed amounts, and any portion of a charge not disputed in good faith must be paid in full.
5.4        If payment is not made when due and not properly disputed pursuant to Section 5.3, Outbrain may charge interest at the rate of six percent (6%) per annum from the due date until the date of actual payment, whether before or after judgment. Outbrain also reserves the right to suspend or terminate any or all of Customer's use of the Service until Customer has paid all amounts due. Outbrain reserves the right to charge Customer for all costs of collection, including collection agency and reasonable legal fees and court costs. Customer authorizes Outbrain to investigate Customer's credit record. If applicable, Customer agrees to provide such further financial information and documentation as may be required from time to time by Outbrain as a condition for the continued extension of credit. Customer acknowledges and agrees that any account, credit card and related billing and payment information which Customer provides to Outbrain may be shared by Outbrain with companies who work on Outbrain's behalf solely for the purpose of performing credit checks, effecting payment to Outbrain, collecting debts owed to Outbrain and/or servicing Customer's account. Outbrain may, in its sole discretion, extend, revise or revoke credit at any time. In addition, Outbrain reserves the right to require immediate payment of any outstanding balance that exceeds Customer’s credit limit and/or past the payment terms defined in this Agreement.
6.          Additional Features and Terms
6.1       Outbrain may also make additional Service features available to Customer from time to time and use of such features may be subject to Customer’s agreement to certain additional terms and conditions (“
Additional Terms
”) (e.g., via an online click-through agreement or via the Dashboard). Such features will be provided at Outbrain’s discretion to Customer and may include fees in addition to those described in Section 5.1. Customer’s acceptance of the Additional Terms will constitute a binding and enforceable agreement as between Outbrain and Customer. In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms, the Additional Terms, and the Campaign Details, the order of precedence is: (i) Additional Terms, (ii) Campaign Details, and (iii) these Terms. Customers who choose to utilize LiveRamp services (via the Outbrain Dashboard or otherwise) for purposes of their Outbrain campaign(s) are subject to
LiveRamp Terms.
6.2       Subject to Customer’s compliance with Section 9 below, Customer may place on Customer’s website, application pages or landing pages: (i) Outbrain pixel(s) (the “
Outbrain Pixel
”); and/or (ii) third party pixels or tags (“the “
Third Party Pixels
”) for the purpose of providing analytics related to Customer’s campaign and/or enhanced targeting functionality (the Outbrain Pixel and Third Party Pixels together are the “
Pixels
”). Customer represents and warrants that: (a) its use of the Pixels are in accordance with Data Protection Laws; and (b) it has provided appropriate notice to users regarding use of the Pixels, including an explanation: (x) that third parties, including Outbrain, may use cookies or similar technologies to collect or receive information from Customer’s website(s), and may use that information to provide measurement services and target ads; (y) as to how users opt-out of the collection of information for targeting purposes; and (z) it will not use the Pixels on websites or application pages that target minors and/or contain sensitive categories of data (e.g., physical or mental health conditions). Customer shall not use the Pixels unless and until it has complied with the provisions of this Section 6.2. Further, if an end-user has opted out of behavioral advertising via Customer’s site(s) (or a mechanism such as settings within an advertiser application), Customer shall be fully responsible for not loading the Outbrain Pixel. Outbrain may update, change, or substitute the Outbrain Pixel functionality at any time in its reasonable discretion provided that it does not disrupt the functioning of Customer’s landing page and serves the same purpose.
6.3       If Customer utilizes third party segments for enhanced targeting of its campaign(s) (“
3rd Party Targeting
”), Customer shall pay for its use of 3rd Party Targeting (“
3rd Party Data Costs
”) including any applicable taxes. Customer’s invoice for each campaign shall include both the Fees, and the 3rd Party Data Costs (if applicable). Customer agrees that 3rd Party Data costs will be based on Outbrain’s reporting metrics. If Customer utilizes 3rd Party Targeting, Customer shall: (x) disclose this to users via an appropriate notice and/or in its privacy policy (as applicable); and (y) represent and warrant that its use of 3rd Party Targeting shall, at all times, be compliant with Data Protection Laws and satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for processing. Customer shall not, at any time, use 3rd Party Targeting: (i) for discriminatory purposes; (ii) to target minors under the age of sixteen (16); (iii) based on Special Categories of Personal Data; (iv) based on Personal Data relating to alleged or confirmed criminal convictions or offenses; and/or (v) otherwise in violation of any applicable law in any country where the campaign is performed.
7.         Confidentiality
7.1       Each party agrees that with respect to any Confidential Information (as defined below) that is disclosed by one party to the other in connection with the Agreement, the party receiving such Confidential Information shall not disclose such Confidential Information to any third party, or use it for any purpose, except in connection with its rights and obligations under the Agreement. "
Confidential Information
" means all information concerning a party or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates that is not generally known to the public, which information is marked confidential or proprietary, or which under the circumstances ought reasonably to be treated as confidential or proprietary, and includes, without limitation, the terms of the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include information that: (i) is, as of the time of disclosure, or thereafter becomes, part of the public domain through a source other than the receiving party; (ii) was lawfully in the possession of the receiving party as of the time of disclosure; (iii) is independently developed by the receiving party without reference to the Confidential Information; or (iv) is subsequently obtained from a third party not subject to an obligation of confidentiality with respect to the information disclosed.
7.2       Confidential Information shall be kept in the strictest confidence and shall be protected by all reasonable and necessary security measures. Confidential Information shall not be released by the receiving party to anyone except an employee or agent, who has a need to know the same, and who is bound by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as these contained herein. Neither party will use any portion of Confidential Information provided by the other party pursuant to the Agreement for any purpose other than as expressly set forth under the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may disclose Confidential Information strictly necessary to comply with the demands of any court order, law or governmental agency and Outbrain may share Confidential Information of Customer with any holding company of Customer or with any subsidiary company of Customer’s holding company.
7.3       If Customer is acting on behalf of a Content provider, Customer authorizes Outbrain to grant such Content provider (or any subsequent third party appointed by the Content provider) access to and a right to use the Campaign Details.
8.          Representations and Warranties
8.1       Each party represents and warrants to the other party that: (i) it has all necessary rights and authority to enter into the Agreement and grant the rights and licenses under the Agreement; (ii) it shall comply with Applicable Laws; and (iii) the execution or acceptance of the Agreement (which includes the Campaign Details), and the performance of its respective obligations and duties pursuant to the Agreement, do not and will not violate any agreement to which such party is bound. “
Applicable Laws
” means any applicable federal, national, state or foreign laws or regulations or any industry self-regulatory rules or guidelines (including the Interactive Advertising Bureau Guidelines, Standards & Best Practices, the NAI Code of Conduct, the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. Any Applicable Laws related to the privacy of personal data are referred to as “
D
ata Protection Laws
.”
8.2       Customer represents and warrants that: (i) the Content (which for the avoidance of doubt, includes the headline, images, videos, and landing pages) does not violate any Applicable Laws and will not contain any material which may be harmful, abusive, obscene, threatening or defamatory; (ii) it has all necessary rights, licenses, and clearances to grant the rights granted herein, including for Outbrain to use, host, cache, route, store, copy, modify, distribute, reformat, reproduce, publish, display, transmit and distribute the Content; (iii) the Content will not infringe any intellectual property rights of any third party; (iv) it will not provide Content that is targeted to children under the age of sixteen (16); (v) Content complies with Outbrain's
Advertising Guidelines
, as may be updated from time to time by Outbrain; (vi) Content shall not (a) redirect to a destination other than as originally submitted to the Service, and/or (b) be substantively different from the Content originally submitted to the Service; (vii) it will not use the Service in a manner that provides an unintended advantage or interferes with the integrity and/or overall performance of the Service; (viii) if using the Dashboard, Customer will adhere to any rules of such use as solely determined by Outbrain (e.g., not using source bidding to whitelist any particular Network source); (ix) it is not subject to, nor owned or controlled by any person that is subject to, sanctions or export control restrictions imposed pursuant to U.S. law or the laws of any other jurisdiction applicable to the performance of the agreement nor will it  not take any action that could result in economic sanctions or other trade control restrictions or penalties being imposed on Outbrain; and (x) all business and payment information provided to Outbrain is true, correct, and accurate.
8.3       If Customer is an agency (or other third party acting on behalf of the provider of the Content), Customer represents and warrants that: (i) it is the authorized agent of the provider of the Content; (ii) it has the legal authority to enter into the Agreement and make all decisions and take all actions relating to the provider of the Content; and (iii) it has entered into a written agreement granting the agent the authority to represent the provider of the Content in accordance with (i) and (ii) above (and shall submit such agreement to Outbrain on demand). Customer further agrees that it is not acting on behalf of a French company or a foreign company whose advertising content mainly targets French territory exclusively through the Dashboard. If Customer is acting on behalf of a French content provider whose advertising mainly targets the French territory, please contact info@outbrain.com for more information on how to purchase Outbrain Services.
8.4       EXCEPT AS MAY BE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE AGREEMENT, OUTBRAIN MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED -- INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE -- ABOUT ITS SERVICES AND THE PERFORMANCE OR SUCCESS OF ANY CAMPAIGNS MADE BY IT ON BEHALF OF CUSTOMER, OR THAT THE SERVICE WILL OPERATE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE OR ERROR FREE.
9.          Data Protection
The provisions of the
Data Sharing Agreement
shall be incorporated into, and form part of, this Agreement.
10.        Indemnification
10.1     Each party shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other party and its respective agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, contractors, and Network partners (as applicable) against any and all third party claims resulting from the breach of such party's representations and warranties under this Agreement.
10.2     In connection with any such claim: (i) the indemnified party shall provide prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any such claim (provided that the failure to provide such prompt notice shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its indemnification obligations in the Agreement, except to the extent it has been damaged thereby); (ii) the indemnifying party shall have sole control of the defense or settlement of the claim (provided that the indemnifying party may not enter into any settlement that may adversely affect the rights or obligations of the indemnified party without the indemnified party's prior written consent); (iii) at the indemnifying party's request and expense, the indemnified party cooperating in the investigation and defense of such claim; and (iv) the indemnified party shall have the right to participate in its defense with counsel of its own choosing at the indemnified party's expense.
11.        Limitation of Liability
EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS ARISING FROM A PARTY'S INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, A BREACH OF THE CONFIDENTIALITY AND/OR NON-PAYMENT OF FEES OWED IN THE AGREEMENT, THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY AND ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, VENDORS, NETWORK PARTNERS OR AGENTS FOR ANY ACTION REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WHETHER IN TORT OR CONTRACT, ARISING UNDER OR RELATED IN ANY WAY TO THE AGREEMENT OR ITS IMPLEMENTATION SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF: (I) THE AMOUNT OF FEES PAYABLE BY CUSTOMER UNDER THE AGREEMENT IN THE 12 MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO A CLAIM; AND (II) $50,000. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES OR OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST DATA, LOST REVENUES OR LOST PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED IN ANY WAY TO THE AGREEMENT OR ITS IMPLEMENTATION, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
12.        Miscellaneous
12.1     Neither Party may assign the Agreement, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however that either party may assign its rights or delegate its duties under the Agreement, in whole or in part, without the other's consent, in connection with a merger, reorganization or sale of all, or substantially all, of the assignor's assets, provided that the successor entity shall have sufficient resources to fully perform the Agreement and shall assume the obligation to fully perform the Agreement.
12.2     The Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts entered into and wholly to be performed therein, without regard to that body of law relating to conflict of laws. Each party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consents to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and of the United States of America, in each case located in the County of New York, for any claim arising out of or relating to the Agreement (and agrees not to commence any claim relating thereto except in such courts). The prevailing party in any action arising out of or to enforce the Agreement shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorney's fees and costs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of Customer’s default of its obligations in Section 5 above, Outbrain shall have the right, if it so chooses, to commence an action against Customer for such default in the appropriate court in the venue and jurisdiction in which Customer resides or maintains assets.
12.3     No press releases or general public announcements shall be made without the mutual written consent of Customer and Outbrain. Outbrain shall have the right to include Customer’s name including, but not limited to, in Outbrain’s client list and in other marketing materials. Customer shall not use Outbrain’s name, logo or trademark without Outbrain’s prior written consent.
12.4     All notices under the Agreement will be in writing via email to the address of the receiving party set forth on the Insertion Order or Dashboard, or at such different address as may be designated by such party by written notice to the other party from time to time. Notice will be effective on receipt.
12.5     No failure of either party to enforce any of its rights under the Agreement will act as a waiver of such rights. If one (1) or more provisions of the Agreement are held to be unenforceable under Applicable Laws, then such provision(s) shall be excluded from the Agreement, and the balance of the Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.
12.6     Neither party shall be liable for any delay or failure to perform any of its obligations set forth in the Agreement due to causes beyond its reasonable control. Neither party shall be liable for any unavailability or inoperability of the Internet, technical malfunction, or computer error or corruption resulting in loss of data or other harm. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer shall not be relieved from any of its obligations as to Fees due hereunder.
12.7     Sections
7, 8, 9, 10, 11
and
12,
together with any outstanding undisputed payment obligation, shall survive the termination of the Agreement.
12.8     Customer and Outbrain shall each act as independent contractors. Nothing in the Agreement shall be deemed or construed as creating a joint venture or partnership between the parties.
12.9     The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and may not be modified without the prior written consent of both parties. In no event shall any inconsistent or conflicting terms and conditions contained in any purchase order, insertion order, invoice or other document submitted by Customer concerning the subject matter hereof have any force or effect even if accepted or signed by Outbrain.
Engage Master Services Agreement
Engage Code on Page Terms
Engage Header Bidding Terms
Engage Video Terms
Supply Side Platform Terms
Engage Data Sharing Agreement
SSP Data Sharing Agreement
Engage Terms
Effective December 17th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Standard Partner Distribution Terms
Effective 1 March 2024
The Engage Terms vary according to the country where your billing address is located. Please use your billing country below to view the applicable Engage Terms.
My billing address is located in:
United States of America
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Ter
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Channel Islands
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos Island
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Ter
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Great Britain
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Hawaii
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea South
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malaysia
Malawi
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Midway Islands
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Nambia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherland Antilles
Netherlands (Holland, Europe)
Nevis
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau Island
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Montenegro
Republic of Serbia
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
St Barthelemy
St Eustatius
St Helena
St Kitts-Nevis
St Lucia
St Maarten
St Pierre & Miquelon
St Vincent & Grenadines
Saipan
Samoa
Samoa American
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks & Caicos Is
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (Brit)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wake Island
Wallis & Futana Is
Yemen
Zaire
Zambia
The following Standard Partner Distribution Terms (“Terms”) govern the implementation and use of the products, services, and technology made available by Outbrain to the Partner identified in the Partner Enrollment Form.
1. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS.
1.1  “Ads.txt” means an authorized digital sellers text file. All references to Ads.txt include App-ads.txt.
1.2 "Advertiser Recs" means Recommendations (that are not Recirculation Recs) in the Outbrain network submitted by Outbrain’s advertisers.
1.3 “Application” means a self-contained software program designed to run on a mobile device including a phone or tablet.
1.4 "Content" means graphical, textual, and/or auditory content (which may include text, data, information, photos, images, graphics, audio, video or other content).
1.5 “Cards” means the formats available through the Technology where Recommendations appear.
1.6 "Data" means all data collected or generated by Outbrain through the Technology, including any reports or other data made available to Partner in connection with the Agreement.
1.7 "Destination Page" means any webpage or other online location (which may be located on a Partner Site(s) or another website or Application) that may be accessed by clicking on Recommendations.
1.8 "End Users" means individual human viewers of a web page, Application and/or platform of the Partner Sites on which the Technology is implemented.
1.9 “Intellectual Property Rights” includes any invention, discovery, concept, expression or work, whether or not patented or patentable, registered or not, including, without limitation, discoveries, compositions, know-how, procedures, technical information, processes, methods, formulas, algorithms, protocols, techniques, designs and drawings, trade dresses, any physical embodiment thereof, and any patents, copyrights, trademarks, industrial designs and utility models, (and applications or extensions therefore), domains and trade secrets or similar rights to aforementioned rights recognised in any jurisdiction now or in the future.
1.10 "Partner Sites" means the web properties, Applications or platforms identified in the Partner Enrollment Form, together with any additional properties on which Partner elects to implement the Technology upon prior written approval from Outbrain (e-mail will suffice).
1.11 "Recirculation Recs" means Recommendations (that are not Advertiser Recs) which link to Content on Partner Sites.
1.12 "Recommendations" means the display of Advertiser Recs and/or Recirculation Recs via Cards that Outbrain delivers to the viewer of a web page, Application or platform on which the Technology is implemented.
1.13 "Revenue" means net revenue generated from Advertiser Recs and charged by Outbrain for the display of such Advertiser Recs in the Outbrain network.
1.14 "Technology" means Outbrain’s Javascript, API, SDK and associated protocols that, when implemented on websites and Applications, displays the user interface managed by Outbrain’s proprietary optimization technology for serving, selecting and ordering Cards.
1.15 “Updates” means updates, modifications, or improvements to the Technology from time to time in Outbrain’s sole discretion, including, but not limited to, adding Ads.txt lines and any other similar industry standards.
1.16 "OB Generated Links” means an End User page view on a Partner Site generated from a referral link of OBNews.outbrain.com (or successor link or an additional link(s) which may be provided by Outbrain from time to time).
2. TECHNOLOGY; PLACEMENT AND APPEARANCE.
2.1 Partner shall implement the Technology (including Outbrain’s provided Ads.txt) pursuant to Outbrain’s technical instructions and any implementation guides made available by Outbrain, as revised from time to time. Outbrain, in its sole discretion, may determine which of Outbrain’s available Technology (e.g., JS, API, SDK or any other equivalent) shall be used in each Partner implementation. Implementations of the Technology must appear directly below the main Content on each page of the Partner Sites on which the Technology is installed or as otherwise mutually agreed in writing (e-mail shall suffice). Implementation must include at least one (1) link to Advertiser Recs per page unless otherwise agreed in writing.
2.2 Partner shall display the Technology throughout the Term in accordance with all self-regulatory codes and applicable laws and regulations, including with respect to disclosing the source or nature of the Recommendations. Without limiting the foregoing obligation, Partner agrees to comply with Outbrain’s reasonable instructions regarding how the Technology is to be displayed, labelled or identified.
2.3 Outbrain may make Updates from time to time. If Outbrain requests Partner to implement any such Updates, Partner shall make such Updates within thirty (30) calendar days of receipt of notice from Outbrain. If Partner can demonstrate such Updates would materially and adversely affect the performance of the Partner Sites, Outbrain may either address Partner’s concerns to its reasonable satisfaction or agree not to require Partner to implement such Updates.
2.4 During the Term, Outbrain shall be Partner's sole and exclusive provider of direct and indirect content recommendations, where “content recommendations” are one or more paid or unpaid links comprised of a headline or phrase indicating that an End User will be driven to Content (regardless of whether the Destination Page displays content, advertorials or advertisements).
2.5 Outbrain may drive End Users to Partner Sites generating additional Partner Site page views via OB Generated Links or Recirculation Recs. If an End User clicks on an Advertiser Rec from an OB Generated Link, Partner shall not be compensated for any advertising revenue generated by such page views. Any display of Recirculation Recs will require Outbrain’s prior written approval (email will suffice), which may be conditioned on a minimum Advertiser Rec implementation or other fees.
2.6 Outbrain may test changes to the Technology, including to Card ordering, format and frequency. To the extent that Partner controls any testing, Partner shall comply with such testing requests on at least a quarterly basis.
3. REVENUE & PAYMENT.
3.1 During the Term, Partner will be paid as set forth on the Partner Enrollment Form. For the avoidance of doubt, Revenue is net of, inter alia, advertiser fees, third-party data services integrated into Outbrain’s platform, invalid clicks/impressions, and advertiser and agency discounts/rebates.
3.2 Partner must promptly provide Outbrain completed and accurate tax forms and all other similar materials Outbrain requires, which may include tax form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or W-9 if applicable (collectively all such forms and materials, “Tax Materials”). Notwithstanding anything set forth to the contrary in this Agreement, Outbrain may (a) withhold payments owed to Partner hereunder without penalty or late fee until Outbrain has received Partner’s Tax Materials, and (b) deduct any applicable taxes payable by Outbrain from payments owed to Partner hereunder as required by law. Once Outbrain has received the Tax Materials, Outbrain will use commercially reasonable efforts to pay any amounts not paid to Partner pursuant to the foregoing subsection (a) as soon as reasonably practicable.
3.3 To ensure proper payment, Partner is responsible for notifying Outbrain in writing of accurate contact and payment information. Partner is also responsible for any charges assessed by Partner’s bank or payment provider. If the amount owed to Partner is less than US$50, then the amount owed will be accrued if and until the calendar month in which the balance of the payments due to Partner exceeds US$50. Any dispute regarding a payment from Outbrain must be submitted to Outbrain in writing within thirty (30) calendar days of postage or wire transfer date of such payment or it shall be deemed waived.
3.4 In addition to Outbrain’s other rights and remedies, Outbrain may (i) withhold and offset any payments owed to Partner under the Agreement (including in case of a material breach) against any fees Partner owes Outbrain under the Agreement or any other agreement), and/or (ii) require Partner to refund Outbrain within thirty (30) calendar days of any invoice, any amounts Outbrain may have overpaid to Partner in prior periods. If an Outbrain advertiser or client whose Advertiser Recs were displayed on any Partner Sites defaults on payment to Outbrain, for any reason, Outbrain may withhold payment or charge back Partner’s account.
4.  PRIVACY.
The provisions of the
Engage Data Sharing Agreement
shall be fully incorporated into, and form part of, this Agreement.
5. LICENSE TERMS.
5.1 During the Term and subject to Partner’s compliance with all of the terms of the Agreement, Outbrain grants Partner a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-sublicensable, non- transferable licence to use the Technology to display the Advertiser Recs, and to the extent permitted by Section 2.5 Recirculation Recs, on Partner Sites in the form and format provided.
5.2 Outbrain grants Partner, during the Term, a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use and display Outbrain’s trademarks, service marks and logos (collectively, “Outbrain Marks”), as incorporated into the Technology, strictly in accordance with Partner’s obligations and rights in the Agreement. All goodwill arising out of Partner’s use of any of the Outbrain Marks shall inure solely to the benefit of Outbrain. Outbrain shall have the right to refer to Partner and the Partner Sites in any general listing of advertisers or partners (including in marketing and sales materials) who have implemented the Technology. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party will request prior written consent before issuing a press release regarding the Agreement or using the other party’s name on its website other than in accordance with the Agreement.
5.3 As between the parties: (a) Outbrain retains all right, title and interest in and to the Outbrain Marks, Technology and Data (excluding any Content from the Partner Sites which shall be owned by Partner), the Outbrain site at
www.outbrain.com
and the Dashboard; and (b) Partner retains all right, title and interest in and to the Partner Sites including the look and feel excluding the items described in subparagraph (a) above.
5.4 The licences granted under the Agreement are specifically set forth in the Agreement; there are no implied rights. All rights not expressly granted to Partner in the Agreement are reserved by Outbrain.
6. PROHIBITED ACTIVITY.
6.1 Partner will not: (i) edit, modify, truncate, filter, or change the order of Recommendations; (ii) obscure, modify or redirect End Users away from a Destination Page, or intersperse any Content between the Recommendations and any Destination Page; (iii) minimize, remove or otherwise inhibit the full and complete display of the Technology; (iv) artificially inflate clicks or impressions on Recommendations, or encourage or require any person to click on Recommendations using incentives or other methods and/or engage in any automated, deceptive, fraudulent, invalid, incentivized, or other methods that are designed to generate clicks which are not the willing actions of End Users; (v) remove, deface, obscure, or alter any notices of Intellectual Property Rights included in the Technology; (vi) access, reproduce or use the Technology in any manner or for any purpose other than as expressly permitted under the Agreement; (vii) modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble the Technology or otherwise attempt to derive source code from the Technology, or attempt to create a substitute or similar service or product through use of or access to Technology or related proprietary information or otherwise use the Technology on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party; (viii) attempt to interfere with or disrupt the Technology or attempt to gain access to any systems or networks that connect to it other than through the Technology as implemented pursuant to the Agreement; (ix) copy, cache, distribute, display, alter, or otherwise use any Recommendations (or authorize or assist any third party to do so) except as such Recommendations are provided through the Technology; or (x) use the Technology for any purpose not authorized by Outbrain, including for any purpose that is inconsistent with the implementation guidelines as provided to Partner.
6.2 Partner will not deploy the Technology on any properties that display or contain adult, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, libelous, infringing, abusive, fake or deceptive or illegal Content, that promotes hate or discrimination, facilitates the sale of firearms or illegal drugs, or that participates or encourages participation in, illegal activities or is directed at children under of the age of 16. Outbrain reserves the right in its sole discretion to disable the Technology on any property at any time.
7.     REGISTRATION.
Partner may register for the Outbrain dashboard (the “Dashboard”) to access online reports and control certain settings for the Technology. To the extent that Partner has access to the Dashboard, Outbrain may collect Partner’s (or individuals who act on behalf of Partner) personally identifiable information associated with such Dashboard access. For further information on how we may collect and use our business partner's personally identifiable information, please see our Business Partner Privacy Policy. Partner will be solely responsible for all changes to data made by it, or individuals acting on Partner’s behalf, through the Dashboard. Estimates of Revenue paid or payable Partner displayed in the Dashboard are provided solely for the Partner’s convenience. Outbrain does not guarantee that these estimated amounts displayed, if any, shall be precise or definitively due to be paid to Partner pursuant to the Agreement. Access to Outbrain dashboard shall be solely at the discretion of Outbrain and may be discontinued by Outbrain at any time.
8. SUSPENSION OF TECHNOLOGY; TERMINATION.
8.1 Outbrain may suspend or discontinue all or any aspect of the Technology, including its availability, at any time if required by exigent circumstances (such as a significant security breach, propagation of malware, other viruses to users, etc.) or other improper, unlawful, fraudulent or misleading circumstances.
8.2 Either party may terminate the Agreement at any time in the event of a material breach by the other party of any provision of the Agreement that remains uncured for fourteen (14) days after the breaching party’s receipt of written notice of the breach.
8.3 The Agreement is terminable on fourteen (14) days prior written notice unless otherwise stated on the Partner Enrollment Form. In addition, Outbrain may terminate the Agreement if the Technology is not implemented within thirty (30) days of Outbrain providing the Technology to Partner. Upon expiration or termination of the Agreement, all rights and obligations of the parties under the Agreement will be extinguished, except that Sections 9.6, 9.7, 10, 11 and 13 of the Terms will survive termination, as well as any other terms of this Agreement which, by their nature should survive termination, and continue to bind the parties.
9.  LIMITED WARRANTIES; INDEMNITY.
9.1 Each party represents and warrants to the other that: (i) it has all right, power, and authority necessary to enter into the Agreement and perform its obligations under it; and (ii) it will comply with all applicable laws, regulations and orders in its performance of the Agreement.
9.2 Outbrain warrants that the Technology (as provided and made available by Outbrain and implemented by Partner in accordance with the Agreement) does not and will not, to the best of Outbrain's knowledge, infringe any Intellectual Property Right of any third party.
9.3 Partner represents and warrants that the Partner Sites: (i) owns or has the right to operate the Partner Site(s); (ii) will adhere to the
Outbrain Partner Guidelines
and/or to the Partner’s own guidelines which shall be substantially similar to Outbrains’; (iii) do not and will not contain any Content that is illegal or that infringes any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; (iv) will not contain any obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous material or material that violates any person’s right of publicity, privacy or personality; and (v) do not and will not knowingly contain a misrepresentation of fact or factual inaccuracy.
9.4 Nothing in the Agreement shall be construed as a promise of any sort of minimum traffic volumes, clicks, impressions or usage or any other such commitments by Outbrain to Partner.
9.5 Except as expressly provided in the Agreement, neither party makes any representations or warranties, express or implied in relation to the Agreement, the Partner Sites, the Technology, any Content made available by Outbrain through the Technology or any other matters (including any implied terms relating to satisfactory quality or fitness for any purpose, any warranties of availability or uninterrupted or error free performance, any warranties arising out of any course of performance or dealing).
9.6 Outbrain makes no representations or warranties concerning any Content contained in or accessed via the Technology, including without limitation Advertiser Recs, and Outbrain will not be responsible or liable for the contents, accuracy, intellectual property infringement, legality or decency of Content provided through the Technology or for Partner’s reliance on any of the foregoing.
9.7 Each party (the “Indemnifying Party”) shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other party and its parent and affiliates, and each of its and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, members, authorized representatives, employees and agents (collectively, the “Indemnified Party”) from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, settlements, regulatory findings and/or fines and other expenses (including reasonable legal fees) (collectively, “Claims”) that arise out of any third party claim occasioned by any breach of any of the Indemnifying Party’s representations and warranties in this Agreement. The Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Indemnifying Party of any Claim in writing, provided, however, that any delay in providing such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of any of its obligations except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is prejudiced by such delay. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the defense and settlement of the Claim with counsel of its own choosing and its own expense, subject to the Indemnifying Party’s control thereof.
10. CONFIDENTIALITY.
Each party (the “Receiving Party”) acknowledges that it will have access to certain information and materials, including the terms of the Agreement, concerning the business, technology, products and services of the other party (the “Disclosing Party”) that are, or reasonably should be considered given the circumstances of disclosure to be, confidential (“Confidential Information”). Confidential Information will not include: (a) information known to the Receiving Party prior to disclosure by the Disclosing Party; (b) information independently developed by the Receiving Party without reference to Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party; (c) information that is or becomes publicly known through no fault of the Receiving Party; or (d) information disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third party without breach of any obligation of confidence. Except as permitted hereunder, the Receiving Party (i) will not use any Confidential Information for its own benefit or the benefit of any third party, and (ii) will not disclose any Confidential Information to any third party other than its directors, employees, contractors, advisors, investors or potential investors who have a need to know and who have agreed not to use, and to maintain the confidentiality of, the Confidential Information consistent with this Section 10. The Receiving Party will return or destroy the Confidential Information promptly upon the Disclosing Party’s written request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent required by applicable law or legal process, provided that the Receiving Party provides prompt written notice of any required disclosure to the Disclosing Party and provides reasonable cooperation (at the Disclosing Party’s expense) with any effort by the Disclosing Party to contest or limit the scope of such disclosure.
11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
11.1 Neither Outbrain nor the Partner exclude or limit liability to the other for: (i) death or personal injury caused by its negligence or that of its employees or contractors; (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (iii) any other liability which cannot lawfully be excluded or limited.
11.2 SUBJECT ALWAYS TO SECTION 11.1, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF (INCLUDING FOR LOSS OF DATA OR COST OF COVER), WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE.
11.3 SUBJECT ALWAYS TO SECTION 11.1 AND EXCEPT FOR LIABILITIES ARISING OUT OF A PARTY’S VIOLATION, MISAPPROPRIATION OR INFRINGEMENT OF A PARTY’S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS,IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF (WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS ($100,000) OR THE AMOUNT OF REVENUE PAID OR PAYABLE TO THE PARTNER IN THE 12-MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY (OR, IN THE CASE OF A SERIES OF CONNECTED EVENTS, THE FIRST SUCH EVENT).
12. EXPORT CONTROLS.
Partner will comply with all export laws and restrictions and regulations of the Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), or other United States or foreign agency or authority, and shall not export, or allow the export or re-export of the Technology in violation of any such restrictions, laws or regulations. By downloading or using the Technology, Partner agrees to the foregoing and represent and warrants that it is not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any restricted country. Partner represents and warrants that none of it, or any individual, entity, or organization holding any ownership interest or controlling interest in Partner, including any officer or director, is an individual, entity, organization with whom any United States law, regulation, or executive order prohibits U.S. companies and individuals from dealing, including, names appearing on the Specially Designated Nationals List.
13.  MISCELLANEOUS.
The Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of law provisions or the United Nations Conventions for the International Sale of Goods. Any action or proceeding arising from or relating to the Agreement must be brought in a federal court in the Southern District of New York or in state court in New York County, New York, and each party irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction and venue of any such court in any such action or proceeding. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any of the provisions of the Agreement is not performed in accordance with these specific terms. Accordingly, the parties agree that each shall be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of the Agreement, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. The parties are independent contractors, and nothing in the Agreement will be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, agency or other relationship between the parties. No failure or forbearance by a party to enforce any of its rights under the Agreement or insist upon performance of the other party’s obligations under the Agreement will be deemed a waiver of such rights or obligations to any extent, and no waiver by either party of any default or breach of the Agreement will constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent default or breach. Neither party will be liable for any failure to perform due to causes beyond the party's reasonable control. The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning its subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings, written or verbal, concerning such subject matter. The Partner Enrollment Form may be amended, modified or superseded, only by a written instrument signed by both parties. The headings in the Agreement are for the convenience of reference only and have no legal effect. Any reference to days in the Agreement shall be deemed business days unless otherwise specified. The Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. If any provision of the Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, failing which, it shall be severed from the Agreement and the balance of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. Neither party may assign the Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the other party’s prior written consent, except (i) due to operation of law, merger, reorganization, or as a result of an acquisition or change of control, and (ii) by Outbrain to its subsidiaries. Subject to the foregoing, the Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors and assigns.
Effective February 16th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Please note that Outbrain Privacy Policy has moved here:
https://www.outbrain.com/privacy/
Effective February 16th 2022
Download
Datenschutzbestimmungen
Outbrain ist dem Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten verpflichtet. Diese Datenschutzbestimmungen („
Datenschutzbestimmungen
“) gelten für die Verwendung der von uns erfassten Daten, einschließlich aller personenbezogenen Daten, durch Outbrain. Personenbezogene Daten sind Informationen, die sich auf Sie beziehen und Sie persönlich identifizieren können. Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten entsprechend den geltenden Gesetzen. Im Sinne der Compliance und der Übereinstimmung mit Outbrains Werten rund um Vertrauen und Transparenz verfügt Outbrain über ein Team von Datenschutz-Champions, die für die kontinuierliche Umsetzung unseres weltweit gültigen Maßnahmenkatalogs zum Datenschutz verantwortlich sind.
.
+ ALLE ERWEITERN
– ALLES ZUKLAPPEN
1.
Wer wir sind, Was wir tun, Wie Sie Outbrain kontaktieren können, unser Datenschutzbeauftragter oder die zuständigen Behörden
+
Wer wir sind:
Diese Datenschutzbestimmungen gelten für Outbrain Inc., ein Unternehmen nach dem Recht von Delaware, USA, mit Hauptsitz in New York, und dessen verbundene Tochterunternehmen (zusammen bezeichnet als:
„Outbrain“
oder
„wir“
,
„uns“
,
„unser“
). Wir haben Niederlassungen in mehreren Ländern weltweit und arbeiten mit Publishern und Vermarktern auf der ganzen Welt zusammen.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass Outbrains Tochterunternehmen Zemanta Inc über eigene Datenschutzbestimmungen verfügt; diese können Sie
hier
einsehen.
Was wir tun:
Outbrains Mission ist es, relevante Empfehlungen anhand Ihrer Interessen für Sie bereitzustellen. Zu diesem Zweck schließen wir Vereinbarungen mit:
Online-Publishern und Partnern, die ihren Lesern relevanten Content empfehlen wollen (dabei handelt es sich um Outbrain Engage);
Werbetreibenden, die erreichen wollen, dass Leser ihren Content ansehen (hierbei handelt es sich um
Outbrain Amplify
); und
externen Partnern, die uns bei der Bereitstellung relevanter Empfehlungen helfen.
Weitere Informationen zu unseren Amplify-Diensten (für Werbetreibende) finden Sie
hier
und zu unseren Engage-Diensten (für Publisher)
hier
.
Wie Sie Kontakt mit uns aufnehmen:
Unsere Compliance bezüglich dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen überprüfen wir regelmäßig. Wir freuen uns über Ihre Fragen, Anmerkungen und Anfragen zu diesen Datenschutzbestimmungen. Richten Sie diese bitte in erster Instanz an
privacy@outbrain.com
oder auf postalischem Weg an
Outbrain Inc., 222 Broadway 19th Floor, New York, NY 10038, Attn:
Privacy Questions.
Sollte Outbrain Ihre Fragen oder Anliegen nicht zu Ihrer Zufriedenheit beantworten, können Sie sich auch an folgende Ansprechpartner wenden, um Rat oder Unterstützung zu erhalten bzw. Beschwerden vorzubringen:
Outbrains externer Datenschutzbeauftragter („DSB“): ePrivacy GmbH, vertreten durch Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer. Sie erreichen die ePrivacy GmbH direkt über dpo@outbrain.com; und/oder
den
Information Commissioner’s Officer
, die für Outbrain zuständige federführende Aufsichtsbehörde in den europäischen Gebieten.
2.
Kooperationen und Einhaltung
+
Wir befolgen die im Rahmen der Selbstverpflichtung formulierten Grundsätze der
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA) und der
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA);
Wir sind vollberechtigte Mitglieder der
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI), eines Verbands, der sich der verantwortungsvollen Erfassung von Daten und deren Verwendung in der Digitalwerbung verpflichtet hat. Wir befolgen die Verhaltensregeln der NAI für Web- und Mobilwerbung. Outbrain befolgt ebenfalls die im Rahmen der Selbstverpflichtung formulierten Grundsätze für die verhaltensgesteuerte Online-Werbung des Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) sowie die Rahmenbedingungen für die verhaltensgesteuerte Online-Werbung des IAB Europe; und
Zudem sind wir zertifiziert nach den Standards der
JICWEBS DTSG Brand Safety
, weitere Informationen dazu finden Sie
hier
.
3.
Outbrain-Nutzertypen (inkl. Deaktivierungsoptionen)
+
Ein Großteil dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen ist in einzelne Abschnitte unterteilt, die sich daran orientieren, wie Sie mit Outbrain interagieren. Sie sind entweder ein Websitebesucher, ein Nutzer und/oder ein Geschäftspartner (siehe nachfolgende Definitionen). Bitte entscheiden Sie, welcher Nutzertyp Sie sind. Entsprechend den einzelnen Nutzertypen erläutern wir, welche Informationen wir erfassen und warum wir dies tun, welche Cookies und anderen vergleichbaren Technologien wir nutzen, wie wir diese Informationen weitergeben und über welche Rechte Sie verfügen.
Websitebesucher:
Sie sind ein Websitebesucher, wenn Sie
unsere
Websites, Internetseiten, interaktiven Funktionen, Blogs und deren jeweiligen Content auf
Outbrain.com
(oder einer darauf basierenden Ableitung wie Outbrain.co.uk, Outbrain.fr, Outbrain.de usw.) („
unsere Websites
“) besuchen und mit diesen interagieren. Weitere Informationen finden Sie
hier
.
（a）
Welche Informationen wir erfassen und warum wir dies tun
Wir möchten wissen, welche Dienstleistungen auf unseren Websites Sie interessieren, und Sie an die von uns angebotenen Services erinnern, wenn Sie nicht auf unseren Websites sind. Zu diesem Zweck erfassen wird folgende Informationen von Ihrem Gerät: (i) IP-Adresse; (ii) User-Agent-Daten: Gerätetyp (z. B. iPhone), Browsertyp (z. B. Chrome), Betriebssystem (z. B. iOS); (iii) die auf unseren Websites besuchten Seiten (z. B. die Seite „Über Outbrain“); (iv) den Zeitpunkt des Besuchs (und die entsprechende Zeitzone); und (v) die verweisenden URLs und andere normalerweise bei HTTP-Anfragen übertragenen Informationen (z. B. Informationen, die uns mitteilen, wie Sie auf unsere Website gelangt sind).
Außerdem können wir Ihren Namen sowie Ihre E-Mail-Adresse erfassen, falls Sie uns diese Angaben über unsere Websites zukommen lassen (beispielsweise, indem Sie sich für unseren Newsletter registrieren).
（b）
Cookies und andere vergleichbare Technologien, die wir nutzen
In dieser
Cookie-Tabelle
, die von Zeit zu Zeit aktualisiert wird, finden Sie unter dem Abschnitt „Websitebesucher“ eine detaillierte Liste von Erst- und Drittanbietercookies (sowie ihrer jeweiligen Speicherfristen), die verwendet werden können, wenn Sie unsere Websites besuchen.
（c）
So geben wir unter Umständen Informationen weiter
Weitergabe von Informationen, die wir auf unseren Websites von Ihnen erhalten
Wir verkaufen und/oder geben keine personenbezogenen Daten über Sie an Dritte für deren Marketing- oder Werbezwecke weiter. Wir nutzen jedoch unter Umständen die Dienste verschiedener Drittanbieter (jeweils in der
Cookie-Tabelle
aufgeführt) zur Unterstützung unserer Marketing- oder Werbetätigkeit Ihnen gegenüber. Wir verlangen, dass diese Dritten und externen Unternehmen einwilligen, sich an die gültigen Datenschutzgesetze zu halten, sämtliche an sie weitergegebenen Informationen vertraulich zu behandeln und nur zur Erfüllung ihrer Pflichten uns gegenüber zu verwenden. Dazu schließen wir Verträge mit allen Drittparteien, die personenbezogene Daten verarbeiten.
Wenn Sie einen Post auf unserem Blog hinterlassen, sind Ihr Kommentar und Ihre Informationen öffentlich zugänglich. Bitte wenden Sie sich an
support@outbrain.com
, um Ihren Kommentar zu entfernen.
Verwendung von Dienstleistungen Dritter auf unseren Websites.
Unsere Websites enthalten Links zu anderen Websites, die uns nicht gehören und die wir nicht betreiben. Wir kontrollieren, empfehlen oder billigen den Content, die Produkte, Dienstleistungen, Datenschutzbestimmungen oder -maßnahmen dieser Websites Dritter nicht. Auf unseren Websites sehen Sie beispielsweise anklickbare Symbole, über die Sie auf die Facebook-Seite von Outbrain oder die LinkedIn-Seite von Outbrain gelangen. Sofern Sie sich entscheiden, diese Links anzuklicken, sollten Sie sich dessen bewusst sein, dass diese Seiten nicht Outbrain gehören und nicht von Outbrain betrieben werden, weshalb diese Drittseiten unter Umständen ihre eigenen Cookies auf Ihr Gerät senden und unabhängig personenbezogene Daten erfassen. Aus diesem Grunde ist es wichtig, dass Sie sich mit den Datenschutzbestimmungen dieser Drittseiten vertraut machen.
Beachten Sie bitte auch den Abschnitt dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen über die
Weitergabe von Daten
.
(d)
Ihre Rechte
Unsere
Nutzungsbedingungen
regeln die Nutzung unserer Websites und sind für Sie gültig, wenn Sie mit unseren Websites interagieren. Sie können die Nutzung unserer Websites jederzeit beenden. In diesem Fall können Sie auch die Cookies entfernen, die wir auf jedem für den Zugriff auf unsere Websites verwendeten Gerät gesetzt haben; dies können Sie über Ihren Browser tun. Falls Sie während Ihrer Nutzung unserer Websites Ihre E-Mail-Adresse übermitteln, enthält jede E-Mail, die Sie von Outbrain erhalten, eine Option zum Abbestellen des E-Mail-Empfangs. Außerdem können Sie auch das Direktmarketing deaktivieren; wenden Sie sich hierzu per E-Mail an
support@outbrain.com
.
Für Besucher aus dem
europäischen Gebiet
hat Outbrain auf unseren Websites eine Plattform für das Zustimmungs-Management eingerichtet (betrieben durch
One Trust
), über die Sie die Möglichkeit haben, Ihre Zustimmung zu Cookies und vergleichbaren Nachverfolgungstechnologien abzugeben oder zu verweigern. Wenn Sie unsere Websites aufrufen, wird Ihnen ein Banner in der Mitte der Seite angezeigt, das Informationen zu den von uns verwendeten Cookies enthält. Sie können auf dem Banner sämtliche Cookies durch Klick ablehnen (z. B. Performance Cookies oder Targeting Cookies), die (gemäß Cookie-Tabelle) nicht unbedingt notwendig sind. Indem Sie auf „Accept Cookies“ klicken, willigen Sie in die Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlicher Nachverfolgungstechnologien ein. Outbrains Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten von Websitebesuchern aus dem europäischen Gebiet auf unseren Websites basiert auf der Zustimmung. Sie können Ihre Zustimmung jederzeit widerrufen
Cookies Settings
. Hinsichtlich sämtlicher Websitebesucher aus nicht-europäischen Gebieten stützen wir uns auf unser legitimes Interesse, sämtliche personenbezogenen Daten zu verarbeiten; dies schließt Websitebesucher aus nicht-europäischen Gebieten jedoch nicht davon aus, ihre Zustimmung jederzeit über unsere Plattform für das Zustimmungs-Management zu widerrufen.
Nutzer:
Sie sind ein Nutzer, wenn Sie eine Seite einer Website oder Anwendung eines Partners von Outbrain besuchen, auf der das Outbrain-Widget installiert ist oder auf der unsere Empfehlungen platziert sind („
Partner-Websites
“). Falls Sie beispielsweise die Seiten
https://news.sky.com/uk
,
www.spiegel.de
oder
www.cnn.com
besuchen, wird das Outbrain-Widget in diese Websites eingebunden. Dass Sie mit einem Outbrain-Widget verbunden sind, erkennen Sie an dem Text, der auf Outbrain verweist (z. B. „Empfohlen von Outbrain“, „von Outbrain“ neben den Empfehlungen). Wenn Sie auf die Verlinkung zu Outbrain klicken, sehen Sie einen
detaillierten Hinweis
, über den Sie zum
Interessenportal von Outbrain
und zu diesen Datenschutzbestimmungen navigieren können, wo Sie personalisierte Empfehlungen deaktivieren können. In manchen Fällen nutzt ein Partner möglicherweise einen White-Label-Service von Outbrain für seine eigenen Angebote. In diesem Fall müssen diese Partner in ihren Datenschutzbestimmungen auf die Verwendung der Outbrain-Services hinweisen. Weitere Informationen finden Sie
hier
.
Beispiel eines Outbrain-Widgets.
(a)
Welche Informationen wir erfassen und warum wir dies tun
Wir verwenden UUIDs, IP-Adressen und andere Nutzungsdaten, damit wir Ihnen interessante Empfehlungen unterbreiten können. Outbrains Empfehlungen werden unter Umständen von einem Werbetreibenden bezahlt, der Sie auf eine neue Website leitet, oder es handelt sich um eigene Empfehlungen des Partners, sodass der Link auf eine andere Seite desselben Partners führt.
UUID.
Wenn Sie als Nutzer erstmalig eine Partner-Website (z. B. CNN.com) besuchen, setzt Outbrain zur Erzeugung einer eindeutigen Nutzerkennung (UUID) ein Cookie auf Ihrem Gerät. Alternativ erhält Outbrain bei Ihrer ersten Interaktion mit einem Partner, der diese Partner-Anwendung verwendet, Ihre Werber-ID, die Ihnen über Ihr Gerät zugewiesen ist. Wir katalogisieren und analysieren den Content, den Sie auf Partner-Websites konsumieren. Unsere Empfehlungen basieren auf: (i) dem Browserverlauf einer UUID; (ii) ähnlichen Surfmustern anderer Nutzer; (iii) Empfehlungen, die bei Outbrains Adressaten zur gegebenen Zeit beliebt sind; (iv) einem gewissen Maß an Zufälligkeit und (v) Zielanforderungen, die durch unsere Amplify-Kunden bereitgestellt oder verlangt werden. Beispielsweise weiß Outbrain, dass UUID 123 (wobei es sich um Sie handeln kann, während Sie mit Ihrem iPhone X und dem Chrome-Browser auf der Website „The Guardian“ surfen) gern Texte über ferne Reiseziele liest und dass Personen, die gern von fernen Reisezielen lesen, sich auch für Artikel über exotisches Essen interessieren. Wenn Sie mit Outbrain interagieren, sammeln wir keine personenbezogenen Daten im herkömmlichen Sinne, wie etwa E-Mail-Adresse oder Name; somit können wir Ihren Namen nicht mit Ihrer UUID in Verbindung bringen (beispielsweise wissen wir nicht, dass Max Mustermann, bei dem es sich ebenfalls um UUID 123 handelt, gerne über ferne Reiseziele liest).
Die UUID stellt eine Abfolge von Ziffern und/oder Buchstaben dar. Diese UUID ist an Ihr Gerät gebunden und variiert je nach Browser-Kombination. Mit anderen Worten: Outbrain erfasst verschiedene UUIDs abhängig davon, welches Gerät und/oder welchen Browser Sie für den Zugriff auf die Websites des Partners verwenden. Sie haben beispielsweise eine bestimmte UUID, wenn Sie eine Partner-Website von Ihrem Mobiltelefon aus mit dem Safari-Browser besuchen, jedoch eine andere UUID, wenn Sie eine Partner-Website von Ihrem iPad aus mit dem Safari-Browser besuchen. Outbrain kombiniert und konsolidiert eine UUID von einem Mobilgerät (Handgerät oder Tablet) von einem Browser, der dann von demselben Gerät auf eine Anwendung (oder umgekehrt) zugreift. Outbrain betreibt keine geräteübergreifende Nachverfolgung und kann daher einen Nutzer, der mit Outbrain über sein Mobiltelefon interagiert, nicht als denselben Nutzer identifizieren, der mit Outbrain über seinen PC interagiert.
IP-Adresse
Zusätzlich zu Ihrer UUID erkennen wir auch Ihre IP-Adresse, die uns Auskunft über Ihren Standort gibt; um diese Identifizierung zu verbergen, löschen wir das letzte Oktett. Diese verdeckte Information verwenden wir dann, um, zusammen mit Informationen, die wir von anderen vertrauenswürdigen Drittpartnern (wie z. B. MaxMind) erhalten haben, herauszufinden, an welchem Standort Sie sich befinden (z. B. New York). Outbrain wird, selbst wenn Sie die personalisierte Nachverfolgung deaktivieren, immer noch Ihre IP-Adresse erfassen, da dies notwendig ist, um Ihnen kontextbasierte Empfehlungen anzuzeigen. In diesem Fall wird Ihre IP-Adresse jedoch nicht mit Ihrer UUID in Verbindung gebracht und würde nicht Teil Ihres Nutzerprofils darstellen.
Weitere Nutzungsdaten
Zusätzlich zu Ihrer UUID und IP-Adresse erfassen wir auch die folgenden Informationen von Ihnen:
(a) im Web über PC oder Mobilgerät: (i) User-Agent-Daten: Gerätetyp (z. B. iPhone), Browsertyp (z. B. Chrome), Betriebssystem (z. B. iOS); (ii) die besuchten Seiten; (iii) den Zeitpunkt des Besuchs; und (iv) die verweisenden URLs und andere normalerweise bei HTTP-Anfragen übertragene Informationen.
Die oben genannten statistischen Informationen geben uns Auskunft darüber, wie viele Nutzer eine bestimmte Seite auf unseren Partner-Websites, auf denen ein Outbrain-Widget installiert ist, besuchten, wie lange jeder Nutzer auf dieser Seite verweilte, welche Art Content sie auf dieser Seite anklickten und wie sie im Allgemeinen mit dieser Seite interagierten; und
(b) in Anwendungen:
(i) die Version der Anwendung (wie sie im App Store oder Play Store erscheint); (ii) die Anwendungs-ID oder den Paketnamen (wie er im App Store oder Play Store erscheint); (iii) das Betriebssystem (z. B. iOS oder Android); (iv) die Version des Betriebssystems; und (v) das Gerätemodell (z. B. iPhone X). Bei diesen Informationen handelt es sich um personenbezogene Daten, wenn Outbrain sie mit einer UUID verbindet.
Da Outbrain keine direkte Verbindung zu den Nutzern hat, die mit Partner-Websites interagieren, verlässt sich Outbrain darauf, dass seine Partner die rechtliche Grundlage schaffen, auf der Outbrain die personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten kann. Jede Partnerseite greift dabei zurück auf
(b)
Cookies und andere vergleichbare Technologien, die wir nutzen
Outbrain-Cookies
Outbrain-Pixel
Drittpartei-Pixel
Outbrain-Cookies
Please see the Die Cookie-Tabelle enthält unter „Nutzer“ eine detaillierte Liste der Erstanbieter-Cookies, die wir bei Ihrer Interaktion mit Partner-Websites, auf denen die Outbrain-Technologie implementiert ist, verwenden.
Outbrain-Pixel
Zusätzlich zu Outbrains sichtbarem Widget auf Partner-Websites implementieren bestimmte Outbrain-Werbetreibende gegebenenfalls das Outbrain-Pixel auf ihren Websites. Das Outbrain-Pixel ermittelt, ob der Nutzer, der auf die Seite mit dem installierten Pixel gelangt, über eine Outbrain-UUID verfügt, um den Werbetreibenden Auskunft hinsichtlich ihrer jeweiligen Kampagne zu geben. Falls es eine mit diesem Endnutzer verbundene UUID gibt, kann Outbrain den Werbetreibenden entweder erlauben, diese UUIDs erneut anzusprechen, und/oder den Werbetreibenden die Gesamtzahl der Nutzer (gesammelt und anonymisiert), die eine bestimmte Seite erreicht haben, übermitteln (beispielsweise weiß ein Werbetreibender nicht, dass es bei UUID 1234 zu einer Conversion kam, sondern nur, dass eine stattgefunden hat). Outbrain gibt keine personenbezogenen Daten (inkl. Ihrer UUID) an Werbetreibende weiter und sammelt keine weiteren personenbezogenen Daten über das Pixel. Outbrain kombiniert keine Informationen, die es über das Outbrain-Pixel erhalten hat, mit einem UUID-Profil (beispielsweise wird Outbrain nur nachverfolgen, dass eine Conversion stattgefunden hat, und nicht, dass eine Conversion bei UUID 123 erfolgte, als sie auf die jeweilige Seite des Werbetreibenden gelangte). Wir verlangen von Werbetreibenden, die Verwendung des Outbrain-Pixels auf ihren eigenen Websites offenzulegen.
Outbrain kann auch bestimmten vertrauenswürdigen Drittparteien erlauben, Daten über Cookies, die über das Outbrain-Widget gesendet wurden, zu sammeln. In diesen Fällen gibt Outbrain diesen Drittparteien nicht die Daten weiter, die Outbrain über seine Nutzer sammelt, sondern gestattet diesen Drittparteien die direkte Datensammlung (inkl. personenbezogener Daten) über das Widget zu Betrugsverhinderungs- und/oder Sicherheitszwecken oder um Werbetreibenden Messwerte (wie die Anzahl an Conversions und/oder Impressionen) zur Verfügung zu stellen. Jegliche Datenerfassung dieser Art unterliegt den Datenschutzbestimmungen dieser Drittparteien.
Drittpartei-Pixel
Wenn Sie auf einen Link zu einer unserer Empfehlungen klicken, setzt der Werbetreibende, der die Empfehlung finanziert, unter Umständen entweder durch Weiterleitungen vor der Ankunft auf der Zielseite der Empfehlungen oder bei Erreichen der Zielseite Cookies (oder Drittanbietercookies von Drittparteien, die im Auftrag des Werbetreibenden handeln) auf Ihrem Gerät. Solche Cookies werden gesetzt, um dem Werbetreibenden Analysewerte in Bezug auf seine Werbekampagne zur Verfügung zu stellen (z. B. Informationen, wie viele Nutzer die Werbekampagne gesehen haben). Wir verlangen von unseren Werbetreibenden, die Verwendung von Drittparteipixel und/oder -cookies über ihre Website für den Endnutzer offenzulegen. Da diese Cookies und/oder Pixel nach alleinigem Ermessen unserer Werbetreibenden gesetzt werden, gelten für Sie die Datenschutzhinweise und/oder Datenschutzbestimmungen dieses Werbetreibenden.
(c) So
geben wir unter Umständen Informationen weiter
Unsere Partner
Outbrain leitet und/oder verkauft keine vollständigen Nutzerprofile an Dritte weiter. Wir teilen jedoch unter Umständen bestimmte Elemente eines Nutzerprofils (z. B. die UUID) unter anderen mit den folgenden Partnern:
Partner, mit denen wir hinsichtlich Markensicherheit, Analytics und Betrugsbekämpfung zusammenarbeiten;
Demand-Side-Plattformen (DSP) und Supply-Side-Plattformen (SSP);
Ad Exchanges und/oder Ad Networks; und
Demand-Management-Plattformen.
Hier
finden Sie eine Liste mit einigen unserer vertrauenswürdigen Partner.  Zudem sammeln und/oder teilen wir möglicherweise manche Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten mit vertrauenswürdigen Partnern aufgrund der Verwendung von OpenRTB. Viele dieser Partner sind als IAB TCF Global Vendors registriert und
hier
zu finden.
(d)
Ihre Rechte
Outbrain-Deaktivierung im Web auf Ihrem PC und Mobilgerät
Outbrain-Deaktivierung im Web auf Ihrem PC und Mobilgerät.
Sie können Outbrains personalisierte Empfehlungen jederzeit deaktivieren (oder, falls Sie sie deaktiviert haben und sie wieder aktivieren möchten), indem Sie den nachstehenden Switch-Button betätigen. Sie können personalisierte Empfehlungen auch über Outbrains Interessenprofil deaktivieren. Hierbei handelt es sich um eine Website, auf der Sie eine allgemeine Darstellung der Daten finden, die Outbrain von Ihnen hat und möglicherweise verwendet, um Empfehlungen zu generieren.
Outbrain-Deaktivierung in Apps
Outbrain-Deaktivierung in Apps.
Um Outbrains Empfehlungen auf Ihren mobilen Anwendungen zu deaktivieren, können Sie folgendermaßen vorgehen:
iOS-Geräte: Einstellungen > Datenschutz > Werbung > Kein Ad-Tracking
Android-Geräte: Google Einstellungen > Werbung > Personalisierte Werbung deaktivieren
Bitte beachten Sie, dass eine Deaktivierung über unser Interessenprofil und/oder diese Datenschutzbestimmungen nicht eine Deaktivierung der personalisierten Nachverfolgung in Ihren Anwendungen zur Folge hat. Diese Deaktivierung muss über Ihre Geräteeinstellungen erfolgen.
Zusätzliche Deaktivierungsoptionen.
.
Sie können auch den Erhalt personalisierter Werbung durch uns oder andere Werbeunternehmen über branchenbetriebene Tools deaktivieren, beispielsweise NAI oder die verschiedenen DAA-basierten Seiten (DAA, http://www.aboutads.info/choices; DAAC, www.youradchoices.ca/choices, und/oder EDAA www.youronlinechoices.eu). Durch den Besuch der Seiten für Verbraucherwahlmöglichkeiten NAI, DAA, DAAC oder EDAA können Sie einige oder alle Leistungen der teilnehmenden Mitglieder deaktivieren. Wie auch die Deaktivierung von Outbrain bedeuten diese Deaktivierungen nicht, dass Sie gar keine Werbung mehr erhalten, sondern lediglich, dass die Werbung nicht mehr auf Sie zugeschnitten ist. Sie erhalten weiterhin Werbung, beispielsweise auf Grundlage der jeweiligen Website, die Sie betrachten (d. h. kontextbasierte Werbung). Falls durch die Einstellungen Ihrer Browser zudem Cookies abgewiesen werden, wenn Sie die Verbraucherseiten DAA, DAAC oder EDAA besuchen, ist Ihre Deaktivierung unter Umständen nicht wirksam, da unsere Deaktivierung Cookie-basiert erfolgt.
WICHTIGE Hinweise
Obwohl Sie Outbrains personalisierte Empfehlungen deaktiviert haben:
Sie sehen weiterhin Outbrains Empfehlungen.
Die Deaktivierung von Outbrains Personalisierungsverfolgung bedeutet nicht, dass Sie keine weiteren Empfehlungen von Outbrain erhalten. Stattdessen bedeutet es, dass Outbrains Empfehlungen nicht mehr personalisiert sind (d. h. es handelt sich um kontextbasierte Empfehlungen).
Ihre Deaktivierung basiert auf Cookies und ist spezifisch für das Gerät/den Browser.
Sofern Sie im Web von verschiedenen Geräten und/oder Browsern aus surfen, müssen Sie eine Deaktivierung von jedem Gerät und/oder Browser aus vornehmen, damit dafür gesorgt ist, dass wir auf allen die Personalisierungsverfolgung verhindern. Aus demselben Grund müssen Sie, wenn Sie ein neues Gerät kaufen, den Browser wechseln oder das Deaktivierungs-Cookie löschen, eine erneute Deaktivierung vornehmen. Die Deaktivierung der Personalisierungsverfolgung ist nicht dasselbe wie die Blockierung von Cookies.
Sie dürfen Outbrain mindestens 21 Tage lang nicht aktivieren, da die Löschung Ihres Profils an Ihre UUID geknüpft ist.
Ihre Deaktivierung der personalisierten Empfehlungen durch Outbrain ist sofort wirksam. Falls Ihr Browser jedoch die lokale Speicherung zulässt und Sie innerhalb von 21 Tagen nach Ihrer Deaktivierung Outbrains personalisierte Empfehlungen aktivieren (z. B. durch die Zulassung eines Cookie-Banners), wird Ihr vorheriges Profil möglicherweise wieder mit Ihrer UUID verbunden. Sofern Sie nicht innerhalb von 21 Tagen eine neue Aktivierung vornehmen, wird Ihr Profil gelöscht und kann nicht wiederhergestellt werden.
So wie bei den meisten Deaktivierungscookies basiert die Deaktivierung von Outbrain über Browser auf einem Cookie.
Beim Deaktivierungscookie handelt es sich um ein persistentes Cookie, um den Präferenzen der Nutzer nachzukommen. Die Funktion „Intelligent Tracking Prevention“ in iOS11 könnte Auswirkungen auf das Fortbestehen der Cookies auf Websites nach einem Zeitraum von 24 Stunden haben. Wir schlagen vor, dass Sie einen anderen Browser verwenden oder in Betracht ziehen, alle Drittanbietercookies auf Ihrem Browser zu blockieren, sodass diese deaktiviert sind, ohne dass Sie sich auf die jeweiligen Deaktivierungsmethoden eines Unternehmens verlassen müssen.
Ihr lokaler Speicher wird nicht gelöscht.
Obwohl Sie Outbrains personalisierte Empfehlungen deaktiviert haben, wird Ihr lokaler Speicher nicht automatisch gelöscht, weshalb Sie diesen zusätzlich zu Ihrer Deaktivierung über Ihren Browser löschen müssen.
Geschäftspartner:
Sie sind ein Geschäftspartner, wenn Sie sich im Namen des Unternehmens, für das Sie arbeiten, registrieren (oder Outbrain per E-Mail kontaktieren), um die Dienstleistungen Outbrain Amplify oder Outbrain Engage zu nutzen. Weitere Informationen finden Sie
hier
.
(a)
Welche Informationen wir erfassen und warum wir dies tun
Womöglich übermitteln Sie bestimmte personenbezogene Daten (wie Ihren Namen und/oder Ihre E-Mail-Adresse), wenn Sie sich für die Amplify- oder Engage-Dienstleistungen registrieren oder anderweitig mit uns kommunizieren oder interagieren. Wenn Sie sich bei uns als Geschäftspartner bewerben, benötigen wir gegebenenfalls weitere Daten von Ihnen über Anmeldebögen für Werbetreibende, Werbeaufträge und andere Formulare. Zusätzlich erfassen wir automatisch Informationen über die Aktivitäten Ihres Nutzernamens im Outbrain-Dashboard. Wenn Sie beispielsweise als Amplify-Geschäftspartner die Kosten pro Klick für eine Ihrer Kampagnen ändern, findet sich im Audit Trail von Outbrain eine Aufzeichnung all dieser Maßnahmen.
Wir erfassen und verarbeiten die oben genannten personenbezogenen Daten, um unsere Verpflichtungen aus unserem Vertrag mit Ihnen als Geschäftspartner (oder zukünftiger Geschäftspartner) zu erfüllen, unter anderem:
Beantwortung Ihrer Fragen und Anforderungen;
Gewährung Ihres Zugriffs auf bestimmte Funktionen und Eigenschaften der Amplify- und Engage-Dienstleistungen (z. B. Bereitstellung und Pflege Ihres Dashboard-Kontos);
Verifizierung Ihrer Identität; und
Kommunikation mit Ihnen über Ihr Konto, unsere Produkte und die für Ihre Nutzung der Amplify- oder Engage-Dienstleistung relevanten Werbeaktionen.
(b)
Cookies und andere vergleichbare Technologien, die wir nutzen
In der
Cookie-Tabelle
unter „Geschäftspartner“ erhalten Sie eine detaillierte Liste der Erst- und Drittanbietercookies (und ihrer jeweiligen Speicherfristen), die wir für Geschäftspartner verwenden.
(c)
So geben wir unter Umständen Informationen weiter
Wir legen bestimmte Informationen über Geschäftspartner gegenüber Anbietern, Auftragnehmern oder anderen offen, die Outbrain bei der Erbringung der Dienstleistungen unterstützen (z. B. Kreditkartenabwicklung). Beachten Sie bitte auch den Abschnitt dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen über die Weitergabe von Daten.
(d)
Ihre Rechte
Sofern Sie als Geschäftspartner Ihre Daten verifizieren, berichtigen, aktualisieren oder deren Deaktivierung veranlassen möchten, können Sie Ihre Profileinstellungen im Outbrain-Dashboard editieren oder uns unter
support@outbrain.com
kontaktieren. Falls Sie von Outbrain E-Mails erhalten, können Sie den Empfang über einen Link in der E-Mail abbestellen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie durch das Abbestellen nicht den Erhalt von Benachrichtigungen deaktivieren, die für die Erbringung der Amplify- oder Engage-Dienstleistungen unerlässlich sind (z. B. E-Mail-Rechnungen).
(e)
Rechtsgrundlage
Outbrains Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten von Geschäftspartnern ist vertraglich festgelegt.
4.
Sicherheitsmaßnahmen, Übertragung außerhalb des EWR, Weitergabe und Datenspeicherung
+
Sicherheit
Datenübertragungen außerhalb der EU/des EWR
Weitergabe von Daten
Datenspeicherung
Sicherheit
Outbrain verfügt über ein spezielles Sicherheitsteam. Wir führen eine strenge Kontrolle der durch uns erfassten personenbezogenen Daten durch und speichern diese in durch Firewalls geschützten und sicheren Datenbanken mit streng begrenzten und kontrollierten Zugriffsrechten, damit deren Sicherheit gewährleistet ist. Weitere Informationen können Sie unseren
Sicherheitsstandards
entnehmen.
Geschäftspartner haben Zugriff auf bestimmte passwortgeschützte Funktionen der Dienstleistungen Amplify oder Engage. Die Geschäftspartner tragen dafür Verantwortung, dieses Passwort vertraulich zu behandeln und dafür zu sorgen, dass es auch von ihren Mitarbeitern und/oder Vertretern vertraulich behandelt wird. Bitte denken Sie daran, dass die Informationsübertragung über das Internet leider niemals vollständig sicher ist. Ein häufig vorkommender Internetbetrug wird als „Spoofing“ oder „Phishing“ bezeichnet. Dabei erhalten Sie eine E-Mail, die von einer vertrauenswürdigen Quelle zu stammen scheint und in der Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erfragt werden. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir Ihnen keine E-Mails senden, in denen wir Sie um die Überprüfung Ihrer Kreditkarten- oder Bankdaten oder anderer personenbezogener Daten bitten. Sollten Sie jemals eine E-Mail erhalten, die den Anschein erweckt, von uns zu sein, und in der derartige Daten von Ihnen angefordert werden, antworten Sie nicht darauf und klicken Sie auch auf keine Links in dieser E-Mail. Leiten Sie stattdessen diese E-Mail an uns unter
legal@outbrain.com
, weiter, da wir Fälle möglichen Internetbetrugs untersuchen.
Datenübertragungen außerhalb der EU/des EWR
Wenn wir Daten aus dem Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (EWR) übertragen, stellen wir sicher, dass diese Übertragungen mit den geltenden Datenschutzgesetzen übereinstimmen. Darunter fallen, falls anwendbar, die Standardvertragsklauseln der Europäischen Kommission oder eine positive Angemessenheitsfeststellung der Europäischen Kommission gemäß Artikel 25 Absatz 6 der Richtlinie 95/46/EG oder Artikel 45 der DSGVO. Dies bedeutet, dass Ihre Rechte und der Schutz Ihrer Daten an Ihre Daten geknüpft sind und wir anerkannte Vertragsklauseln und weitere Maßnahmen verwenden, durch die für den Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch die Empfänger gesorgt ist. Bei Outbrain gelten zwischen den Outbrain-Einheiten die Standardvertragsklauseln für den Datentransfer außerhalb des EWR.
Weitergabe von Daten
Zusätzlich zu der beschriebenen Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten der einzelnen Nutzerarten legen wir personenbezogene Daten unter Umständen wie folgt offen:
Innerhalb der durch Outbrain kontrollierten Unternehmensgruppe aus internen Gründen, vorrangig für geschäftliche und betriebliche Zwecke;
Bei einem Geschäftsübergang, wie einer Fusion, dem Erwerb durch ein anderes Unternehmen oder dem teilweisen oder vollständigen Verkauf unserer Vermögenswerte, gehören Ihre personenbezogenen Daten wahrscheinlich zu den übertragenen Vermögenswerten;
Bei entsprechenden rechtlichen Anforderungen (z. B. zur Unterstützung strafrechtlicher Ermittlungen oder anderer Rechtsverfahren); und/oder
To respond to a genuine emergency.
Als Reaktion auf einen echten Notfall.
Datenspeicherung
Die Speicherfrist für jedes durch Outbrain verwendete Cookie (egal ob unser eigenes oder für uns durch Dritte) ist in
Cookie-Tabelle
genannt. Insbesondere das Outbrain-Cookie (Obuid), das für die Nachverfolgung von Nutzeraktivitäten wie Klicks verwendet wird, erlischt drei (3) Monate, nachdem ein Nutzer eine bestimmte Seite innerhalb unseres Netzwerks besucht hat. Das Cookie wird jedoch wieder aktiviert, wenn ein Nutzer zur selben Seite oder einer anderen Seite innerhalb unseres Netzwerks zurückkehrt. Zudem speichern wir keine individuellen Datenpunkte über einen Nutzer für mehr als 13 Monate. Falls beispielsweise UUID 123 am 31. Dezember 2018 einen Artikel gelesen hat, ist dieser Artikel am 1. Februar 2019 nicht mehr Teil des Profils von UUID 123.
Outbrain verfügt zudem über eine Richtlinie zur Datenspeicherung, in der die Speicherfrist für personenbezogene Daten aufgeführt ist, die auf unserer Analyse basiert, welche Speicherfrist für bestimmte Daten aus rechtlichen oder geschäftlichen Gründen angemessen ist. Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten nicht mehr benötigen, löschen oder vernichten wir diese auf sichere Weise. Zusammengefasste Daten, durch die kein Gerät/Browser (oder keine Person) identifiziert werden kann und die für die Berichterstattung und Analyse benötigt werden, behalten wir so lange, wie dies wirtschaftlich nötig ist.
5.
Kinder und sensible Daten
+
Kinder
Keine unserer Dienstleistungen richtet sich beabsichtigt an Kinder unter 16 Jahren. Wir erfassen wissentlich keine personenbezogenen Daten von Personen unter 16 Jahren. Stellen wir bei der Datenerfassung fest, dass ein Websitebesucher, ein Nutzer oder ein Geschäftspartner unter 16 ist, verwenden oder behalten wir seine/ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht. Wenn wir davon Kenntnis erlangen, dass wir unwissentlich personenbezogene Daten von einem Kind im Alter von unter 16 erfasst haben, ergreifen wir angemessene Anstrengungen zur Löschung dieser Daten aus unseren Verzeichnissen. Wenn du ein Kind bist, nutze Outbrain nicht, verlasse diese Seite und geh lieber spielen!
Sensible Daten
Wir sammeln und erfassen keine sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten.
6.
Besucher des europäischen Gebiets
+
In Übereinstimmung mit bestimmten Datenschutzgesetzen, insbesondere der europäischen Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO), gewährt Outbrain Personen, die mit Outbrain interagieren, bestimmte zusätzliche Rechte wie das Recht auf Zugriff, Berichtigung, Einspruch, Beschwerde, Löschung und Blockierung. Insbesondere und unter bestimmten Umständen:
das Recht auf Auskunft darüber, ob und welche personenbezogenen Daten von uns verarbeitet werden, sowie das Recht, die Berichtigung oder Änderung personenbezogener Daten zu verlangen.
das Recht, die Löschung personenbezogener Daten zu verlangen.
das Recht, die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten zu verlangen.
den jederzeitigen vollständigen oder teilweisen Widerruf Ihrer Zustimmung zur Verarbeitung und Nutzung Ihrer Daten mit zukünftiger Gültigkeit.
das Recht auf Erhalt Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten in einem üblichen, strukturierten und mechanisch lesbaren Format.
Kontaktaufnahme mit unserem Datenschutzbeauftragten bei Fragen, Anmerkungen, Beschwerden oder Anfragen im Zusammenhang mit unserer Datenschutzerklärung und der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten.
das Recht auf Beschwerde bei der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde, falls Sie der Auffassung sind, dass die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten gesetzeswidrig ist.
Neben dem oben Genannten weisen wir in diesen Datenschutzbestimmungen auf bestimmte Rechte für Bürger des europäischen Gebiets hin. Laut der DSGVO bezeichnet die Formulierung „Bürger aus
europäischen Gebieten
“ den Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (EWR), die Europäische Freihandelsassoziation (EFTA) und die Schweiz. Im Sinne dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen umfasst der Begriff „europäische Gebiete“ weiterhin das Vereinigte Königreich, auch nachdem dieses den Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum im Anschluss an den Brexit verlässt.
Gerne können Sie uns eine E-Mail an
Privacy@outbrain.com
schicken, falls Sie Fragen zur Geltendmachung Ihrer oben genannten Rechte haben.
7.
„Do Not Track“-Angabe
+
Einige Browser senden an Websites „Do Not Track (DNT)“-Signale, mit denen der Website mitgeteilt wird, dass die Aktivitäten des Nutzers nicht verfolgt werden sollen. Es besteht jedoch kein allgemeingültiges Verständnis darüber, wie DNT-Signale zu interpretieren sind, und daher findet durch Outbrain derzeit keine Modifizierung, Änderung oder Reaktion auf die DNT-Anforderungen oder -Signale von diesen Browsern statt. Wir beobachten weiterhin die Branchenaktivitäten in diesem Bereich und bewerten unsere DNT-Verfahren bei Bedarf neu. Zwischenzeitlich können Sie eine Reihe anderer durch uns bereitgestellter Tools zur Kontrolle der Datenerfassung und -nutzung einsetzen, unter anderem die Möglichkeit, im Nutzerbereich den Erhalt personalisierter Empfehlungen zu deaktivieren.
8.
Mögliche Änderungen dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen
+
Wir ändern diese Datenschutzbestimmungen zu gegebener Zeit. Darüber informieren wir durch einen deutlichen Hinweis, der für Sie als Websitebesucher oder Geschäftspartner erkennbar ist. Wir haben jedoch keine Möglichkeit, Nutzern gegenüber eine Aktualisierung durch eine Mitteilung anzukündigen. Sie sollten sich regelmäßig diese Datenschutzbestimmungen ansehen, um zu erfahren, ob es ein Update gab, da wir stets das Datum der letzten Änderung der Datenschutzbestimmungen oben auf der Seite anzeigen, damit Sie wissen, wann diese zuletzt überarbeitet wurden.
Effective February 16th 2022
Download
Política de privacidad
Outbrain se compromete a proteger sus datos personales. Esta Política de privacidad («
Política de privacidad
») rige el uso por parte de Outbrain de nuestros datos recopilados, incluyendo todos y cada uno de los datos personales. Los datos personales son información que se relaciona con usted y que puede identificarle como individuo. Utilizamos sus datos personales de conformidad con todas las leyes aplicables. Para garantizar el cumplimiento y estar en sintonía con los valores de Outbrain en materia de confianza y transparencia, contamos con un equipo de defensores de la privacidad responsables de la implementación continua de nuestro programa de privacidad global.
+ EXPANDIR TODO
– CERRAR TODO
1.
Quiénes somos, qué hacemos, cómo puede ponerse en contacto con Outbrain, con nuestro RPD o con las autoridades competentes
+
Quiénes somos:
Esta política de privacidad se aplica a Outbrain Inc., una sociedad de Delaware (EE.UU.) con sede en Nueva York y sus filiales (colectivamente, «
Outbrain
», o «
nosotros
», «
nos
», «
nuestro
»). Operamos desde diversas oficinas alrededor del mundo y colaboramos con editores y vendedores de todo el mundo.
Tenga en cuenta que nuestra filial Zemanta Inc. cuenta con su propia política de privacidad que está disponible
aquí
.
Qué hacemos:
La misión de Outbrain es facilitarle recomendaciones interesantes acorde con sus intereses. Para lograr nuestra misión firmamos acuerdos con:
editores y socios en línea que desean recomendar contenido relevante a sus lectores (Outbrain Engage);
anunciantes que quieren que los lectores vean su contenido (
Outbrain Amplify
), y
socios externos que nos ayudan a hacerle llegar recomendaciones relevantes.
Si desea obtener más información sobre nuestro servicios de Amplify (anunciante) haga clic
aquí,
y para nuestros servicios de Engage (editores),
aquí
.
Cómo ponerse en contacto con nosotros:
Revisamos regularmente nuestro cumplimiento de la presente Política de privacidad. Las preguntas, comentarios y solicitudes relacionadas con esta Política de privacidad son bienvenidas y deben dirigirse en primer lugar a
privacy@outbrain.com
o por correo postal a
Outbrain Inc. 222 Broadway 19th Floor, New York, NY 10038, Attn: Privacy Questions
.
Si Outbrain no responde satisfactoriamente a sus preguntas o inquietudes, también puede ponerse en contacto con las siguientes personas para obtener asesoramiento, apoyo o realizar reclamaciones:
El Responsable de Protección de Datos externo de Outbrain («RPD»): ePrivacy GmbH, representada por D. Christoph Bauer. Se puede contactar con ePrivacy GmbH directamente en dpo@outbrain.com, o
en el
Information Commissioner’s Officer
, que es el principal servicio de supervisión de Outbrain en Europa.
2.
Adhesión y alianza
+
●Nos adherimos a los principios de autorregulación establecidos por la
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA) y la
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA).
●Somos miembros activos de la
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI), una asociación dedicada a la recopilación responsable de datos y su uso para la publicidad digital. Nos adherimos asimismo al Código de conducta de NAI para sitios web y móviles. Outbrain también se adhiere a los Principios de autorregulación de la Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) para la Publicidad conductual en línea y al Marco OBA de IAB de Europa, y
●También estamos certificados por
JICWEBS DTSG Brand Safety Certified
aquí
.
3.
Tipos de usuarios de Outbrain (incluyendo las opciones adicionales de inhabilitación)
+
Gran parte de esta Política de privacidad está dividida en apartados en función de la manera en que usted puede interactuar con Outbrain. Usted es un Visitante del sitio, un Usuario o un Socio comercial (como se define a continuación). Por favor, determine qué tipo de usuario es. Para cada tipo de usuario hemos explicado qué información recopilamos y por qué, qué cookies y otras tecnologías similares utilizamos, cómo compartimos dicha información y sus derechos.
Visitantes del sitio
Usted es un Visitante del Sitio cuando visita e interactúa con
nuestros
sitios web, páginas web, funciones interactivas, blogs y sus respectivos contenidos en
Outbrain.com
(o cualquier derivación, como Outbrain.co.uk, Outbrain.fr, Outbrain.de, etc.) («
Nuestros sitios
»). Ver más
aquí
.
（a）
Qué información recopilamos y por qué
Queremos entender qué servicios le interesan de Nuestros Sitios y queremos recordarle los servicios que ofrecemos cuando no esté visitando Nuestros Sitios. Para ello, recopilamos la siguiente información desde su dispositivo: (I) dirección IP, (ii) datos del Agente usuario: tipo de dispositivo (por ejemplo, iPhone), tipo de navegador (por ejemplo, Chrome), sistema operativo (por ejemplo, iOS), (iii) las páginas visitadas en Nuestro Sitio (por ejemplo, la página «Acerca de» de Outbrain), (iv) la hora de la visita (y la zona horaria correspondiente) y (v) las URL de referencia y otra información que normalmente se transmite en las solicitudes HTTP (por ejemplo, información diciéndonos cómo llegó a Nuestros Sitios).
Además, también podemos recopilar información como su nombre y dirección de correo electrónico si acepta enviarnos detalles mediante Nuestros Sitios (por ejemplo, aceptando recibir nuestro boletín informativo).
（b）
Qué cookies y otras tecnologías similares utilizamos
Consulte en esta
Tabla de cookies
, actualizada regularmente, bajo el apartado «Visitantes del sitio» para obtener un listado detallado de las cookies de origen y de terceros (así como sus correspondientes periodos de retención) que podrían utilizarse cuando usted visita nuestros sitios.
（c）
Cómo podemos intercambiar información
Intercambio de información sobre usted en Nuestros sitios.
No vendemos o compartimos sus datos personales con terceros para fines de marketing o publicidad.  Sin embargo, es posible que utilicemos otros terceros (cada uno de los cuales aparece en la
Tabla de cookies
) para ayudarnos a vender o a enviarle publicidad.  Exigimos que estos terceros y empresas se comprometan a cumplir con todas las leyes de protección de datos aplicables, a mantener toda la información compartida con ellos de manera confidencial y a utilizar la información sólo para cumplir con sus obligaciones para con nosotros. Lo anterior se alcanza mediante acuerdos con todos los terceros que tratan datos personales.
Si realiza una publicación en nuestro blog, su comentario e información estarán disponibles públicamente. Póngase en contacto con
support@outbrain.com
para eliminar su comentario.
Uso de servicios de terceros en Nuestros sitios.
Nuestros sitios contienen enlaces a otros sitios web que ni operamos ni son de nuestra propiedad. No controlamos, recomendamos ni respaldamos el contenido, los productos, los servicios, las políticas ni las prácticas de privacidad de estos sitios web de terceros. Por ejemplo, en Nuestros sitios encontrará iconos en los que podrá hacer clic y que le llevarán a la página de Facebook de Outbrain o a la página de LinkedIn de Outbrain. Si decide hacer clic en estos enlaces, debe saber que estos sitios web ni son propiedad ni están operados por Outbrain, por lo que estos terceros podrán enviar sus propias cookies a su dispositivo y podrán recopilar datos personales de forma independiente. Por lo tanto, es importante que conozca las políticas de privacidad de las páginas de estos terceros.
Consulte también el apartado
«Intercambio»
de la presente Política de privacidad.
(d)
Sus derechos
Nuestros
Términos de uso
rigen el uso que usted realiza de Nuestros sitios y también se le aplican a usted cuando interactúe con Nuestros sitios. Puede dejar de usar Nuestros sitios en cualquier momento. Si lo hace, es posible que también desee eliminar las cookies que hayamos colocado en cualquier dispositivo utilizado para acceder a Nuestros sitios, lo cual puede realizar mediante su explorador. Si durante su uso de Nuestros sitios proporciona su dirección de correo electrónico, cualquier correo electrónico que reciba de Outbrain incluirá la opción «darse de baja». Además, también podrá inhabilitar el envío de marketing directo escribiendo a
support@outbrain.com
.
Para los Visitantes del sitio en
territorio europeo
, Outbrain ha implementado una plataforma de gestión de consentimiento (impulsada por
One Trust
) en Nuestros sitios que brinda la oportunidad de otorgar o no su consentimiento a las cookies y tecnologías de seguimiento similares que empleamos. Después de acceder a Nuestros sitios, verá un banner en el centro de la página con información sobre las cookies que empleamos. Puede hacer clic en el banner para rechazar cualquier tipo de cookies (por ejemplo, aquellas sobre el proceso o las publicitarias) que no se consideren estrictamente necesarias (como se define en la Tabla de cookies). Al hacer clic en «Aceptar» en el banner, usted está aceptando las cookies así como tecnologías similares de seguimiento. La base legal de Outbrain para el tratamiento de datos personales de los Visitantes del sitio en el territorio europeo en Nuestros sitios es el consentimiento. Puede retirar su consentimiento en cualquier momento
Cookies Settings
. Por lo que respecta a todos los demás Visitantes del sitio no ubicados en territorios europeos, nos apoyamos en nuestro legítimo interés para procesar datos personales de cualquier tipo, si bien esto no impide que los Visitantes del sitio no ubicados en territorio no europeo retiren su consentimiento en cualquier momento a través de nuestra plataforma de gestión de consentimiento.
Usuarios:
Se considera que usted es un Usuario cuando visita una página de un sitio web o una aplicación de uno de los asociados de Outbrain en los que esté instalado el widget de Outbrain o aparezcan nuestras recomendaciones («
Sitios de asociados
»). Por ejemplo, si usted visita
https://news.sky.com/uk
,
www.spiegel.de
o
www.cnn.com
, el widget de Outbrain está implementado en dichos sitios web. Podrá reconocer que está interactuando con un widget de Outbrain cuando vea texto que hace referencia a Outbrain (p. ej., «Recomendado por Outbrain», «de Outbrain» junto a las recomendaciones. Si hace clic en la referencia hipervinculada de Outbrain, verá una
nota detallada
que le permitirá navegar al
Portal de interés de Outbrain
y hasta esta Política de privacidad donde puede elegir la opción de inhabilitar las recomendaciones personalizadas. En algunos casos, un asociado puede incluir en su propia oferta servicios de Outbrain con etiqueta blanca. En tales casos, dichos asociados deben especificar su uso de Outbrain en sus políticas de privacidad. Ver más
aquí
.
Ejemplo de un widget de Outbrain.
(a)
Qué información recopilamos y por qué
Utilizamos identificadores únicos de usuario (UUID, por sus siglas en inglés), direcciones IP y otra información de uso para poder ofrecer recomendaciones interesantes. Las recomendaciones de Outbrain pueden estar sujetas a pago por parte de un anunciante que le guiará mediante un vínculo a un nuevo sitio web o pueden ser orgánicas, de modo que dicho enlace conduzca a otra página del mismo sitio del asociado
UUID.
Si usted, como usuario, visita por primera vez un sitio de un asociado (p. ej., CNN.com), Outbrain colocará una cookie en su dispositivo con el fin de generar un UUID. Como alternativa, si usted interactúa por primera vez con un asociado utilizando la aplicación de dicho asociado, Outbrain recibirá su ID de anunciante, la cual está asignada a su dispositivo. Nosotros catalogamos y analizamos el contenido que usted consume en los sitios de los asociados. Nuestras recomendaciones se basan en: (i) un historial de navegación del UUID; (ii) patrones similares de navegación de otros Usuarios; (iii) recomendaciones que gozan de popularidad en general entre el público de Outbrain en ese momento; (iv) determinada aletoriedad, y (v) requisitos de identificación que pueden aportar o solicitar nuestros clientes de Amplify. A modo de ejemplo, Outbrain puede saber que el UUID 123 (que puede ser la de su iPhone X en The Guardian cuando utiliza Chrome como navegador) tiene interés en leer información sobre destinos de vacaciones lejanos y que las personas interesadas en leer sobre destinos de vacaciones lejanos también están interesadas en información sobre comida exótica. Cuando usted interactúa con Outbrain, nosotros no recopilamos datos personales típicos sobre usted, como su dirección de correo electrónico o su nombre, y por lo tanto no podemos asociar su nombre a su UUID (por ejemplo, no podemos saber que a John Smith, que tiene el UUID 123, le interesa leer artículos sobre destinos de vacaciones lejanos).
El UUID es una secuencia de números o letras. Este UUID se vincula automáticamente a su dispositivo y varía dependiendo de su combinación de navegadores. En otras palabras, Outbrain registra un UUID diferente dependiendo del dispositivo o navegador que utilice para acceder a los Sitios asociados. Por ejemplo, usted tendrá un UUID cuando acceda a un Sitio asociado desde su teléfono móvil utilizando el navegador Safari, y un UUID diferente cuando acceda a un Sitio asociado desde su iPad utilizando el navegador Safari. Outbrain combinará y consolidará un UUID de un dispositivo móvil (portátil o tablet) desde un navegador que accede posteriormente a una aplicación (o viceversa) desde el mismo dispositivo. Outbrain no ejecuta un
cross device tracking
y por lo tanto no puede vincular a un usuario que interactúa con Outbrain en su teléfono con el mismo usuario que interactúa con Outbrain desde su equipo de escritorio.
Dirección IP
Aparte de su UUID, reconocemos su dirección IP, la cual trasladamos al sistema geolocalización y eliminamos el último octeto para enmascarar la información de identificación. A continuación, utilizamos esta información enmascarada, en combinación con la información recibida de otros terceros asociados de confianza (como MaxMind), para determinar una referencia general de dónde se ubica usted (p. ej., en Nueva York). Outbrain reconocerá igualmente su dirección IP aunque inhabilite el seguimiento personalizado, ya que esto es necesario para poder seguir ofreciéndole recomendaciones contextuales, si bien, en este caso, su dirección IP no se asocia con su UUID y no forma parte de ningún perfil de usuario.
Otros datos relacionados con la utilización
Además de su UUID y su dirección IP, recopilamos también la siguiente información relacionada con usted en (a) sitios para dispositivos de escritorio y móviles: (i) Datos del Agente usuario: tipo de dispositivo (p. ej., iphone), tipo de navegador (p. ej., chrome), sistema operativo (p. ej. iOS); (ii) las páginas visitadas; (iii) la hora de la visita; y (iv) las URL de referencia y otra información que normalmente se transmite en las solicitudes HTTP.La información estadística mencionada anteriormente nos aporta información sobre cuántos Usuarios han visitado una página específica en nuestros Sitios asociados en los que está instalado el widget de Outbrain, cuánto tiempo ha permanecido cada Usuario en dicha página, el tipo de contenido de la página en cuestión en el que han hecho clic y cómo han interactuado en general con dicha página; y (b) en aplicaciones (i) versión de la aplicación (tal y como aparece en App Store o Play Store); (ii) ID de la aplicación o nombre de paquete (tal y como aparece en App Store o Play Store); (iii) sistema operativo (p. ej. IOS o Android); (iii) versión del sistema operativo; y (iv) modelo del dispositivo (p. ej. iPhone X).Esta información se considera personal si Outbrain la asocia a un UUID.
Puesto que Outbrain no tiene una relación directa con los Usuarios que interactúan con Sitios asociados, Outbrain parte de que sus asociados aplican los fundamentos legales según los cuales Outbrain puede procesar los datos personales. Cada asociado se basa en
(b)
Qué cookies y otras tecnologías similares utilizamos
Cookies de Outbrain
Píxeles de Outbrain
Píxeles de terceros
Cookies de Outbrain
Consulte en la
Tabla de cookies
under “Users” en el apartado «Usuarios» para obtener un listado detallado de las cookies de origen que utilizamos cuando usted interactúa con Sitios asociados en los que está implementada la tecnología de Outbrain.
Píxeles de Outbrain
Ademas del widget visible de Outbrain en los Sitios asociados, algunos anunciantes de Outbrain pueden implementar el píxel de Outbrain en sus sitios web. El píxel de Outbrain determina si un Usuario que accede a la página en la que está instalado el píxel tiene un UUID de Outbrain con el fin de proporcionar informes a los anunciantes en relación con su campaña particular. Si hay un UUID asociado a un usuario final, Outbrain permite a los anunciantes o bien redestinar dichos UUID y/o notifica a los anunciantes el número total de Usuarios (de forma acumulada y anónima) que han accedido a una página en particular (por ejemplo, un anunciante no puede saber que el UUID1234 se ha convertido, sino solamente que se ha producido una conversión). Outbrain no transfiere a sus anunciantes ningún dato personal (incluido su UUID) ni recopila ninguna otra información personal a través del píxel. Outbrain no combina la información recibida de la información de píxel de Outbrain con un perfil de UUID (por ejemplo, Outbrain solamente registra que se ha producido una conversión, y no que el UUID123 se ha convertido al acceder a la página elegida del anunciante). Exigimos a los anunciantes que revelen el uso del píxel de Outbrain en sus propios sitios web.
Outbrain también puede permitir a determinados terceros asociados de confianza recopilar datos a través de cookies suministradas por medio del widget de Outbrain. En tales casos, Outbrain no transfiere esta información recolectada sobre sus usuarios a dichos terceros, pero sí que les permite a estos terceros recopilar información directamente (incluyendo datos personales) mediante el widget para la prevención de fraudes y/o fines de seguridad o para proporcionar información de mediciones a anunciantes (tales como el numero de conversiones o impresiones). Esta recopilación de información se rige por las políticas de privacidad de los terceros.
Píxeles de terceros
Si hace clic en un enlace a una de nuestras recomendaciones, el anunciante que patrocina la recomendación puede colocar cookies (o cookies de terceros pertenecientes a terceros que actúan en nombre del anunciante ) en su dispositivo, bien a través de redireccionamiento antes de llegar a la página de destino de las recomendaciones o al llegar a la página de destino. Estas cookies se colocan con el fin de proporcionar análisis al anunciante relacionado con la campaña del mismo (por ejemplo, para ver cuántos usuarios han visto la campaña del anunciante). Exigimos a nuestros anunciantes que revelen el uso de píxeles de terceros y/o cookies para los usuarios finales a través su sitio web. Estas cookies y/o píxeles se agregan a discreción única de nuestros anunciantes, por lo que usted queda sujeto al aviso de privacidad del anunciante y/o a su política de privacidad.
(c)
Cómo podemos intercambiar información
Nuestros socios
Outbrain no comparte con terceros ni vende a terceros perfiles de usuario completos. No obstante, podemos compartir determinados elementos de un perfil de usuario (por ejemplo, el UUID) con los siguientes socios, incluyendo:
socios de seguridad de la marca, de análisis y de prevención de fraudes;
plataformas de demanda (DSP) y plataformas SSP;
Ad Exchanges y/o redes; y
plataformas de gestión de demanda.
Consulte
aquí
un listado de algunos de nuestros socios de confianza.  Además, podemos recopilar y/ o compartir una serie de datos personales con socios de confianza en virtud de su participación en la OpenRTB. Muchos de estos socios están registrados como vendedores globales adscritos al TCF (marco regulatorio de consentimiento y transparencia) de la Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) y pueden encontrarse
aquí
.
(d)
Sus derechos
Inhabilitación de Outbrain en sitios para dispositivos de escritorio y móviles
Inhabilitación de Outbrain en sitios para dispositivos de escritorio y móviles.
Usted puede inhabilitar el envío (opt out) de recomendaciones personalizadas de Outbrain (o, si las ha inhabilitado, volver a suscribirlas) en cualquier momento desplazando el botón más abajo. Asimismo, puede inhabilitar el envío de recomendaciones personalizadas a través del
Perfil de interés
de Outbrain, que es un sitio web que ofrece una visualización general de los datos que Outbrain tiene sobre usted y que puede utilizar para emitir sus recomendaciones.
Inhabilitación de Outbrain en aplicaciones
Inhabilitación de Outbrain en aplicaciones.
Para inhabilitar las recomendaciones de Outbrain en sus aplicaciones móviles puede seguir los pasos que se indican a continuación:
Dispositivos iOS: Configuración > Privacidad > Publicidad > Limitar seguimiento de anuncios
Dispositivos Android: Aplicación de configuración de Google > Anuncios > Inhabilitar personalización de anuncios
Tenga en cuenta que la inhabilitación a través de su Perfil de interés y/o de esta Política de privacidad no implica la inhabilitación del seguimiento personalizado en sus aplicaciones. Esta inhabilitación debe realizarse a través de la configuración de su dispositivo.
Otras opciones de inhabilitación
.
Otras opciones de inhabilitación.
También puede inhabilitar la recepción de anuncios personalizados enviados por nosotros u otras compañías anunciantes mediante herramientas de iniciativas del sector como la NAI o las distintas páginas basadas en la DAA (DAA,
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
; DAAC,
www.youradchoices.ca/choices
, y/o EDAA
www.youronlinechoices.eu
). Visitar las páginas de elección del consumidor de la NAI, DAA, DAAC o EDAA le permitirá inhabilitar todos o algunos de los servicios de los miembros participantes. Al igual que la inhabilitación a través de Outbrain, estas opciones de inhabilitación no significan que no vaya a dejar de recibir publicidad, sino que los anuncios que reciba no estarán personalizados según sus preferencias. Por lo tanto, seguirá recibiendo publicidad, por ejemplo, basada en el sitio web en particular que esté visitando (es decir, anuncios basados en el contexto). Del mismo modo, si sus navegadores están configurados para rechazar cookies cuando visite las páginas de atención al consumidor de la DAA, DAAC o EDAA, su inhabilitación no tendrá efecto, puesto que está basada en cookies.
Información IMPORTANTE
Aunque haya inhabilitado las recomendaciones personalizadas de Outbrain:
Seguirá viendo las recomendaciones de Outbrain.
Inhabilitar el seguimiento personalizado de Outbrain no significa que vaya a dejar de recibir recomendaciones de Outbrain. En lugar de ello, las recomendaciones de Outbrain que reciba no serán personalizadas (es decir, serán recomendaciones basadas en el contexto).
Su inhabilitación está basada en cookies y es específica para el dispositivo/navegador.
Si navega por la página web desde varios dispositivos o navegadores, deberá inhabilitar cada dispositivo o navegador para asegurarse de que no realizamos el seguimiento personalizado en ninguno ellos. Por la misma razón, si compra un dispositivo nuevo, cambia de navegador o borra (o limpia) la cookie de inhabilitación tendrá que inhabilitarla de nuevo. Inhabilitar el seguimiento personalizado no es lo mismo que bloquear las cookies.
No deberá habilitar las recomendaciones de Outbrain durante al menos 21 días, ya que la eliminación de su perfil está vinculada a su UUID.
Su inhabilitación de las recomendaciones personalizadas de Outbrain será efectiva de manera inmediata. No obstante, si su navegador permite el almacenamiento local y usted habilita las recomendaciones personalizadas de Outbrain (por ejemplo, al aceptar un banner de cookie) en un plazo de 21 días después de inhabilitarlas, es posible que su perfil anterior vuelva a conectarse con su UUID. Si no habilita Outbrain en un plazo de 21 días, se eliminará su perfil y no podrá recuperarse.
Como la mayoría de las cookies de inhabilitación, la opción de inhabilitación en el navegador de Outbrain se basa en una cookie.
La cookie de inhabilitación está diseñada con efecto persistente para atender a las preferencias del usuario. Sin embargo, la función de «Prevención de seguimiento inteligente» de iOS11 puede afectar a la persistencia de las cookies entre sitios web por espacio de las siguientes 24 horas. Recomendamos utilizar otro navegador o considerar el bloqueo de las todas las cookies de terceros en el navegador para lograr ser «inhabilitado» sin necesidad de supeditarse a ningún método de inhabilitación efectivo de la compañía.
Su memoria local no se borra.
Aunque haya inhabilitado las recomendaciones personalizadas de Outbrain, su memoria local no se borrará automáticamente y por lo tanto deberá hacerlo usted a través del navegador además de la inhabilitación.
Socios comerciales:
Usted se convierte en Socio comercial cuando se registra (o envía un correo electrónico a Outbrain) en nombre de la compañía para la que trabaja para utilizar los Servicios Outbrain Amplify o Outbrain Engage. Ver más
aquí
.
(a)
Qué información recopilamos y por qué
Puede que usted proporcione ciertos datos personales (como su nombre y/o la dirección de correo electrónico) cuando se suscriba a los servicios de Amplify o Engage o alternativamente cuando se ponga en contacto o interactúe con nosotros. Si solicita convertirse en Socio comercial, es posible que le solicitemos información adicional a través de formularios de solicitud de anunciantes, órdenes de inserción y otros formularios. Asimismo, recopilamos automáticamente información acerca de las acciones de su nombre de usuario en el panel de control de Outbrain. Por ejemplo, como un Socio comercial de Amplify, si usted cambia el coste por clic para una de sus campañas, el registro de auditoría de Outbrain tendrá un registro de todas esas acciones.
Recopilamos y tratamos los datos personales anteriores con el fin de cumplir nuestras obligaciones en virtud de nuestro acuerdo como Socio comercial (o posible Socio comercial) con usted, incluido para:
responder a sus preguntas y solicitudes;
proporcionarle acceso a determinadas funciones y características de nuestros servicios Amplify o Engage (p. ej., para poner a disposición y mantener su cuenta del panel de control);
verificar su identidad; e
informarle sobre su cuenta, nuestros productos y promociones disponibles que puedan ser relevantes para su uso del servicio Amplify o Engage.
(b)
Qué cookies y otras tecnologías similares utilizamos
Consulte en esta
Tabla de cookies
el apartado «Socios comerciales» para obtener un listado de las cookies de origen y de terceros (y sus correspondientes periodos de retención) que utilizamos con los socios comerciales.
(c)
Cómo podemos compartir la información con otros
Podemos revelar cierta información de los Socios comerciales a proveedores, contratistas u otros que ayuden a Outbrain a prestar los servicios (por ejemplo, procesamiento de tarjetas de crédito). Consulte también el apartado «Intercambio» de la presente Política de privacidad.
(d)
Sus derechos
Si como Socio comercial desea verificar, corregir, actualizar o solicitar la desactivación de su información, puede ir al panel de control de Outbrain para editar sus preferencias de perfil o ponerse en contacto con nosotros en
support@outbrain.com
. Si está recibiendo correos electrónicos de Outbrain, puede «darse de baja» haciendo uso del enlace en el correo electrónico. Tenga en cuenta que la cancelación de la suscripción no le inhabilitará las notificaciones que sean críticas para proporcionar los servicios de Amplify o Engage (por ejemplo, facturas por correo electrónico).
(e)
Base legal
La base legal de Outbrain para el tratamiento de datos personales de Socios comerciales es el acuerdo contractual.
4.
Medidas de seguridad, transmisiones fuera del EEE, intercambio y retención de datos
+
Seguridad
Transferencias de datos fuera de la UE/EEE
Intercambio
Retención de datos
Seguridad
Outbrain tiene un equipo de seguridad específico. Mantenemos un estricto control de los datos personales que recopilamos y los retenemos en bases de datos seguras y protegidas por cortafuegos con derechos de acceso estrictamente limitados y controlados, para garantizar su seguridad. Consulte
normas de seguridad
para obtener más información.
Los socios comerciales tienen acceso a determinadas funciones protegidas por contraseña del servicio Amplify o Engage. Los Socios comerciales son responsables de mantener la confidencialidad de la contraseña y de asegurar que lo hagan igualmente sus empleados y/o agentes. No olvide que, lamentablemente, la transmisión de información a través de internet nunca es completamente segura. El «spoofing» o «phishing» son algunas de las estafas más comunes en Internet. Esto se produce cuando recibe un correo electrónico que parece proceder de una fuente legítima que le solicita datos personales. Tenga en cuenta que no le enviaremos ningún correo electrónico solicitándole que verifique la información de su tarjeta de crédito, bancaria o cualquier otro dato personal. Si alguna vez recibe un correo electrónico que parece ser de nuestra parte solicitándole dicha información, no responda a él y no haga clic en ninguno de los enlaces que aparecen en el correo electrónico. En su lugar, reenvíenos el correo electrónico a
legal@outbrain.com
, ya que investigaremos casos de posible fraude en Internet.
Transferencias de datos fuera de la UE/EEE
Cuando transferimos datos personales desde el Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE) garantizamos que dichas transferencias se realizan de conformidad con las leyes de protección de datos relevantes, incluidas, si son de aplicación, las cláusulas contractuales tipo de la UE o una decisión de adecuación de la Comisión Europea en virtud del artículo 25(6) de la Directiva 95/46/CE o el artículo 45 del RGPD. Expresado de otro modo, sus derechos y protecciones quedan adheridos a sus datos y nosotros hacemos uso de cláusulas contractuales aprobadas y otras medidas destinadas a garantizar que los destinatarios de sus datos personales se encarguen de protegerlos. Outbrain ha establecido las cláusulas contractuales tipo entre las entidades de Outbrain para gestionar la transferencia de datos fuera del EEE.
Intercambio
Además de la descripción de cómo podemos revelar sus datos personales en función de cada tipo de usuario, también podemos revelar datos personales de la siguiente manera:
Dentro de la familia de empresas controladas por Outbrain por razones internas, principalmente con fines comerciales y operativos.
Si pasamos por una transición de negocios, como una fusión, adquisición por otra compañía o venta de todos o parte de nuestros activos, es probable que sus datos personales se encuentren entre los activos transferidos.
Cuando la ley así lo requiera (por ejemplo, para cooperar con investigaciones de las fuerzas del orden u otros procedimientos legales).
Para responder a una verdadera emergencia.
Además, combinamos sus datos personales con los de otros usuarios para compartir información sobre tendencias y acumular estadísticas de usuarios con terceros, siempre de forma agregada y anonimizada.
Retención de datos
El período de retención para cada una de las cookies que utiliza Outbrain (ya sea por su cuenta o en nuestro nombre por parte de terceros) se indica en la
Tabla de cookies
. Más específicamente, la cookie de Outbrain (Obuid), que se utiliza para el seguimiento de acciones de los usuarios, tales como clics, expira tres (3) meses después de que un usuario visite un sitio en particular dentro de nuestra red, si bien esta cookie se restablecerá si el usuario vuelve a visitar el mismo sitio u otro sitio de nuestra red. Del mismo modo, no retenemos ningún punto de datos individual de un usuario durante más de 13 meses. Por ejemplo, si el UUID 123 leyó un artículo el 31 de diciembre de 2018, el 1 de febrero de 2019 dicho artículo dejó de formar parte del perfil del UUID 123.
Outbrain también mantiene una Política de Retención de Datos que detalla el período de retención de datos personales sobre la base de nuestro análisis sobre cuánto tiempo es necesario retener razonablemente los datos específicos para fines legales o comerciales. Cuando ya no necesitamos datos personales, los borraremos o destruiremos de forma segura. Los datos agregados, que no puedan identificar un dispositivo/navegador (o a una persona) y se utilicen con fines de información y análisis, se mantendrán durante el tiempo que sea necesario desde el punto de vista comercial.
5.
Niños y datos sensibles
+
Niños
Ninguno de nuestros servicios está dirigido intencionadamente a niños menores de 16 años. No recopilamos de manera consciente datos personales de ninguna persona menor de 16 años de edad. Si en el momento de la recopilación determinamos que un Visitante del sitio, un Usuario o un Socio comercial es menor de 16 años, no utilizaremos ni mantendremos sus datos personales. Si tenemos constancia de que sin saberlo hemos recopilado datos personales de un menor de 16 años, haremos todos los esfuerzos razonables para eliminar dicha información de nuestros registros. ¡Si eres un niño, ve a jugar al patio, no uses ni interactúes con Outbrain!
Datos sensibles
No recopilamos ni recibimos ninguna categoría sensible de datos personales.
6.
Visitantes del territorio europeo
+
De conformidad con determinadas leyes relativas a la privacidad, en particular el Reglamento General de Protección de Datos europeo (RGPD), Outbrain otorga derechos adicionales específicos a las personas individuales que interactúan con Outbrain, como el derecho de acceso, de rectificación, de objeción, de reclamación, de eliminación y de bloqueo. En términos más específicos y bajo determinadas circunstancias:
El derecho a solicitar información sobre si procesamos datos personales y cuáles, así como el derecho a solicitar la rectificación o modificación de dichos datos personales.
El derecho a solicitar el borrado de los datos personales.
El derecho a solicitar la restricción del tratamiento de los datos personales.
El derecho a retirar su consentimiento para el tratamiento y uso de sus datos total o parcialmente en cualquier momento a través de una solicitud en el futuro.
El derecho a obtener sus datos personales en un formato común, estructurado y legible mecánicamente.
Contacte a nuestro responsable de protección de datos para plantear preguntas, presentar sugerencias, reclamaciones o solicitudes en relación con nuestra declaración de protección de datos y el tratamiento de sus datos personales.
El derecho a presentar una reclamación ante la autoridad supervisora responsable si cree que el tratamiento de sus datos personales infringe la legislación.
Además de lo anterior, hacemos referencia a ciertos derechos de los ciudadanos del territorio europeo a través de la presente Política de Privacidad. Según el RGPD, se entienden como ciudadanos de «
Territorios europeos
» los del Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE), el Espacio Europeo de Libre Comercio (EFTA) y Suiza. A los efectos de la presente Política de privacidad, el término «territorio europeo» seguirá incluyendo al Reino Unido, incluso después de que el Reino Unido abandone el Espacio Económico Europeo tras el
Brexit
.
Si tiene cualquier pregunta en relación al ejercicio de los derechos mencionados más arriba, envíe un correo electrónico a
Privacy@outbrain.com
.
7.
Declaración de «no rastreo» (
Do Not Track
)
+
Algunos navegadores transmiten señales de «no rastreo» (DNT, por sus siglas en inglés) a sitios web. Debido a que no existe una idea común de cómo interpretar la señal DNT, Outbrain no altera, cambia ni responde actualmente a las peticiones o señales DNT de estos navegadores. Seguiremos supervisando la actividad del sector en esta área y volveremos a evaluar nuestras prácticas de DNT según sea necesario. Entretanto, puede utilizar todas las demás herramientas que ponemos a disposición para controlar la recopilación y el uso de los datos, incluida la posibilidad de inhabilitar la recepción de recomendaciones personalizadas en el apartado Usuarios.
8.
Cómo puede cambiar esta Política de privacidad
+
Es posible que añadamos cambios de forma periódica a esta Política de privacidad. En este caso, incorporaremos un aviso en primer plano claramente visible para usted como Visitante del sitio o como Socio comercial, pero no disponemos de medio alguno para informar a los Usuarios de una actualización mediante notificación. Le recomendamos que consulte con regularidad si la Política de privacidad ha sido modificada, lo cual podrá comprobar fácilmente ya que indicamos siempre la fecha de la última modificación de la Política de privacidad en la parte superior de la página.
Effective February 16th 2022
Download
Politique de confidentialité
Outbrain s’engage à protéger vos données à caractère personnel. Cette politique de confidentialité (la «
Politique de confidentialité
») régit l’utilisation par Outbrain des données collectées par nous, notamment toutes les données à caractère personnel quelles qu’elles soient. Par données à caractère personnel, on entend les informations qui vous concernent et permettent éventuellement de vous identifier. Nous utilisons vos données à caractère personnel conformément aux lois en vigueur. Afin de garantir la conformité et de nous aligner sur les valeurs d’Outbrain en matière de confiance et de transparence, nous disposons d’une équipe de « privacy champions » chargés de mettre en œuvre en continu notre programme mondial de respect de la vie privée.
+ ESPANDI TUTTO
– TOUT RÉDUIRE
1.
Qui nous sommes, ce que nous faisons, comment contacter Outbrain, notre DPO ou les autorités compétentes
+
Qui nous sommes :
La présente politique de confidentialité s’applique à Outbrain Inc., une société du Delaware (États-Unis) dont le siège se trouve à New York, et à ses succursales affiliées (collectivement désignées par les termes «
Outbrain
», ou «
nous
», «
notre
», «
nos
»). Nous exerçons nos activités dans différents bureaux situés dans plusieurs pays et nous travaillons en partenariat avec des éditeurs et des annonceurs du monde entier.
Veuillez noter que la succursale d’Outbrain, Zemanta Inc., dispose d’une Politique de confidentialité distincte qui est consultable
ici
.
Ce que nous faisons :
Outbrain a pour mission de vous proposer des recommandations pertinentes que nous pensons susceptibles de vous intéresser. Pour remplir cette mission, nous concluons des accords avec :
des éditeurs et des partenaires qui souhaitent recommander des contenus pertinents à leurs utilisateurs (il s’agit d’Outbrain Engage) ;
des annonceurs qui souhaitent que les utilisateurs visualisent leurs contenus (il s’agit d’
Outbrain Amplify
) ; et
des partenaires tiers qui nous aident à proposer des recommandations pertinentes.
Pour en savoir plus sur nos services Amplify (annonceurs), rendez-vous
ici
et sur nos services Engage (éditeurs), rendez-vous
ici
.
Comment nous contacter :
Nous vérifions régulièrement que nous respectons cette Politique de confidentialité. Les questions, commentaires et demandes concernant cette Politique de confidentialité sont les bienvenus. Ils doivent être adressés en premier lieu par e-mail à
privacy@outbrain.com
ou par courrier à
Outbrain Inc., 222 Broadway 19th Floor, New York, NY 10038, Attn: Privacy Questions
.
Si Outbrain ne répond pas de manière satisfaisante à vos questions ou inquiétudes, vous pouvez également contacter, pour des conseils, une assistance ou des réclamations :
le délégué à la protection des données externe d’Outbrain (« DPO ») : ePrivacy GmbH, représenté par Christoph Bauer. Vous pouvez joindre directement ePrivacy GmbH à l’adresse dpo@outbrain.com ; et/ou
Information Commissioner’s Officer
, le service de supervision principal d’Outbrain pour les pays européens.
2.
Alliances et adhésion
+
Nous adhérons aux principes d’autorégulation définis par la
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA) et la
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA) ;
Nous sommes membres de plein droit de la
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI), une association dédiée à la collecte et l’utilisation responsables des données à des fins de publicité numérique. Nous adhérons également au code de bonne conduite de la NAI pour le Web et les appareils mobiles. Outbrain adhère aussi aux principes d’autorégulation de l’Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) pour la publicité comportementale en ligne et à l’OBA Framework de l’IAB Europe.
Nous avons également reçu la certification
JICWEBS DTSG Brand Safety
ici
.
3.
Types d’utilisateurs Outbrain (y compris les Options d’exclusion)
+
La majeure partie de cette Politique de confidentialité est divisée en sections basées sur la manière dont vous interagissez avec Outbrain. Vous êtes un Visiteur des sites, un Utilisateur et/ou un Partenaire commercial (comme défini ci-après). Veuillez déterminer quel type d’utilisateur vous êtes. Pour chaque type d’utilisateur, nous avons expliqué quelles informations nous collectons et pourquoi, quels témoins de connexion ou « cookies » et autres technologies similaires nous utilisons, comment nous partageons ces informations, et vos droits.
Visiteurs des sites :
vous êtes un Visiteur des sites quand vous consultez et interagissez avec
nos
sites Web,
nos
pages Web,
nos
fonctionnalités interactives,
nos
blogs et leur contenu sur
Outbrain.com
(ou tout autre site dérivé comme Outbrain.co.uk ; Outbrain.fr ; outbrain.de etc.) («
Nos Sites
»). Cliquez ici pour en savoir
plus
.
（a）
Quelles informations nous collectons et pourquoi
Nous souhaitons comprendre quels services sur Nos Sites vous intéressent et vous rappeler les services que nous proposons quand vous n’êtes pas sur Nos Sites. Pour ce faire, nous collectons les informations suivantes à partir de votre appareil : (i) l’adresse IP; (ii) les données agent utilisateur : le type d’appareil (ex. : iPhone), le type de navigateur (ex. : Chrome), le système d’exploitation (ex. : iOS) ; (iii) les pages visitées sur Nos Sites (ex. : la page « À propos » d’Outbrain ») ; (iv) l’heure de visite (et le fuseau horaire correspondant) ; et (v) les URL correspondantes et autres informations normalement transmises dans les requêtes HTTP (par exemple, informations indiquant comment vous êtes arrivé sur Nos Sites).
De plus, nous pouvons aussi collecter votre nom et votre adresse e-mail si vous acceptez de nous envoyer vos détails sur Nos Sites (par exemple, en vous inscrivant à notre lettre d’information).
（b）
Quels cookies et autres technologies similaires nous utilisons
Veuillez consulter cette
Table des cookies
, qui est mise à jour ponctuellement, sous la section « Visiteurs des sites » pour obtenir la liste détaillée des cookies propriétaires et tiers (et leur période de conservation respective) qui peuvent être utilisés lorsque vous consultez Nos Sites.
（c）
Comment nous sommes susceptibles de partager les informations
Le partage des informations que nous obtenons sur vous sur nos Sites.
Nous ne vendons pas et/ou ne partageons pas les données à caractère personnel vous concernant avec des tiers à des fins de marketing ou de publicité.  Nous faisons appel à des tiers divers (chacun d’entre eux étant répertorié dans la
Table des cookies
) pour nous aider dans nos démarches commerciales et publicitaires envers vous.  Nous demandons à ces tiers et entreprises d’accepter de respecter l’ensemble des lois en vigueur en matière de protection des données, de préserver la confidentialité de toutes les informations que nous partageons avec eux et de ne les utiliser que pour remplir leurs obligations envers nous. À cette fin, nous concluons des accords avec tous les tiers qui traitent les données à caractère personnel.
Si vous publiez un post sur notre blog, vos commentaires et informations seront disponibles publiquement. Veuillez contacter
support@outbrain.com
pour supprimer vos commentaires.
Utilisation de services de tiers sur nos Sites.
Nos Sites contiennent des liens vers d’autres sites Web dont nous ne sommes ni les propriétaires, ni les exploitants. Nous ne contrôlons, ne recommandons et ne cautionnons pas le contenu, les produits, les services, les politiques de confidentialité ou les pratiques de ces sites Web tiers. Vous noterez par exemple sur Nos Sites la présence d’icônes sur lesquelles vous pouvez cliquer pour accéder à la page Facebook ou LinkedIn d’Outbrain. Si vous choisissez de cliquer sur ces liens, vous devez savoir que ces sites ne sont pas détenus ou exploités par Outbrain et, par conséquent, ces sites Web tiers peuvent déposer leurs propres cookies sur votre appareil et collecter indépendamment des données à caractère personnel. Il est donc important que vous vous familiarisiez avec les politiques de confidentialité de ces sites Web tiers.
Veuillez aussi consulter la section
Partage
de la présente Politique de confidentialité.
(d)
Vos droits
Nos
Conditions d’utilisation
régissent votre utilisation de Nos Sites et s’appliquent à vous lorsque vous interagissez avec Nos Sites. Vous pouvez cesser d’utiliser Nos Sites à tout moment. Dans ce cas, vous souhaiterez peut-être aussi supprimer tout cookie placé sur les appareils, quels qu’ils soient, utilisés pour accéder à Nos Sites. Cette opération peut s’effectuer via votre navigateur. Si vous avez fourni une adresse e-mail lors de l’utilisation de Nos Sites, chaque e-mail que vous recevez de la part d’Outbrain comporte une option de désabonnement (« unsubscribe »). De plus, vous pouvez aussi demander votre exclusion du marketing direct en envoyant un e-mail à l’adresse
support@outbrain.com
.
Pour les Visiteurs des sites de
Pays européens
, Outbrain a mis en place une plateforme de gestion du consentement (exploitée par
One Trust
) sur Nos Sites qui vous donne la possibilité d’accepter, ou de refuser, les cookies et autres technologies de suivi similaires. Lors de l’accès à Nos Sites, vous verrez une bannière au centre de la page avec des informations sur les cookies que nous utilisons. Vous pouvez cliquer sur la bannière pour refuser les cookies (par exemple, les cookies de performance ou les cookies de ciblage) qui ne sont pas des cookies strictement nécessaires (au sens défini dans la Table des cookies). En cliquant sur « J’accepte » dans la bannière, vous indiquez que vous acceptez les cookies et les technologies de suivi similaires. La base juridique d’Outbrain pour le traitement des données à caractère personnel des Visiteurs des sites de Pays européens sur Nos Sites est le consentement. Vous pouvez retirer votre consentement à tout moment
Cookies Settings
. Concernant tous les autres Visiteurs des sites qui ne sont pas basés dans des Pays européens, nous faisons valoir notre intérêt légitime pour le traitement des données à caractère personnel. Toutefois, cela n’exclut pas que les Visiteurs des sites de Pays non européens retirent leur consentement à tout moment sur notre plateforme de gestion du consentement.
Utilisateurs :
vous êtes un Utilisateur si vous visitez la page d’un site ou une application d’un des partenaires d’Outbrain sur laquelle le widget Outbrain est installé ou sur laquelle nos recommandations figurent (les «
Sites de partenaires »
). Par exemple, si vous consultez
https://news.sky.com/uk
,
www.spiegel.de
ou
www.cnn.com
, le widget Outbrain est exécuté sur ces sites Web. Les mentions référençant Outbrain (ex. : « Recommandé par Outbrain », « by Outbrain » à côté des recommandations) vous indiquent la présence d’un widget Outbrain. Si vous cliquez sur le lien de la référence Outbrain, vous visualiserez une
notification détaillée
qui vous permettra d’accéder au
Portail d’intérêts Outbrain
et à la présente Politique de confidentialité dans laquelle vous pouvez demander votre exclusion des recommandations personnalisées. Parfois, un partenaire peut avoir un service d’Outbrain générique pour sa propre offre. Dans ce cas, ces partenaires doivent préciser leur utilisation d’Outbrain dans leurs politiques de confidentialité. Cliquez ici pour en savoir
plus
.
Exemple de widget Outbrain
(a)
Quelles informations nous collectons et pourquoi
Nous utilisons les UUID, l’adresse IP et d’autres informations d’usage afin de proposer des recommandations intéressantes. Les recommandations d’Outbrain peuvent être payées par un annonceur pour vous mettre en relation avec un nouveau site Web. Elles peuvent aussi être organiques avec un lien vers une autre page du site du même partenaire.
UUID.
Quand vous consultez un Site de Partenaire (ex. : CNN.com) en tant qu’Utilisateur pour la première fois, Outbrain dépose un cookie sur votre appareil afin de générer un UUID. De même, si vous interagissez pour la première fois avec un Partenaire en utilisant l’application du Partenaire, Outbrain reçoit l’identifiant d’annonceur qui vous est attribué par votre appareil. Nous répertorions et analysons le contenu que vous consommez sur les Sites de Partenaires. Nos recommandations se basent sur : (i) l’historique de navigation des UUID ; (ii) les profils de consommation similaires d’autres Utilisateurs ; (iii) les recommandations généralement populaires auprès des utilisateurs d’Outbrain à ce moment-là ; (iv) quelques données aléatoires ; et (v) les exigences de ciblage éventuellement fournies ou demandées par nos clients Amplify. À titre d’exemple, Outbrain peut savoir que l’UUID 123 (cela pourrait être vous sur votre iPhone X lisant The Guardian en utilisant Chrome comme navigateur) aime lire des articles sur les destinations de vacances lointaines et que les personnes qui aiment lire ce type d’article aiment aussi les contenus sur la nourriture exotique. Lorsque vous interagissez avec Outbrain, nous ne collectons pas les données à caractère personnel traditionnelles auprès de vous, comme le nom ou l’adresse e-mail, nous ne pouvons donc pas associer votre nom avec votre UUID (par exemple, nous ne savons pas que Jean Dupont, qui est aussi l’UUID 123, aime lire des articles sur les destinations de vacances lointaines).
L’UUID est une séquence de chiffres et/ou de lettres. Cet UUID est rattaché à votre appareil et varie en fonction du navigateur que vous lui associez. Autrement dit, Outbrain enregistre un UUID différent selon le navigateur et/ou appareil que vous utilisez pour accéder aux Sites de Partenaires. Vous aurez, par exemple, un UUID quand vous consultez un Site de Partenaire depuis votre téléphone portable avec le navigateur Safari et un autre UUID pour la consultation d’un Site de Partenaire depuis votre iPad avec le navigateur Safari. Outbrain combinera et consolidera l’UUID depuis un appareil mobile (portable ou tablette) avec un navigateur qui accède ensuite à l’application (ou inversement) à partir du même appareil. Outbrain n’effectue aucun suivi entre les appareils et ne peut donc pas identifier un utilisateur interagissant avec Outbrain sur son téléphone comme étant le même utilisateur que celui qui interagit avec Outbrain sur son ordinateur portable.
Adresse IP
Outre votre UUID, nous reconnaissons votre adresse IP que nous convertissons en position géographique et supprimons le dernier octet pour masquer les informations d’identification. Nous exploitons ensuite ces informations masquées, conjointement avec des informations que nous recevons d’autres partenaires tiers de confiance (tels que MaxMind) pour bien identifier votre localisation (par exemple, Paris). Outbrain continuera de reconnaître votre adresse IP même si vous demandez votre exclusion du suivi personnalisé, car cela est nécessaire pour continuer à proposer des recommandations basées sur le contexte. Toutefois, dans ce cas, votre adresse IP n’est pas associée à votre UUID et ne figurera dans aucun profil utilisateur.
Autres informations d’utilisation
Outre votre UUID et votre adresse IP, nous collectons également auprès de vous les informations suivantes (a) sur les sites Web pour mobile et ordinateur de bureau : (i) les données agent utilisateur : le type d’appareil (ex. : iPhone), le type de navigateur (ex. : Chrome), le système d’exploitation (ex. : iOS) ; (ii) les pages visitées ; (iii) l’heure de visite ; et (iv) les URL correspondantes et autres informations normalement transmises dans les requêtes HTTP.Les informations statistiques ci-dessus nous donnent des informations sur le nombre d’Utilisateurs consultant une page spécifique sur nos Sites de Partenaires sur lesquels le widget Outbrain est installé, le temps que chaque Utilisateur a passé sur cette page, le type de contenu sur cette page sur lequel ils ont cliqué et la manière générale dont ils ont interagi avec cette page ; et (b) sur les applications : (i) la version de l’application (telle qu’elle apparaît dans App Store ou Play Store) ; (ii) l’ID de l’application ou le nom de package (tel qu’il apparaît dans App Store ou Play Store) ; (iii) le système d’exploitation (ex. : iOS ou Android) ; (iii) la version du système d’exploitation ; et (iv) le modèle d’appareil (ex. : iPhone X). Ces informations sont assimilées à des données à caractère personnel si Outbrain les associe à un UUID.
Outbrain n’ayant aucune relation directe avec les Utilisateurs interagissant avec les Sites de Partenaires, Outbrain s’appuie sur ses partenaires pour déterminer la base juridique sur laquelle Outbrain peut traiter les données à caractère personnel. Chaque site de partenaire s’appuie sur
(b)
Cookies et autres technologies similaires nous utilisons
Cookies Outbrain
Pixels Outbrain
Pixel Tiers
Cookies Outbrain
Veuillez consulter la
Tables des cookies
sous « Utilisateurs » pour obtenir la liste détaillée des Cookies propriétaires que nous utilisons quand vous interagissez avec des Sites de Partenaires où la technologie Outbrain est mise en œuvre.
Pixels Outbrain
En complément du widget visible d’Outbrain sur nos Sites de Partenaires, certains annonceurs Outbrain peuvent mettre en œuvre le pixel Outbrain sur leurs sites Web. Le pixel Outbrain détermine si l’Utilisateur qui atteint la page où le pixel est installé a un UUID Outbrain afin de livrer un rapport aux annonceurs concernant leur campagne spécifique. S’il existe un UUID associé avec un utilisateur final, Outbrain permet aux annonceurs de recibler ces UUID et/ou leur indique le nombre total d’Utilisateurs (sur une base agrégée et anonymisée) ayant atteint cette page (par exemple, un annonceur ne connaît pas cet UUID1234 converti, mais sait seulement qu’une conversion a eu lieu). Outbrain ne transmet pas de données à caractère personnel à ses annonceurs (y compris votre UUID) et ne collecte pas d’autres données à caractère personnel via le pixel. Outbrain ne combine aucune information reçue du pixel Outbrain avec le profil d’un UUID (par exemple, Outbrain sait seulement qu’une conversion a eu lieu et ignore que l’UUID123 s’est converti lorsqu’il a atteint la page sélectionnée de l’annonceur). Nous exigeons des annonceurs qu’ils révèlent l’utilisation du pixel Outbrain sur leurs propres sites Web.
Outbrain peut aussi autoriser certains partenaires tiers de confiance à collecter des données via les cookies fournis par le biais du widget Outbrain. Dans ce cas, Outbrain ne transmet pas à ces tiers les données qu’Outbrain collecte sur ses Utilisateurs, mais autorise lesdits tiers à collecter directement des données (y compris des données à caractère personnel) via le widget à des fins de lutte contre la fraude et/ou de sécurité, ou pour fournir des informations de mesure aux annonceurs (telles que le nombre de conversions et/ou d’impressions). Cette collecte est régie par la politique de confidentialité de ces tiers.
Pixel Tiers
Si vous cliquez sur le lien d’une de nos recommandations, l’annonceur qui sponsorise la recommandation est susceptible de placer des cookies (ou des cookies tiers de tiers agissant pour le compte de l’annonceur) sur votre appareil lors de la redirection avant d’arriver sur la page de destination des recommandations ou en atteignant la page de destination. Ces cookies sont déposés dans le but de fournir des analyses à l’annonceur concernant sa campagne (par exemple, pour voir combien d’utilisateurs ont vu la campagne de l’annonceur). Nous exigeons de nos annonceurs qu’ils révèlent l’utilisation de pixels et/ou de cookies tiers aux utilisateurs finaux via leur site Web. Ces cookies et/ou ces pixels étant ajoutés à la seule discrétion de nos annonceurs, vous serez soumis à la notification de confidentialité et/ou à la politique de confidentialité de cet annonceur.
(c)
Comment nous sommes susceptibles de partager les informations
Nos Partenaires
Outbrain ne partage pas et/ou ne vend pas les profils complets des Utilisateurs avec des tiers, quels qu’ils soient. Cependant, nous pouvons partager certains éléments d’un profil utilisateur (par exemple, l’UUID) avec les partenaires suivants, y compris les :
Partenaires spécialisés dans la sécurité de marque, l’analyse et la fraude ;
Plateformes côté demande (DSP) et Plateformes côté offre (SSP) ;
Bourses d’annonces et/ou réseaux d’annonces ; et
Plateformes de gestion de la demande.
Rendez-vous
ici
pour consulter la liste de certains de nos partenaires de confiance.  En outre, nous pouvons collecter et/ou partager certaines données à caractère personnel avec des partenaires de confiance dans le cadre de la participation à OpenRTB. Bon nombre de ces partenaires sont inscrits au TCF de l’IAB comme fournisseurs mondiaux et sont visibles
ici
.
(d)
Vos droits
Exclusion Outbrain sur sites Web pour mobile et ordinateur de bureau
Exclusion Outbrain sur sites Web pour mobile et ordinateur de bureau.
Vous pouvez demander une exclusion des recommandations personnalisées d’Outbrain (ou, si vous avez activé l’exclusion et souhaitez rétablir l’inclusion) à tout moment en déplaçant le commutateur ci-dessous. Vous pouvez aussi demander une exclusion des recommandations personnalisées depuis le
Profil d’intérêts
d’Outbrain, un site Web qui fournit une vue d’ensemble des données qu’Outbrain détient sur vous et peut exploiter pour effectuer ses recommandations.
Exclusion Outbrain sur les applications
Exclusion Outbrain sur les applications.
Pour demander l’exclusion des recommandations d’Outbrain dans vos applications mobiles, vous pouvez procéder de la façon suivante :
Appareils iOS : Réglages > Confidentialité > Publicité > Suivi publicitaire limité
Appareils Android : Appli Paramètres de Google > Annonces > Désactiver personnalisation des annonces
Veuillez noter qu’une exclusion via notre Profil d’intérêts et/ou la présente Politique de confidentialité ne vous exclura pas du suivi personnalisé sur vos applications. Cette exclusion doit être effectuée à partir des options de réglage de votre appareil.
Options d’exclusion complémentaires
.
Vous pouvez également demander votre exclusion de la réception de publicités personnalisées de notre part ou de celle d’autres sociétés publicitaires à l’aide d’outils fournis par le secteur comme la NAI ou des pages basées sur la DAA (DAA,
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
; DAAC,
www.youradchoices.ca/choices
; et/ou EDAA
www.youronlinechoices.eu
). En vous rendant sur les pages de choix du consommateur de la NAI, la DAA, la DACC (Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada) ou de l’EDAA, vous pourrez refuser tout ou partie des services de leurs membres. Comme dans le cas de l’exclusion pour Outbrain, ces retraits ne signifient pas que vous ne recevrez plus aucune publicité, mais les publicités que vous recevrez ne seront plus personnalisées. Vous continuerez à recevoir des publicités, par exemple basées sur le site Web spécifique que vous êtes en train de consulter (à savoir des publicités liées au contexte). Par ailleurs, si vos navigateurs sont configurés pour refuser les cookies quand vous visitez les pages du consommateur de la DAA, de la DAAC ou de l’EDAA, votre exclusion (ou retrait) peut ne pas être effective, car notre système d’exclusion est basé sur les cookies.
Informations IMPORTANTES
Même si vous avez demandé l’exclusion des recommandations personnalisées d’Outbrain:
Vous continuerez à voir des recommandations Outbrain.
Le fait de demander votre exclusion du suivi de personnalisation d’Outbrain ne signifie pas que vous cesserez de recevoir des recommandations d’Outbrain. En revanche, cela signifie que les recommandations d’Outbrain ne seront pas personnalisées (à savoir des recommandations liées au contexte).
Votre exclusion des recommandations personnalisées est fondée sur les cookies et est spécifique à un appareil/navigateur.
Si vous naviguez sur Internet depuis plusieurs appareils et/ou navigateurs, vous devrez demander l’exclusion pour chaque appareil et/ou navigateur pour garantir que nous bloquons le suivi de personnalisation sur tous les dispositifs. Pour la même raison, si vous achetez un nouvel appareil, changez de navigateurs ou supprimez (ou effacez) le cookie d’exclusion, vous devrez effectuer à nouveau une demande d’exclusion. Demander l’exclusion du suivi de personnalisation n’est pas la même chose que bloquer les cookies.
Vous ne devez pas faire de demande d’exclusion à Outbrain pendant au moins 21 jours, car la suppression de votre profil est liée à votre UUID.
.
Votre demande d’exclusion des recommandations personnalisées d’Outbrain prend effet immédiatement. Cependant, si votre navigateur autorise un stockage local et si vous demandez votre inclusion dans les recommandations personnalisées (par exemple en acceptant une bannière de cookies) dans les 21 jours suivant votre demande d’exclusion, il est possible que votre profil antérieur soit reconnecté à votre UUID. Si vous ne procédez pas à une nouvelle demande d’inclusion dans les 21 jours, votre profil sera supprimé et ne pourra pas être récupéré.
Comme avec la plupart des cookies d’exclusion, l’exclusion dans le navigateur Outbrain s’appuie sur un cookie.
Le cookie d’exclusion est conçu pour être persistant afin de respecter les préférences de l’utilisateur. Cependant, la fonctionnalité « Intelligent Tracking Prevention » sous iOS11 peut impacter la persistance des cookies sur les sites Web au-delà de 24 heures. Nous vous conseillons d’utiliser un autre navigateur ou d’envisager de bloquer les cookies tiers depuis le navigateur afin que vous soyez « exclu » sans avoir à vous fier à la méthodologie de réelle exclusion d’une entreprise.
Votre espace de stockage local ne sera pas effacé.
Même si vous avez demandé l’exclusion des recommandations personnalisées d’Outbrain, votre espace de stockage local ne sera pas effacé automatiquement et vous devrez donc l’effacer au niveau du navigateur en plus de votre exclusion.
Partenaires commerciaux :
vous êtes un Partenaire commercial si vous souscrivez (ou échangez des e-mails avec Outbrain) pour le compte de la société dans laquelle vous travaillez aux services Outbrain Amplify ou Outbrain Engage. Cliquez ici pour en savoir
plus
.
(a)
Quelles informations nous collectons et pourquoi
Vous êtes susceptible de fournir certaines données à caractère personnel (telles que votre nom et/ou adresse e-mail) quand vous souscrivez aux services Amplify ou Engage, communiquez ou interagissez avec nous d’une autre manière. Si vous demandez à devenir Partenaire, nous sommes susceptibles de vous demander des informations complémentaires sous forme de formulaires de candidature annonceur, d’ordres d’insertion ou autres. De plus, nous collectons automatiquement des informations sur les actions liées à votre nom d’utilisateur dans le tableau de bord Outbrain. Par exemple, si vous modifiez, en tant que Partenaire Amplify, le coût-par-clic d’une de vos campagnes, la piste d’audit d’Outbrain gardera un enregistrement de toutes ces actions.
Nous collectons et traitons les données à caractère personnel ci-dessus afin de remplir nos obligations au titre de notre accord avec un Partenaire (ou Partenaire potentiel) notamment pour :
répondre à vos questions et demandes ;
vous donner accès à certaines fonctions et fonctionnalités de nos services Amplify ou Engage (par exemple pour fournir et tenir à jour le compte de votre tableau de bord) ;
vérifier votre identité ; et
communiquer avec vous sur votre compte, nos produits et les promotions disponibles compte tenu de votre utilisation du service Amplify ou Engage.
(b)
Quels cookies et autres technologies similaires nous utilisons
Veuillez consulter cette
Table des cookies
sous « Partenaires commerciaux » pour obtenir la liste détaillée des cookies propriétaires et tiers (et de leur période de conservation respective) que nous utilisons avec les Partenaires.
(c)
Comment nous sommes susceptibles de partager les informations
Nous sommes susceptibles de divulguer certaines informations de Partenaires aux prestataires, sous-traitants ou autres qui contribuent à la prestation des services Outbrain (ex. : traitement des cartes de crédit). Veuillez aussi consulter lasection Partage de la présente Politique de confidentialité.
(d)
Vos droits
Si, en tant que Partenaire, vous souhaitez vérifier, corriger, mettre à jour ou demander la désactivation de vos informations, rendez-vous dans le tableau de bord Outbrain pour modifier vos préférences de profil ou contactez-nous à l’adresse
support@outbrain.com
. Si vous recevez des e-mails Outbrain, vous pouvez vous « désabonner » en utilisant le lien dans l’e-mail. Veuillez noter que le désabonnement n’exclut pas que vous receviez des notifications importantes pour la fourniture des services Amplify ou Engage (ex. : factures électroniques).
(e)
Base juridique
La base juridique d’Outbrain pour le traitement des données à caractère personnel des Partenaires commerciaux est le contrat.
4.
Mesures de sécurité, Transferts hors de l’EEE, Partage et conservation des données
+
Sécurité
Transferts des données hors de l’UE/EEE
Partage
Conservation des données
Sécurité
Outbrain dispose d’une équipe de sécurité dédiée. Nous mettons en œuvre des contrôles stricts sur les données que nous collectons, en les conservant dans des bases de données sécurisées et protégées par des pare-feu avec des droits d’accès contrôlés et limités afin de garantir leur sécurité. Veuillez consulter
normes de sécurité
pour de plus amples informations.
Les Partenaires commerciaux ont un accès protégé par un mot de passe à certaines fonctionnalités du service Amplify ou Engage. Les Partenaires commerciaux sont tenus de garder ce mot de passe confidentiel et de veiller au respect de cette règle par leurs salariés et/ou leurs mandataires. N’oubliez pas que la transmission d’informations par Internet n’est malheureusement jamais complètement sécurisée. Une des fraudes classiques sur Internet est connue sous le nom d’usurpation d’identité électronique (« spoofing ») ou hameçonnage (« phishing »). Ceci se produit quand vous recevez un e-mail d’une source apparemment légitime vous demandant de lui fournir des données à caractère personnel. Sachez que nous ne vous enverrons aucun e-mail vous demandant de vérifier un numéro de carte de crédit, des informations bancaires ou autres données à caractère personnel. Si vous recevez un e-mail semblant provenir de nous vous demandant de nous fournir de telles informations, n’y répondez pas et ne cliquez sur aucun lien apparaissant dans ce message électronique. Veuillez plutôt nous transférer l’e-mail à l’adresse
legal@outbrain.com
, car nous mènerons des enquêtes sur d’éventuelles fraudes sur Internet.
Transferts des données hors de l’UE/EEE
Lorsque nous transférons des données à caractère personnel à partir de l’Espace économique européen (EEE), nous veillons à ce que ces transferts soient conformes aux lois applicables en matière de protection de données, y compris, le cas échéant, aux clauses contractuelles types de l’UE ou à une décision d’adéquation favorable de la Commission européenne en vertu de l’article 25(6) de la Directive 95/46/CE ou de l’article 45 du RGPD. En d’autres termes, vos droits et protections demeurent avec vos données et nous utilisons des clauses contractuelles approuvées et d’autres mesures conçues pour garantir que les destinataires de vos données à caractère personnel les protègent. Outbrain a mis en place les Clauses contractuelles types entre les entités d’Outbrain pour la gouvernance du transfert de données hors de l’EEE.
Partage
En complément de la description de la manière dont nous sommes susceptibles de divulguer vos données à caractère personnel pour chaque type d’utilisateur, nous pouvons également divulguer les données à caractère personnel comme suit :
Au sein de la famille des sociétés contrôlées par Outbrain pour des raisons internes, particulièrement pour des objectifs liés aux activités et au fonctionnement de l’entreprise ;
Si nous faisons face à une évolution de notre entreprise, comme une fusion, l’acquisition d’une autre société ou la vente de tout ou partie de nos actifs, vos données à caractère personnel sont susceptibles de faire partie des actifs transférés ;
En cas d’exigences légales le demandant (par exemple pour coopérer dans le cadre d’investigations sur la mise en application de la législation ou autres procédures légales) ; et/ou
Pour répondre à une urgence.
Par ailleurs, nous combinons vos données à caractère personnel avec celles d’autres utilisateurs afin de partager des informations sur les tendances et de rassembler des statistiques d’utilisation avec des tiers, toujours sous forme agrégée et anonyme.
Conservation des données
La période de conservation pour chacun des cookies utilisés par Outbrain (que ce soit par nous-mêmes ou par des tiers en notre nom) est définie dans la
Tables des cookies
. Plus particulièrement, le cookie Outbrain (Obuid), qui permet de suivre les actions des utilisateurs telles que les clics, expire trois (3) mois après qu’un utilisateur a visité un site spécifique sur notre réseau. Cependant, ce cookie se réinitialisera si un utilisateur retourne sur le même site ou sur un site différent au sein de notre réseau. De plus, nous ne conservons aucun point de données individuel sur un Utilisateur au-delà de 13 mois. Par exemple, si l’UUID 123 lit un article le 31 décembre 2018, cet article ne fera plus partie du profil de l’UUID 123 au 1er février 2019.
Outbrain tient également à jour une Politique de conservation des données qui détaille la période de conservation pour les données à caractère personnel sur la base de notre analyse de la durée raisonnable de conservation nécessaire de données particulières pour des raisons légales ou opérationnelles. Quand nous n’avons plus besoin des données à caractère personnel, nous les supprimons ou les détruisons de manière sécurisée. Les données agrégées, qui ne permettent pas d’identifier un appareil/navigateur (ou un individu) et sont utilisées à des fins de reporting et d’analyse, sont conservées aussi longtemps que commercialement nécessaire.
5.
Enfants et Données sensibles
+
Enfants
Aucun de nos services n’est destiné intentionnellement à des enfants de moins de 16 ans. Nous ne recueillons pas sciemment de données à caractère personnel auprès d’enfants âgés de moins de 16 ans. Si nous réalisons en cours de collecte qu’un Visiteur des sites, un Utilisateur ou un Partenaire commercial a moins de 16 ans, nous n’utiliserons ni ne conserverons ses données à caractère personnel. Si nous réalisons que nous avons involontairement collecté des données à caractère personnel auprès d’un enfant de moins de 16 ans, nous prendrons alors les mesures raisonnables pour supprimer ces informations de nos registres. Si vous êtes un enfant, allez jouer dans la cour, n’utilisez pas Outbrain, n’interagissez pas avec nous !
Données sensibles
Nous ne collectons ni ne recevons aucune catégorie sensible de données à caractère personnel.
6.
Visiteurs de Pays européens
+
Conformément à certaines lois sur le respect de la vie privée, en particulier le Règlement général sur la protection des données (RGPD), Outbrain octroie des droits particuliers complémentaires aux individus qui interagissent avec Outbrain, comme le droit d’accès aux données, le droit de rectification, le droit d’opposition, le droit de porter réclamation, le droit à l’effacement et le droit de blocage. Plus particulièrement et sous certaines conditions :
le droit de demander des informations sur l’utilisation ou non de données à caractère personnel par nous, et si oui, lesquelles, et le droit de demander la rectification ou la modification de données à caractère personnel ;
le droit de demander la suppression de données à caractère personnel ;
le droit de demander la limitation du traitement des données à caractère personnel ;
le droit de retirer votre consentement à l’utilisation et au traitement de vos données, intégralement ou partiellement, à tout moment, avec effet futur ;
le droit d’obtenir vos données à caractère personnel dans un format classique, structuré et lisible par machine ;
la possibilité de contacter notre délégué à la protection des données (« DPO ») pour toute question, commentaire, réclamation ou demande en lien avec notre déclaration sur la protection des données et le traitement de vos données à caractère personnel ;
le droit d’introduire une réclamation auprès de l’autorité de contrôle si vous êtes persuadé que le traitement de vos données à caractère personnel constitue une violation de la législation.
En complément des droits ci-dessus, nous référençons certains droits pour les citoyens des pays européens dans cette Politique de confidentialité. Conformément au RGPD, les citoyens des «
Pays européens
» désignent les citoyens de l’Espace économique européen (EEE), de l’Association européenne de libre-échange (AELE) et de la Suisse. Aux fins de cette Politique de confidentialité, le terme « pays européens » continuera d’inclure le Royaume-Uni, même après son départ de l’Espace économique européen suite au Brexit.
Veuillez adresser un e-mail à l’adresse
Privacy@outbrain.com
pour toute question relative à l’exercice des droits susmentionnés quels qu’ils soient.
7.
Dispositions « Do Not Track » (non-traçage)
+
Certains navigateurs transmettent des signaux refusant le traçage de données (« do not track ») aux sites Web. Outbrain ne procède actuellement à aucune altération, modification ou réponse aux demandes ou signaux de non-traçage de ces navigateurs car il n’existe pas de compréhension commune sur la manière d’interpréter les signaux de non-traçage. Nous continuerons de suivre l’activité du secteur dans ce domaine et réévaluerons nos pratiques de non-traçage si nécessaire. En attendant, vous pouvez utiliser notre gamme d’outils complémentaires pour contrôler la collecte et l’utilisation des données, et qui donnent notamment la possibilité de demander l’exclusion de la réception de recommandations personnalisées (« opt-out ») dans la section Utilisateurs.
8.
Les modifications qui pourraient être apportées à cette Politique de confidentialité
+
Nous sommes susceptibles de modifier la présente Politique de confidentialité de manière ponctuelle. Nous afficherons clairement une notification que vous pourrez voir en tant que Visiteur des sites ou Partenaire commercial, mais nous n’avons pas de moyen d’informer les Utilisateurs d’une mise à jour par le biais d’une notification. Vous devez vérifier ici régulièrement si la Politique de confidentialité a été mise à jour, car nous indiquerons toujours la date de la dernière modification de la Politique de confidentialité en haut de la page afin que vous puissiez savoir quand elle a été révisée pour la dernière fois.
Effective February 16th 2022
Download
Politica sulla privacy
Outbrain si impegna a proteggere i tuoi dati personali. La presente informativa sulla privacy (“
Politica sulla privacy
”) disciplina l'utilizzo da parte nostra dei dati che raccogliamo, ivi inclusi tutti i dati personali. I dati personali sono informazioni che si riferiscono a te e possono identificarti come individuo. Utilizziamo i tuoi dati personali in linea con tutte le leggi applicabili. Al fine di garantire il rispetto e l'allineamento con i valori di Outbrain in materia di fiducia e trasparenza, disponiamo di un team di esperti di privacy responsabili dell'implementazione continua del nostro programma di privacy globale.
+ ESPANDI TUTTO
– RIDUCI TUTTO
1.
Chi siamo, Cosa facciamo, Come puoi contattare Outbrain, il nostro RPD o le autorità competenti
+
Chi siamo:
questa politica sulla privacy si applica a Outbrain Inc., un'azienda del Delaware (USA) con sede a New York; e le sue partecipate
(
collettivamente, “Outbrain,” o “noi”, “ci”, “nostro”)
. Operiamo da diversi uffici in tutto il mondo e collaboriamo con editori e operatori di mercato in tutto il mondo.
Nota che Zemanta Inc, consociata di Outbrain, ha una politica sulla privacy separata, che può essere consultata
qui
.
Cosa facciamo:
la mission di Outbrain è quella di fornirti consigli e raccomandazioni interessanti sulla base di quelli che riteniamo essere i tuoi interessi. Per realizzare la nostra mission stipuliamo accordi con:
editori e partner online che desiderano consigliare contenuti pertinenti ai loro lettori (si tratta del servizio Outbrain Engage);
inserzionisti che desiderano che i lettori visualizzino i loro contenuti (si tratta del servizio
Outbrain Amplify
) e
partner terzi che ci aiutano a fornire raccomandazioni pertinenti.
Per ulteriori informazioni sui nostri servizi Amplify (inserzionisti) clicca
qui
mentre per i nostri servizi Engage (editori) clicca
qui
.
Come contattarci:
Esaminiamo regolarmente la nostra osservanza della presente politica sulla privacy. Domande, commenti e richieste riguardanti la presente politica sulla privacy sono apprezzati e vanno indirizzati a
privacy@outbrain.com
oppure all'indirizzo postale:
Outbrain Inc., 222 Broadway 19th Floor, New York, NY 10038, Attn:
Domande sulla privacy.
Qualora Outbrain non risponda in maniera soddisfacente alle tue domande o richieste, puoi altresì contattare i seguenti contatti di riferimento per consigli, supporto o reclami
Il responsabile esterno della protezione dei dati di Outbrain ("DPO"): ePrivacy GmbH, rappresentato dal Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer. ePrivacy GmbH è raggiungibile direttamente presso dpo@outbrain.com ; e/o
l'
Information Commissioner’s Officer
, che è la principale autorità di controllo su Outbrain all'interno dei Territori europei.
2.
Alleanze e Adesioni
+
Aderiamo ai principi di autoregolamentazione stabiliti da
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA) e da
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA).
Siamo soci in regola della
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI), un'associazione dedicata alla raccolta responsabile di dati e al loro utilizzo per la pubblicità digitale. Aderiamo al Codice di condotta NAI anche per il settore Web e Mobile. Outbrain aderisce altresì ai principi di autoregolamentazione dell'Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) per la pubblicità comportamentale online e al framework di IAB Europa per la pubblicità comportamentale online; e
Siamo anche
certificati con JICWEBS DTSG Brand Safety
qui
.
3.
Tipi di utente Outbrain (incluse le opzioni di opt-out)
+
Gran parte della presente politica sulla privacy è suddivisa in sezioni in base alle modalità in cui è possibile interagire con Outbrain. Tu sei o un visitatore del sito oppure un utente e/o un partner commerciale (come definito di seguito). Ti preghiamo di stabilire quale tipo di utente sei, in quanto, per ogni tipo di utente descriviamo i tuoi diritti, quali informazioni raccogliamo e perché, quali cookie e altre tecnologie analoghe utilizziamo e come condividiamo tali informazioni.
Visitatori del sito:
sei un visitatore del sito quando visiti e interagisci con i nostri siti web, le nostre pagine web, le funzioni interattive, i blog e i loro rispettivi contenuti disponibili all'indirizzo
Outbrain.com
(o qualsiasi sua derivazione, come Outbrain.co.uk; Outbrain.fr; outbrain.de, ecc.) (“
I nostri siti
“). Scopri di più
qui
.
（a）
Quali informazioni raccogliamo e perché
Desideriamo capire quali servizi sui nostri siti ti interessano e desideriamo ricordarti i servizi che offriamo quando non sei sui nostri siti. Per farlo, raccogliamo le seguenti informazioni dal tuo dispositivo: (i) indirizzo IP; (ii) dati dell'user agent: tipo di dispositivo (ad es. iPhone), tipo di browser (ad es. Chrome), sistema operativo (ad es. iOS); (iii) le pagine visitate sui nostri siti (ad es. la pagina "Chi siamo" di Outbrain); (iv) l'orario della visita (e il fuso orario corrispondente); nonché (v) le URL di riferimento e altre informazioni normalmente trasmesse nelle richieste HTTP (ad esempio, queste informazioni ci dicono come sei arrivato sui nostri siti).
Inoltre, possiamo anche raccogliere il tuo nome e il tuo indirizzo e-mail se accetti di inviarci i tuoi dati tramite i nostri siti (ad esempio, iscrivendoti alla nostra newsletter).
（b）
Quali cookie e altre tecnologie simili utilizziamo
Visita questa
Tabella dei cookie
che viene aggiornata di volta in volta, nella sezione "Visitatori del Sito", per un elenco dettagliato dei cookie proprietari e di terze parti (e dei relativi periodi di conservazione) che possono essere utilizzati quando visiti i nostri siti.
（c）
Come possiamo condividere le informazioni
Condivisione delle informazioni che acquisiamo su di te sui nostri siti.
Non vendiamo e/o condividiamo i tuoi dati personali con terzi per finalità di pubblicità o marketing. Possiamo ricorrere a vari terzi (ciascuno elencato nella
Tabella dei cookie
) affinché ci aiutino a svolgere attività di commercializzazione o pubblicità nei tuoi confronti. Richiediamo a tali parti e società terze di impegnarsi a rispettare tutte le leggi applicabili sulla protezione dei dati, ad acconsentire a mantenere riservate tutte le informazioni condivise con loro e a utilizzare tali informazioni esclusivamente per adempiere ai loro obblighi nei nostri confronti. Lo facciamo stipulando accordi con tutte le terze parti che trattano i dati personali.
Se pubblichi un post sul nostro blog, i tuoi commenti e le tue informazioni saranno disponibili al pubblico. Contatta
support@outbrain.com
per rimuovere il tuo commento.
Utilizzo di servizi di terzi sui nostri siti.
I nostri siti contengono collegamenti ad altri siti web che non sono di nostra proprietà o gestiti da noi. Non controlliamo, raccomandiamo o approviamo il contenuto, i prodotti, i servizi, le politiche sulla privacy o le pratiche di tali siti web di terzi. Ad esempio, sui nostri siti noterai icone cliccabili che ti condurranno alla pagina Facebook di Outbrain o alla pagina LinkedIn di Outbrain. Se scegli di fare clic su tali collegamenti, devi sapere che questi siti non sono di proprietà o gestiti da Outbrain e che quindi questi siti web di terze parti potrebbero inviare i propri cookie al tuo dispositivo e potrebbero raccogliere dati personali in maniera indipendente. È quindi importante che tu conosca le politiche sulla privacy di questi siti web terzi.
Consulta anche la sezione
Condivisione
della presente politica sulla privacy.
(d)
I tuoi diritti
Le nostre
Condizioni d’uso
disciplinano l'uso dei nostri siti e si applicano a te quando interagisci con i nostri siti. Puoi smettere di usare i nostri siti in qualsiasi momento. Se lo fai, potresti voler rimuovere tutti i cookie che abbiamo inserito su qualsiasi dispositivo utilizzato per accedere ai nostri siti, attraverso il tuo browser. Se durante l'utilizzo dei nostri siti hai fornito il tuo indirizzo e-mail, qualsiasi e-mail che ricevi da Outbrain include un'opzione di "annullamento dell'iscrizione" (unsubscribe). Inoltre, è possibile anche rinunciare al direct marketing inviando un'e-mail a
support@outbrain.com
.
Per i visitatori del sito nei
Territori europei
, Outbrain ha implementato una piattaforma di gestione del consenso (gestita da
One Trust
) sui nostri siti che ti offrono l'opportunità di acconsentire o meno all'uso di cookie e tecnologie di tracciamento (tracking) analoghe. Accedendo ai nostri siti, vedrai un banner al centro della pagina con informazioni sui cookie che utilizziamo. È possibile fare clic sul banner per rifiutare i cookie (ad esempio, i cookie prestazionali o i targeting cookie) fintanto che non siano cookie strettamente necessari (come definiti nella tabella dei cookie). Premendo "Accetto" sul banner si indica il consenso all’utilizzo dei cookie e di tecnologie di tracciamento simili. La base giuridica di Outbrain per il trattamento dei dati personali dei visitatori dei nostri siti appartenenti al territorio europeo è il consenso. Puoi ritirare il tuo consenso in qualsiasi momento
Cookies Settings
. Per quanto riguarda tutti gli altri visitatori del sito che non si trovano nei territori europei, ci basiamo sul nostro legittimo interesse per il trattamento di qualsiasi dato personale, tuttavia, ciò non preclude ai visitatori del sito non appartenenti ai territori europei la possibilità di ritirare il consenso in qualsiasi momento attraverso la nostra piattaforma di gestione del consenso.
Utenti:
sei un utente se visiti una pagina di un sito web o di un'applicazione di uno dei partner di Outbrain nelle quali è installato il widget Outbrain o sono presenti i nostri consigli e raccomandazioni (“
Siti partner
”). Ad esempio, se visiti
https://news.sky.com/uk
,
www.spiegel.de
o
www.cnn.com
, in quanto il widget Outbrain è implementato su tali siti web. Sai che stai interagendo con un widget Outbrain quando vedi del testo che fa riferimento a Outbrain (ad esempio "Recommended by Outbrain", "by Outbrain" accanto ai consigli). Se fai clic sul riferimento contenente il collegamento ipertestuale a Outbrain, visualizzerai una
informativa dettagliata
che ti consentirà di raggiungere il
portale di interesse di Outbrain
e questa politica sulla privacy dove è possibile scegliere di non ricevere raccomandazioni personalizzate. In alcuni casi, un partner può avvalersi dei servizi di Outbrain per la propria offerta. In tal caso, tali partner devono rendere noto il loro uso di Outbrain nelle loro politiche sulla privacy. Scopri di più
qui
.
Esempio di un widget Outbrain.
(a)
Quali informazioni raccogliamo e perché
Usiamo UUID, indirizzo IP e altre informazioni di utilizzo in maniera da poter offrire consigli interessanti. I consigli di Outbrain possono essere pagati da un inserzionista che vuole collegarti a un nuovo sito web oppure possono essere organiche, nel qual caso il collegamento rinvia a un'altra pagina sullo stesso sito web del partner
UUID.
Quando, in veste di utente, visiti per la prima volta un sito partner (ad esempio, CNN.com), Outbrain deposita un cookie sul tuo dispositivo al fine di generare un UUID. In alternativa, se interagisci per la prima volta con un partner utilizzando l'applicazione di quel partner, Outbrain riceve un ID inserzionista che ti viene assegnato dal tuo dispositivo. Cataloghiamo e analizziamo i contenuti che consumi attraverso i siti partner. I nostri consigli si basano su: (i) cronologia di navigazione UUID; (ii) modelli di navigazione simili di altri utenti; (iii) consigli che sono in genere popolari presso il pubblico di Outbrain in quel dato momento; (iv) un pizzico di casualità e (v) requisiti di targeting che possono essere forniti o richiesti dai nostri clienti Amplify. Ad esempio, Outbrain potrebbe sapere che l'UUID 123 (che potresti essere tu che tramite il tuo iPhone X stai visitando il sito del Guardian usando Chrome come browser) ama leggere contenuti su destinazioni per le vacanze esotiche e che alle persone che amano leggere contenuti sulle medesime destinazioni di vacanza piace anche leggere di cibi esotici. Quando interagisci con Outbrain non raccogliamo i tradizionali dati personali, come il tuo indirizzo e-mail o il tuo nome, quindi non possiamo associare il tuo nome al tuo UUID (per esempio, non sappiamo che John Smith, che è anche UUID 123, ama leggere sulle destinazioni per le vacanze esotiche).
L'UUID è una sequenza di numeri e/o lettere. L'UUID viene associato al tuo dispositivo e varia in base alla tua combinazione di browser. In altre parole, Outbrain registra un UUID diverso a seconda del dispositivo e/o del browser che utilizzi per accedere ai siti partner. Ad esempio, avrai un UUID quando visiti un sito partner dal tuo telefono cellulare utilizzando Safari come browser e un UUID diverso quando visiti un sito partner dal tuo iPad utilizzando Safari come browser. Outbrain combinerà e consoliderà un UUID da un dispositivo mobile (palmare o tablet) da un browser che accede quindi a un'applicazione (o viceversa) da quel medesimo dispositivo. Outbrain non effettua il tracciamento incrociato dei dispositivi e quindi non può collegare un utente che interagisce con Outbrain sul proprio telefono come lo stesso utente che sta interagendo con Outbrain sul proprio computer.
Indirizzo IP
Oltre al tuo UUID, riconosciamo il tuo indirizzo IP, che traduciamo in termini di geolocalizzazione e cancelliamo l'ultimo ottetto per mascherare le informazioni di identificazione. Utilizziamo quindi queste informazioni mascherate, insieme alle informazioni che abbiamo ricevuto da altri partner terzi di fiducia (come MaxMind) per ottenere una comprensione a grandi linee del luogo in cui ti trovi (ad esempio, New York). Outbrain riconoscerà comunque il tuo indirizzo IP anche se rinunci al tracciamento personalizzato, in quanto ciò è necessario per continuare a fornirti raccomandazioni e consigli basati sul contesto, tuttavia, in tali casi il tuo indirizzo IP non è associato al tuo UUID e non farebbe parte di alcun profilo utente.
Altre informazioni sul trattamento
Oltre all'UUID e all'indirizzo IP, raccogliamo le seguenti informazioni su di te via (a) pc o dispositivo mobile: (i) dati dell'user agent: tipo di dispositivo (ad es. iPhone), tipo di browser (ad es. Chrome), sistema operativo (ad es. iOS); (ii) le pagine visitate; (iii) l'orario della visita; e (iv) gli URL di riferimento e altre informazioni normalmente trasmesse nelle richieste HTTP.
Le informazioni statistiche di cui sopra ci forniscono informazioni su quanti utenti hanno visitato una specifica pagina dei nostri siti partner su cui è installato il widget Outbrain, su quanto tempo ogni utente è rimasto su quella pagina, sul tipo di contenuto di quella pagina su cui ha cliccato e su come si è generalmente comportato su quella pagina; e (b) sulle applicazioni (i) versioni dell'applicazione (come appare in App Store o Play Store); (ii) ID dell'applicazione o nome del pacchetto (come appare in App Store o Play Store); (iii) sistema operativo (ad es. IOS o Android); (iv) versione del sistema operativo; e (v) modello del dispositivo (ad es. iPhone X). Queste informazioni sono considerate dati personali se Outbrain le associa a un UUID.
Poiché Outbrain non ha un rapporto diretto con gli utenti che interagiscono con i siti partner, Outbrain si affida ai suoi partner per determinare le basi legali su cui Outbrain può trattare i dati personali. Ogni sito partner si basa su
(b)
Quali cookie e altre tecnologie simili utilizziamo
Cookie Outbrain
Pixel Outbrain
Pixel di terzi
Cookie Outbrain
Visita questa
Tabella dei cookie
nella sezione "Utenti" per un elenco dettagliato dei cookie proprietari che utilizziamo quando interagisci con i siti partner nei quali è implementata la tecnologia Outbrain.
Pixel Outbrain
Oltre al widget Outbrain visibile sui siti partner, alcuni inserzionisti di Outbrain possono implementare il pixel Outbrain sui loro siti web. Il pixel Outbrain determina se l'utente che raggiunge la pagina nella quale è installato dispone di un UUID Outbrain, al fine di fornire un resoconto agli inserzionisti in relazione alla loro particolare campagna. Se a tale utente finale è associato un UUID, Outbrain consente agli inserzionisti di riorientare (re-targeting) tali UUID e/o di fornire agli inserzionisti il numero totale di utenti (su base aggregata e anonima) che hanno raggiunto una determinata pagina (ad esempio, un inserzionista non sa che l'UUID1234 è stato convertito, ma solo che è stata effettuata 1 conversione). Outbrain non trasmette ai suoi inserzionisti alcun dato personale (incluso il tuo UUID) e non raccoglie ulteriori dati personali tramite il pixel. Outbrain non combina le informazioni ricevute dalle informazioni dei pixel di Outbrain con il profilo di un UUID (ad esempio, Outbrain tiene traccia solo del fatto che 1 conversione è avvenuta e non che l'UUID123 è stato convertito quando ha raggiunto la pagina scelta dall'inserzionista). Richiediamo agli inserzionisti di rendere noto l'utilizzo di pixel Outbrain sui propri siti web.
Outbrain può anche consentire ad alcuni partner terzi di fiducia di raccogliere dati tramite i cookie forniti attraverso il widget di Outbrain. In tali casi, Outbrain non trasmette a questi terzi i dati che Outbrain raccoglie sui suoi utenti, ma consente a tali terzi di raccogliere direttamente i dati (inclusi i dati personali) attraverso il widget per scopi di difesa dalle frodi e/o per sicurezza o per fornire informazioni di misurazione agli inserzionisti (come il numero di conversioni e/o impronte). Qualsiasi raccolta di questo tipo sarà regolata dalle norme sulla privacy di terzi.
Pixel di terzi
Se fai clic su un collegamento verso uno dei nostri consigli, l'inserzionista che sponsorizza tale consiglio può installare cookie (o cookie di terze parti che agiscono per conto dell'inserzionista) sul tuo dispositivo o tramite dei reindirizzamenti prima che tu giunga alla pagina di destinazione dei consigli o nel momento in cui raggiungi la pagina di destinazione. Tali cookie servono a fornire delle analisi all'inserzionista per quanto riguarda la sua campagna (ad esempio, per vedere quanti utenti hanno visto la campagna). Richiediamo ai nostri inserzionisti di rendere noto l'uso di pixel e/o cookie di terze parti agli utenti finali attraverso il loro sito web. Poiché questi cookie e/o pixel sono aggiunti a sola discrezione dei nostri inserzionisti, sarai soggetto all'informativa sulla privacy di tale inserzionista.
(c)
Come possiamo condividere le informazioni
I nostri partner
Outbrain non condivide e/o vende interi profili utente con terzi. Tuttavia, possiamo condividere alcuni elementi di un profilo utente (ad esempio, UUID) con i seguenti partner, tra cui:
Partner di sicurezza del marchio, di analisi e di lotta alle frodi;
Piattaforme lato domanda (DSP) e lato offerta (SSP);
Scambi di pubblicità e/o reti; e
Piattaforme di gestione della domanda.
Si prega di cliccare
qui
per visionare una lista di alcuni dei nostri partner di fiducia.  Inoltre, possiamo raccogliere e/o condividere alcuni dati personali con partner di fiducia in virtù della partecipazione alla OpenRTB. Molti di questi partner sono registrati come IAB TCF Global Vendor e possono essere trovati
qui
.
(d)
I tuoi diritti
Opzioni di opt-out da Outbrain su pc e dispositivi mobili
Opzioni di opt-out da Outbrain su pc e dispositivi mobili.
È possibile rifiutare di ricevere i consigli personalizzati di Outbrain (o, se si è scelto di non riceverli e si desidera tornare indietro) in qualsiasi momento, indicandolo qui sotto. Puoi anche rinunciare ai consigli personalizzati tramite il
Profilo di interesse
sul sito web di Outbrain, che fornisce una visualizzazione generale dei dati che Outbrain conosce su di te e che può utilizzare per formulare i suoi consigli.
Opzioni di opt-out da Outbrain sulle app
Opzioni di opt-out da Outbrain sulle app.
Per escludere i consigli di Outbrain sulle tue applicazioni mobili, puoi seguire i seguenti passi:
dispositivi iOS: Impostazioni > Privacy > Pubblicità > Limita raccolta dati
Dispositivi Android: Google Impostazioni App > Annunci > Disattivazione degli annunci basati sugli interessi
Si prega di notare che un opt-out tramite il nostro profilo di interesse e/o la presente Politica sulla privacy non ti escluderà dal tracciamento personalizzato delle tue applicazioni. Questo opt-out deve essere effettuato tramite le impostazioni del dispositivo.
Ulteriori opzioni di rinuncia (opt-out)
.
Ulteriori opzioni di rinuncia (opt-out).
Puoi anche esprimere la tua rinuncia a ricevere annunci personalizzati offerti da noi o da altre agenzie pubblicitarie attraverso strumenti messi a disposizione da NAI o le varie pagine basate su DAA (DAA,
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
; DAAC,
www.youradchoices.ca/choices
, e/o EDAA
www.youronlinechoices.eu
). Visitare le pagine delle scelte dei consumatori di NAI, DAA, DAAC o EDAA ti consente di rinunciare a tutti o parte dei servizi dei membri partecipanti. Come la funzione di opt-out di Outbrain, queste rinunce non fanno sì che non riceverai più alcuna pubblicità, semplicemente gli annunci pubblicitari non saranno personalizzati per te. Continuerai a ricevere annunci pubblicitari, ad esempio, in base al sito web specifico che stai visualizzando (ossia annunci basati sul contesto). Inoltre, se i tuoi browser sono configurati per rifiutare i cookie quando visiti le pagine delle scelte dei consumatori DAA, DAAC o EDAA, la tua rinuncia potrebbe non essere efficace, in quanto il nostro opt-out è basato sui cookie.
Informazioni IMPORTANTI
Anche se hai scelto di non ricevere i consigli personalizzati di Outbrain:
Continuerai a visualizzare i consigli di Outbrain.
La disattivazione del tracking per la personalizzazione di Outbrain non significa che non riceverai più consigli da Outbrain. Piuttosto significa che i consigli di Outbrain non saranno personalizzati (cioè saranno raccomandazioni basate sul contesto).
La tua rinuncia (opt-out) è basata su cookie ed è specifica
del dispositivo/browser.
Se navighi sul web da dispositivi e/o browser diversi, dovrai esprimere la rinuncia da ciascun dispositivo e/o browser per assicurarti di impedire il tracking per la personalizzazione su ciascuno di loro. Per lo stesso motivo, se acquisti un nuovo dispositivo, cambi browser o cancelli (o annulli) il cookie di rinuncia, dovrai esprimere nuovamente tale rinuncia. Rinunciare al tracking per la personalizzazione non equivale a bloccare i cookie.
Non devi eseguire l’opt-in di Outbrain per almeno 21 giorni in quanto la cancellazione del tuo profilo è legata al tuo UUID.
.
La tua rinuncia ai consigli personalizzati di Outbrain è efficace immediatamente. Tuttavia, se il tuo browser consente l'archiviazione locale e attivi consigli personalizzati di Outbrain (ad esempio accettando un banner cookie) entro 21 giorni dalla rinuncia, è possibile che il tuo profilo precedente venga riconnesso al tuo UUID. Se non effettui l'attivazione opt-in entro 21 giorni, il profilo verrà eliminato e non potrà essere ripristinato.
Come per la maggior parte dei cookie di opt-out, il browser Outbrain si basa su un cookie.
Il cookie opt-out è destinato ad essere persistente per applicare le preferenze dell'utente. Tuttavia, la funzione "Intelligent Tracking Prevention" di iOS11 può avere un impatto sulla persistenza dei cookie nei siti web in una finestra di 24 ore. Suggeriamo di utilizzare un altro browser o di considerare la possibilità di bloccare tutti i cookie di terze parti dal browser in modo da essere "opt out" senza doversi affidare alla metodologia di opt out di qualsiasi azienda.
La tua memoria locale non verrà svuotata.
Anche se hai scelto di non seguire i consigli personalizzati di Outbrain, la tua memoria locale non verrà cancellata automaticamente e quindi, oltre all'opt-out, dovrai cancellarla a livello di browser.
Partner commerciali:
sei un Partner commerciale quando ti registri (o invii un'e-mail a Outbrain) per conto dell'azienda per la quale lavori per utilizzare i servizi Outbrain Amplify o Outbrain Engage. Scopri di più
qui
.
(a)
Quali informazioni raccogliamo e perché
Puoi fornire determinati dati personali (quali ad esempio il tuo nome e/o l’indirizzo e-mail) quando ti registri per i servizi Amplify o Engage o altrimenti quando comunichi o interagisci con noi. Se presenti domanda per diventare un Partner commerciale, potremmo richiederti ulteriori informazioni tramite moduli di domanda dell'inserzionista, ordini di inserzione e altri moduli. Inoltre, raccogliamo automaticamente informazioni in merito alle azioni del tuo nome utente nel cruscotto (dashboard) Outbrain. Ad esempio, in qualità di Partner commerciale Amplify, se modifichi il costo per clic per una delle tue campagne, la traccia di controllo di Outbrain registrerà tutte queste azioni.
Raccogliamo e trattiamo i dati personali di cui sopra al fine di adempiere ai nostri obblighi ai sensi del nostro accordo come Partner commerciale (o potenziale Partner commerciale) stipulato con voi, ivi incluso per:
rispondere alle tue domande e richieste;
fornirti accesso a determinate funzioni e caratteristiche dei nostri servizi Amplify o Engage (ad esempio per fornirti e mantenere il tuo account dashboard);
verificare la tua identità; e
comunicare con te in merito al tuo account, ai nostri prodotti e alle promozioni disponibili pertinenti al tuo utilizzo del servizio Amplify o Engage.
(b)
Quali cookie e altre tecnologie simili utilizziamo
Ti rimandiamo a questa
Tabella dei cookie
nella sezione "Partner commerciali" per un elenco dettagliato dei cookie proprietari e di terze parti (e dei relativi periodi di conservazione) che utilizziamo con i Partner commerciali.
(c)
Come possiamo condividere le informazioni con chiunque
Potremmo divulgare determinate informazioni dei Partner commerciali a venditori, contraenti o altri soggetti che assistono Outbrain nell'erogazione dei servizi (ad es. trattamento delle carte di credito). Consulta anche lasezione Condivisione della presente politica sulla privacy.
(d)
I tuoi diritti
Se in veste di Partner commerciale desideri verificare, correggere, aggiornare o richiedere la disattivazione delle tue informazioni, puoi accedere al cruscotto (dashboard) Outbrain per modificare le preferenze del tuo profilo oppure contattarci all'indirizzo:
support@outbrain.com
. Se stai ricevendo e-mail di Outbrain, puoi "annullare l'iscrizione" a tale invio utilizzando un collegamento presente nell'e-mail. Nota che l'annullamento dell'iscrizione non comporta la rinuncia a ricevere notifiche rilevanti per l'erogazione dei servizi Amplify o Engage (ad es. fatture inviate via e-mail).
(e)
Base giuridica
La base giuridica di Outbrain per il trattamento dei dati personali dei Partner commerciali è contrattuale.
4.
Misure di sicurezza, trasferimenti al di fuori dello SEE, condivisione e conservazione dei dati
+
Sicurezza
Trasferimento dei dati al di fuori dell'UE/dello SEE
Condivisione
Conservazione dei dati
Sicurezza
Outbrain dispone di un team dedicato per la sicurezza. Manteniamo rigorosi controlli sui dati personali che raccogliamo, conservandoli in database protetti e soggetti a firewall con diritti di accesso rigorosamente limitati e controllati, per garantirne la sicurezza. Consulta le nostre
norme sulla sicurezza
per maggiori informazioni.
I partner commerciali hanno accesso a determinate funzionalità protette da password del servizio Amplify o Engage. I partner commerciali hanno la responsabilità di mantenere riservata questa password e di garantire lo stesso per loro dipendenti e/o ai loro agenti. Ricorda che, sfortunatamente, la trasmissione di informazioni tramite Internet non è mai completamente sicura. Una truffa comune su Internet è nota come "spoofing" o "phishing" e si verifica quando ricevi un'email proveniente da quella che sembra essere una fonte legittima che richiede i tuoi dati personali. Ti preghiamo di osservare che non ti invieremo alcuna e-mail che ti chieda di verificare la carta di credito, le coordinate bancarie o eventuali altri dati personali. Qualora dovessi ricevere un'e-mail che sembra provenire da noi e ti chiede tali informazioni ti preghiamo di non rispondere e non fare clic su nessun link presente nell'e-mail. Al contrario, inoltraci l'e-mail all'indirizzo
legal@outbrain.com
, in quanto esamineremo possibili casi di frode su Internet.
Trasferimento dei dati al di fuori dell'UE/dello SEE
Quando trasferiamo dati personali dallo Spazio Economico Europeo (SEE), ci assicureremo che tali trasferimenti siano conformi alle leggi sulla protezione dei dati, incluse, se applicabile, le clausole contrattuali standard dell'UE o una decisione di adeguatezza positiva della Commissione Europea ai sensi dell'articolo 25(6) della Direttiva 95/46/CE o dell'articolo 45 del GDPR. In altre parole, i tuoi diritti e le tue protezioni rimangono con i tuoi dati e utilizziamo clausole contrattuali approvate e altre misure studiate per garantire che i destinatari dei tuoi dati personali li proteggano. Outbrain ha posto in vigore le Clausole contrattuali standard tra le entità di Outbrain per disciplinare il trasferimento dei dati al di fuori dello SEE.
Condivisione
Oltre alla descrizione di come possiamo divulgare i tuoi dati personali per ciascun tipo di utente, possiamo altresì divulgare dati personali nei seguenti casi:
all'interno della famiglia di società controllate da Outbrain per ragioni interne, principalmente per scopi aziendali e operativi;
qualora dovessimo attraversare una transizione aziendale, quale una fusione, un'acquisizione da parte di un'altra società oppure una vendita di tutte o di parte delle nostre attività, i tuoi dati personali saranno probabilmente inclusi tra le attività trasferite;
laddove ciò sia richiesto dalla legge (ad esempio, per collaborare con indagini delle forze dell'ordine oppure con altri procedimenti giudiziari); e/o
per rispondere a un'emergenza effettiva
Inoltre, combiniamo i tuoi dati personali con quelli di altri utenti al fine di condividere informazioni sulle tendenze e aggregare le statistiche degli utenti con terze parti, sempre in forma aggregata e anonimizzata.
DConservazione dei dati
Il periodo di conservazione per ciascuno dei cookie utilizzati da Outbrain (sia per i nostri sia per quelli usati da terzi per nostro conto) è indicato nella
Tabella dei cookie
. Più specificamente, il cookie Outbrain (Obuid), che viene utilizzato per monitorare le azioni degli utenti come i clic, scade tre (3) mesi dopo che un utente ha visitato un particolare sito all'interno della nostra rete, tuttavia, questo cookie si resetta se un utente ritorna allo stesso sito o a un sito diverso all'interno della nostra rete. Inoltre, non conserviamo alcun data point individuale su un utente per più di 13 mesi. Ad esempio, se l'UUID 123 legge un articolo il 31 dicembre 2018, il 1° febbraio 2019 quell'articolo non farà più parte del profilo dell'UUID 123. Outbrain mantiene altresì una politica di conservazione dei dati che dettaglia il periodo di conservazione dei dati personali in base alla nostra analisi della durata ragionevolmente necessaria di tale conservazione, rispetto a dati specifici, tenuto conto delle finalità legali o commerciali. Nel momento in cui non necessitiamo più dei dati personali, li cancelliamo o li distruggiamo in maniera sicura. I dati aggregati, che non consentono di identificare un dispositivo/browser (o una singola persona) e sono utilizzati per finalità di reporting e analisi vengono conservati per tutto il tempo necessario dal punto di vista commerciale.
5.
Bambini e dati sensibili
+
Minori
Nessuno dei nostri servizi si rivolge intenzionalmente a minori di 16 anni. Non raccogliamo consapevolmente dati personali da minori di 16 anni. Se al momento della raccolta dovessimo stabilire che un Visitatore del sito, un Utente o un Partner commerciale ha meno di 16 anni, non useremo né conserveremo i suoi dati personali. Qualora dovessimo venire a conoscenza del fatto che abbiamo raccolto inconsapevolmente dati personali da un minore di età inferiore ai 16 anni, attueremo ogni ragionevole sforzo per eliminare tali informazioni dai nostri archivi. Se sei un bambino, vai a giocare in giardino, non usare o interagire con Outbrain!
Dati sensibili
Non raccogliamo o riceviamo categorie di dati personali sensibili.
6.
Visitatori dei territori europei
+
In conformità con le leggi in materia di tutela della vita privata (privacy), in particolare con il regolamento generale europeo sulla protezione dei dati (GDPR), Outbrain riconosce specifici diritti aggiuntivi alle persone che interagiscono con Outbrain quali il diritto di accesso, di rettifica, di opposizione, di reclamo, di cancellazione e di blocco. Più specificamente e in determinate circostanze:
il diritto di richiedere informazioni sull'eventualità del trattamento in atto e su quali dati personali siano trattati da noi, nonché il diritto di richiedere la rettifica o la modifica di tali dati personali.
il diritto di richiedere che i dati personali siano cancellati.
il diritto di chiedere che il trattamento dei dati personali sia soggetto a limitazioni.
il diritto alla revoca del proprio consenso al trattamento e all'utilizzo dei propri dati, in tutto o in parte, in qualsiasi momento con applicazione per il futuro.
il diritto di ottenere i propri dati personali in un formato comune, strutturato e leggibile da un dispositivo automatico.
il diritto di contattare il nostro responsabile della protezione dei dati nel caso in cui vi siano domande, commenti, reclami o richieste in relazione alla nostra dichiarazione sulla protezione dei dati e sul trattamento dei dati personali.
il diritto di sporgere reclamo presso l'autorità di controllo responsabile qualora si ritenga che il trattamento dei propri dati personali avvenga in violazione della legislazione.
In aggiunta a quanto sopra, facciamo riferimento a determinati diritti per i cittadini dei Territori europei nel corso della presente politica sulla privacy. Ai sensi del GDPR, con il termine cittadini dei "
Territori europei
" si intendono i cittadini dello Spazio economico europeo (SEE), dell’Associazione europea di libero scambio (EFTA) e della Svizzera. Ai fini della presente Informativa sulla privacy, il termine "Territori europei" continuerà a includere il Regno Unito, anche dopo che il Regno Unito avrà lasciato lo Spazio economico europeo in seguito alla Brexit.
Si prega di inviare un'e-mail a
Privacy@outbrain.com
con eventuali domande sull'esercizio dei diritti di cui sopra.
7.
Comunicazione antitracciamento (“Do Not Track”)
+
Alcuni browser trasmettono segnali antitracciamento, denominati "Do Not Track" (DNT), ai siti web. Poiché non esiste una comprensione comune su come interpretare il segnale DNT, al momento Outbrain non altera, modifica o risponde alle richieste o ai segnali DNT di tali browser. Continueremo a monitorare l'attività del settore in questo contesto e rivaluteremo le nostre pratiche DNT se necessario. Nel frattempo, puoi utilizzare la gamma di altri strumenti che mettiamo a disposizione per controllare la raccolta e l'utilizzo dei dati, ivi inclusa la capacità di rinunciare a ricevere consigli personalizzati consultando la sezione Utenti.
8.
Come può variare la presente politica sulla privacy
+
Occasionalmente potremmo modificare la presente politica sulla privacy. Inseriremo un avviso in evidenza che ti sarà visibile in qualità di Visitatore del sito o Partner commerciale, tuttavia non disponiamo di mezzi per avvertire gli Utenti in merito a un aggiornamento a titolo di preavviso. Si consiglia di controllare periodicamente per vedere se la Politica sulla privacy è stata aggiornata, in quanto pubblicheremo sempre la data dell'ultima modifica della politica sulla privacy nella parte in alto della pagina affinché tu possa sapere quando è stata rivista l'ultima volta.
Effective February 16th 2022
Download
プライバシー・ポリシー
アウトブレインはお客様の個人データを大切に保護します。このプライバシー・ポリシー（以下「プライバシー・ポリシー」といいます。）は、アウトブレインが収集する全ての個人データを含む情報の利用方法を定めるものです。個人データとは、お客様に関わる情報であって、個人を特定できる情報をいいます。アウトブレインは、お客様の個人データを利用するに際しては、適用されるすべての法令を遵守します。グローバルプライバシープログラムを継続的に実施するプライバシーチャンピオンのチームのもと、信頼と透明性というアウトブレインの価値を守っていきます。 - 全て閉じる
+ EXPAND ALL
– COLLAPSE ALL
1. アウトブレインについて、アウトブレインのミッション、アウトブレイン・アウトブレインのDPO・関係部署へのご連絡
+
アウトブレインについて
このプライバシー・ポリシーは、ニューヨークに本社を置く米国デラウェア州の法人Outbrain Inc.と、その関連子会社（以下、総称して「アウトブレイン」又は「当社」といいます。）に適用されます。当社は世界各地で事業を展開しており、世界中のパブリッシャーやマーケターと提携関係を結んでいます。
当社の子会社であるZemanta Inc.には、別のプライバシー・ポリシーがあります（詳しくは
こちら
）。
アウトブレインのミッション
当社のミッションは、お客様の興味関心に基づいて、レコメンデーションを提供することです。そのため、以下のパートナーと提携関係を結んでいます。
関連するコンテンツを読者に勧めることを希望するオンラインパブリッシャー及びパートナー（関連する契約を
Outbrain Engage
といいます。）
コンテンツを読者に配信することを希望するアドバタイザー（関連する契約を
Outbrain Amplify
といいます。）
関連するレコメンデーションの提供に寄与するサードパーティパートナー
Amplify（アドバタイザー）サービスの詳細については
こちら
、Engage（パブリッシャー）サービスについては
こちら
をご覧ください。
ご連絡先
アウトブレインは、プライバシー・ポリシーを遵守していることを定期的に確認しています。プライバシー・ポリシーに関する質問、コメント及びご要望は、メール（
privacy@outbrain.com
）又は郵送（Outbrain Inc., 222 Broadway 19th Floor, New York, NY 10038, Attn: Privacy Questions.）によりお寄せください。
もし十分な回答が得られない場合、次の窓口にご連絡いただくことができます。
外部のData Protection Officer（以下、「DPO」といいます。）：ePrivacy GmbH 担当者：Christoph Bauer博士 ePrivacy GmbHに連絡する場合、
dpo@outbrain.com
宛に直接ご連絡ください。」
アウトブレインを監督する欧州の
Information Commissioner’s Office
2. アライアンスと遵守
+
当社は、
Digital Advertising Alliance
（DAA）及び
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
（EDAA）が定める自主規制原則を遵守します。
当社は、データ収集及びデジタル広告の使用を担当する団体である
Network Advertising Initiative
（NAI）の会員です。また、「WebとモバイルのためのNAI行動規範」を遵守しています。アウトブレインはまた、オンライン行動広告のための対話型広告局（IAB）の自己規制原則、及びIAB欧州OBAフレームワークを遵守しています。
JICWEBS DTSG Brand Safetyによる認証は、
こちら
から確認できます。
3. アウトブレインのユーザータイプ（オプトアウトを含む）
+
このプライバシー・ポリシーは、お客様がアウトブレインに提供する情報の提供方法に基づいてセクションに分けられています。お客様は、サイト訪問者、ユーザー又はビジネスパートナー（以下に定義します）のいずれに該当するか、ご確認ください。ユーザータイプごとに、当社が収集する情報とその理由、当社が使用するクッキーやその他の類似技術、当社がそのような情報をどのように共有するか、及びお客様の権利について説明しています。
サイト訪問者：Outbrain.com （又はOutbrain.co.uk、Outbrain.fr、outbrain.de等）（以下、「当社サイト」といいます。） において、ウェブサイト、ウェブページ、インタラクティブ機能、ブログ、及びこれらの内容にアクセスする場合、サイト訪問者に該当します。詳しくはこちらをご覧ください。詳しくは
こちらへ
。
（a）情報収集の方法と理由
当社は、当社のサイトでどのようなサービスがお客様の興味を引くかを理解したいと考えており、また、お客様が当社サイトにアクセスしていないときに、当社が提供するサービスについてお客様にご覧いただきたいと考えています。このため、当社はお客様のデバイスから以下の情報を収集します。（i） IPアドレス、（ii）ユーザーエージェントデータ：デバイスの種類（iPhone等）、ブラウザの種類（Chrome等）、オペレーティングシステム（iOS等）、（iii）当社サイトで訪問したページ（アウトブレインの「会社概要」ページ等）、（iv）訪問時間（及び対応するタイムゾーン）、（v）参照URL及びHTTPリクエストで通常送信されるその他の情報（お客様が当社サイトにどのようにたどり着いたかを伝える情報等）。
さらに、お客様が当社サイトを介して、当社にお客様の詳細な情報を送信することに同意した場合（当社のニュースレターを受信するためにサインアップする等）、当社は、お客様の名前と電子メールアドレスを収集することがあります。
（b） 使用するクッキーその他の類似技術
お客様が当社サイトを訪問した際に使用される可能性のあるファーストパーティ及びサードパーティのクッキー（及びそれに対応する保持期間）の詳細なリストについては、随時更新される
クッキーテーブル
の「サイト訪問者」の項目をご覧ください。
（c） 情報共有の方法
当社が当社サイトで取得したお客様の情報の共有
当社は、マーケティングや広告の目的で、お客様の個人情報をサードパーティに共有したり、販売したりすることはありません。当社は、お客様へのマーケティングや広告を行うために、様々なサードパーティ（
クッキーテーブル
に記載されています）を利用することがあります。当社は、これらのサードパーティや企業が、適用されるすべてのデータ保護法を遵守し、当社から共有されるすべての情報を秘密にし、当社に対する義務を履行するためにのみ情報を使用することに同意することを要求します。当社は、これを、個人データを処理するすべてのサードパーティとの間で契約を締結することにより行います。
当社のブログへのコメントについては、その内容と情報が公開されます。コメントを削除したい場合、
support@outbrain.com
までご連絡ください。
当社サイトでのサードパーティサービスの利用
当社サイトには、当社が所有又は運営していないウェブサイトへのリンクが含まれています。当社は、これらのサードパーティのウェブサイトのコンテンツ、製品、サービス、プライバシー・ポリシー又は運用を管理、推奨又は保証していません。例えば、当社サイトでは、当社のFacebookページやLinkedInページに移動するクリック可能なアイコンが表示されています。これらのリンクをクリックする場合、これらのサイトは当社が所有又は運営しているわけではないため、サードパーティのウェブサイトは独自のクッキーをお客様のデバイスに送信し、独自に個人データを収集する可能性があります。したがって、サードパーティのウェブサイトのプライバシー・ポリシーをよく理解しておくことが重要です。
プライバシー・ポリシーの「共有」の項目も参照してください。
(d)
お客様の権利
当社の
利用規約
は、お客様による当社サイトの利用を規定し、お客様が当社サイトにアクセスする際に適用されます。お客様はいつでも当社サイトの使用を停止することができます。その場合、当社サイトへのアクセスに使用されたデバイスから、当社が送信したクッキーを削除することもできます。当社サイトの利用中にお客様がメールアドレスを提供した場合、当社から送信するメールには、「配信停止」のオプションが含まれています。さらに、お客様は、
support@outbrain.com
にメールを送信することで、ダイレクトマーケティングをオプトアウトすることもできます。
欧州地域
のサイト訪問者のために、当社は、当社サイトに同意管理プラットフォーム（
One Trust
が提供）を実装しており、クッキー及び類似のトラッキング技術に同意するかどうかを決める機会を提供しています。当社サイトにアクセスすると、ページの中央に当社が使用するクッキーに関する情報が記載されたバナーが表示されます。このバナーをクリックすると、不可欠なクッキーではない（クッキーテーブルに定義されています）クッキーをオプトアウトすることができます（例えば、パフォーマンスクッキーやターゲティングクッキー）。バナーの「同意する」を押すことで、クッキーや類似のトラッキング技術を受け入れたことになります。当社が、当社サイト上で欧州地域のサイト訪問者の個人データを処理するための合法的な根拠は、
Cookies Settings
.。お客様はいつでも同意を撤回することができます。欧州地域以外のサイト訪問者に関しては、当社は個人データを処理するための正当な利益に依拠していますが、欧州地域以外のサイト訪問者が、当社の同意管理プラットフォームを通じて、同意を撤回することは妨げられません。
ユーザー
：当社のウィジェットがインストールされている、又は当社のリコメンデーションが配置されている当社のパートナーのウェブサイト又はアプリケーション（以下「
パートナーサイト
」といいます。）のページにアクセスする場合、ユーザーに該当します。例えば
https://news.sky.com/uk
,
www.spiegel.de
,
www.cnn.com
といったサイトにアクセスした場合、当社のウィジェットはこれらのウェブサイトに実装されます。当社を参照している旨のテキスト（レコメンデーションの周辺の「Recommended by Outbrain」、「by Outbrain」等）が表示されることにより、当社のウィジェットが実装されていることを知ることができます。当社へのハイパーリンクをクリックすると、
詳細な通知
が表示され、当社の
インタレストポータル
及びプライバシー・ポリシーに移動し、パーソナライズされたリコメンデーションをオプトアウトすることができます。場合によっては、パートナーが自社のサービスのためにアウトブレインのサービスをホワイトラベル化している場合があります。そのような場合、パートナーは、プライバシー・ポリシーで当社の使用を開示しなければなりません。詳しくはこちらをご覧ください。詳しくは
こちらへ
。
当社のウィジェットの例
(a)
情報収集の内容と理由
当社は、UUID、IPアドレスその他の使用情報を使用して、興味関心に沿ったレコメンデーションを提供することができます。当社のレコメンデーションは、新しいウェブサイトにリンクしているアドバタイザーによって支払われている場合や、同じパートナーサイトの別のページにリンクするようなオーガニックなものである場合があります。
UUID.
ユーザーが初めてパートナーサイト（CNN.com等）にアクセスする時、UUIDを生成するために、当社はユーザーのデバイスにクッキーを送信します。また、パートナーのアプリケーションを使用して初めてパートナーにアクセスする場合、当社は、お客様のデバイスによって割り当てられたアドバタイザーIDを受け取ります。アウトブレインは、お客様がパートナーサイトで消費したコンテンツをカタログ化し、分析します。当社のレコメンデーションは、（i）UUIDの閲覧履歴、（ii）他のユーザーの類似の閲覧パターン、（iii）現時点でアウトブレインのユーザーから一般的に人気のあるレコメンデーション、（iv）多少のランダム性、（v）当社のAmplifyクライアントが提供又は要求する可能性のあるターゲティング要件に基づいています。一例として、UUID 123（例えば、Chromeブラウザを使用してiPhone XでThe Guardianを閲覧する人）は、遠く離れた避暑地についての記事を読むことが好きで、遠く離れた避暑地について読むことが好きな人は、エキゾチックな食べ物についての記事を読むことも好きだということを、当社は知ることができます。当社では、お客様が当社とやりとりする際に、メールアドレスや氏名等のいわゆる伝統的な個人情報を収集することはありませんので、お客様の氏名とUUIDを関連付けることはできません（例えば、John Smith がUUID 123であり、遠く離れた避暑地について読むことが好きだということはわかりません）。
UUIDは数字や文字の羅列です。このUUIDはデバイスに付加しており、ブラウザの組合せによって変化します。言い換えれば、当社は、パートナーサイトにアクセスする際に使用するデバイスやブラウザによって異なるUUIDを記録します。例えば、携帯電話からSafariブラウザを使用してパートナーサイトにアクセスした場合に1つのUUIDが、iPadからSafariブラウザを使用してパートナーサイトにアクセスした場合は別のUUIDが記録されます。当社は、ある携帯デバイス（携帯電話又はタブレット）でブラウザからアプリケーションにアクセスした場合（又はその逆）に、同じデバイスからアプリケーションにアクセスした場合のUUIDを組み合わせて統合します。私たちはクロスデバイストラッキングを行っておらず、携帯電話から私たちを使用しているユーザーを、デスクトップから私たちを使用している同じユーザーにリンクすることはできません。
IP
アドレス
お客様のUUIDに加えて、当社ではお客様のIPアドレスを認識しています。その後、この隠された情報を、他の信頼できるサードパーティのパートナー（MaxMind等）から受け取った情報と組み合わせて使用し、お客様がどこにいるのか（ニューヨーク等）を幅広く把握します。当社は、お客様がパーソナルトラッキングをオプトアウトした場合であっても、お客様のIPアドレスを認識します。これは、お客様にコンテキストベースのレコメンデーションを提供し続けるために必要な措置です。
その他の利用情報
当社は、お客様のUUIDとIPアドレスに加えて、次の情報を収集します。（a） デスクトップ及びモバイルウェブ上では、（i） ユーザーエージェントデータ：デバイスの種類（iPhone等）、ブラウザの種類（クローム等）、オペレーティングシステム（iOS等）、（ii）訪問したページ、（iii）訪問時間、（iv）参照URL及びHTTPリクエストで通常送信されるその他の情報。こうした統計的情報は、当社のウィジェットがインストールされているパートナーサイトの特定のページに何人のユーザーが訪問したか、各ユーザーがそのページに滞在した時間、クリックしたそのページのコンテンツの種類、及び一般的にどのようにそのページに関与したかについて、情報を提供するものです。（b）アプリケーション状では、（i）アプリケーションのバージョン（App Store又はPlay Storeに表示されているもの）、（ii）アプリケーションID又はパッケージ名（App Store又はPlay Storeに表示されているもの）、（iii）オペレーティングシステム（IOS又はAndroid等）、（iii）オペレーティングシステムのバージョン、（iv） デバイスのモデル（iPhone X等）。
当社がUUIDと関連付ける場合、これらの情報は個人データとみなされます。当社は、パートナーサイトにアクセスするユーザーと直接関係を持っていないため、当社が個人データを処理することができる合法的な根拠の判断は、パートナーに依拠しています。各パートナーサイトは以下のいずれかに依拠しています。
(b)
使用するクッキーその他の類似技術
アウトブレインのクッキー
アウトブレインのピクセル
サードパーティのピクセル
アウトブレインのクッキー
アウトブレインのテクノロジーが実装されているパートナーサイトにアクセスする際に使用する、ファーストパーティのクッキーの詳細については、
クッキーテーブル
under “Users” の「ユーザー」の項目を参照してください。
アウトブレインのピクセル
パートナーサイトに表示される当社の可視ウィジェットに加えて、特定の当社のアドバタイザーは、自社のウェブサイトに当社のピクセルを実装することができます。当社のピクセルは、特定のキャンペーンに関するレポートをアドバタイザーに提供するために、ピクセルが設置されたページに到達したユーザーが当社のUUIDを持っているかどうかを判断します。そのようなエンドユーザーに関連付けられたUUIDがある場合、当社は、アドバタイザーがそのUUIDをリターゲティングしたり、特定のページに到達したユーザーの総数（集計後の匿名ベース）をアドバタイザーに提供したりすることができます（例えば、アドバタイザーはUUID1234がコンバージョンしたことはわかりませんが、コンバージョンが1回発生したことは知ることができます）。当社は、アドバタイザーに個人データ（お客様のUUIDを含む）を渡したり、ピクセルを介して個人データを収集したりすることはありません。当社は、当社のピクセルから得られた情報をUUIDのプロファイルと組み合わせることはありません（例えば、当社は、UUID123がアドバタイザーが選択したページに到達した際、1つのコンバージョンが行われたことだけを追跡し、UUID123がコンバージョンしたことは追跡しません）。当社は、アドバタイザーに対して、自社のウェブサイトでの当社のピクセルの使用状況を開示するよう求めます
当社はまた、特定の信頼できるサードパーティのパートナーに、当社ウィジェットを通じて配信されるクッキーを介してデータを収集することを許可する場合があります。この場合、アウトブレインは、アウトブレインがユーザーについて収集したデータをこうしたサードパーティに渡すことはありませんが、不正行為防止やセキュリティ保護の目的で、又はアドバタイザーに測定情報（コンバージョン数やインプレッション数等）を提供するために、ウィジェットを介して直接、データ（個人データを含む）を収集することをサードパーティに許可しています。このような収集には、サードパーティのプライバシー・ポリシーが適用されます.
サードパーティのピクセル
お客様が当社のレコメンデーションへのリンクをクリックした場合、レコメンデーションのスポンサーとなっているアドバタイザーは、レコメンデーションの目的ページに到着する前、又は目的ページに到達した時点で、リダイレクトを通じて、お客様のデバイスにクッキー（又はアドバタイザーに代わって行動するサードパーティのクッキー）を置くことがあります。このようなクッキーは、アドバタイザーのキャンペーンに関する分析を、アドバタイザーに提供するために置かれます（例えば、アドバタイザーのキャンペーンを閲覧したユーザーの数を確認するため等）。当社は、アドバタイザーに対し、サードパーティのピクセルやクッキーの使用を、そのウェブサイトを介してエンドユーザーに開示するよう求めています。これらのクッキーやピクセルは、当社のアドバタイザーの独自の裁量で追加されるため、お客様はそのアドバタイザーのプライバシーに関する通知やプライバシー・ポリシーに従うことになります
(c)
情報共有の方法
パートナー
当社は、ユーザーのプロファイル全体をサードパーティと共有したり、販売したりすることはありません。ただし、ユーザーのプロファイルの特定の要素（例えば、UUID）を以下のパートナーと共有することがあります。
ブランドセーフティ、ブランド分析、ブランド詐欺防止に関するパートナー
デマンドサイドプラットフォーム（DSP）及びサプライサイドプラットフォーム（SSP）
アドエクスチェンジやアドネットワーク
デマンドマネジメントプラットフォーム
信頼できるパートナーのリストは
こちら
をご覧ください。加えて、当社は、OpenRTBに参加することにより、信頼できるパートナーと共に個人データを収集したり、共有したりすることがあります。これらのパートナーの多くは、IAB TCFグローバル・ベンダーとして登録されています。詳しくは
こちら
をご覧ください。
(d)
お客様の権利
デスクトップ及びモバイルウェブ上でのアウトブレインのオプトアウト
デスクトップ及びモバイルウェブ上でのアウトブレインのオプトアウト
お客様は、以下のボタンを操作することにより、いつで当社のパーソナルレコメンデーションをオプトアウトすることができます（また、オプトアウトした後に再度登録することもできます）。また、当社のInterestプロファイルは、当社がお客様について知っているデータの一般的な可視化を提供するウェブサイトであり、お客様は、当社の
Interestプロファイル
を介してパーソナルレコメンデーションをオプトアウトすることができます。
アプリケーション上でのアプトブレインのオプトアウト
アプリケーション上でのアプトブレインのオプトアウト
モバイルアプリケーション上でアウトブレインのオプトアウトを行うには、以下の手順に従ってください。
iOSデバイス：設定＞プライバシー＞広告＞追跡型広告を制限
Androidデバイス：Google設定アプリ＞広告＞興味ベースの広告のオプトアウト
当社のInterestプロファイルやプライバシー・ポリシーを介してオプトアウトした場合、お客様のアプリケーションにおけるパーソナルトラッキングはオプトアウトされませんのでご注意ください。このオプトアウトは、お客様のデバイスの設定で行う必要があります。
追加のオプトアウトオプション
.
追加のオプトアウトオプション
Yまた、NAIやDAAベースの各種ページ（DAA
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
、DAAC
www.youradchoices.ca/choices
、EDAA
www.youronlinechoices.eu
）等のツールを介して、当社や他の広告会社が提供するパーソナライズされた広告の受信をオプトアウトすることもできます。NAI、DAA、DAAC又はEDAAの利用者用選択ページにアクセスし、参加しているサービスの一部又は全部をオプトアウトすることができます。当社のオプトアウトとは異なり、これらのオプトアウトは、お客様が広告を受け取らなくなることを意味するものではありません。例えば、お客様が閲覧している特定のウェブサイトに基づいた広告（コンテクストベースの広告）は引き続き表示されます。また、DAA、DAAC、EDAAの消費者選択ページにアクセスした際、ブラウザがクッキーをオプトアウトするように設定されている場合、当社のオプトアウトはクッキーに基づいているため、お客様のオプトアウトが有効とならない可能性があります。
重要な情報
当社のパーソナルレコメンデーションをオプトアウトした場合であっても、
アウトブレインのレコメンデーションは表示されます。
アウトブレインのパーソナルトラッキングをオプトアウトしたからといって、アウトブレインからのレコメンデーションを受け取れなくなるわけではありません。その代わり、アウトブレインのレコメンデーションはパーソナライズされません（すなわち、コンテキストに基づいたレコメンデーションとなります）。
お客様のオプトアウトは、クッキーに基づいたデバイス／ブラウザ固有のものとなります。
お客様が複数のデバイスやブラウザからウェブを閲覧する場合、各デバイスやブラウザからオプトアウトする必要があります。同じ理由で、新しいデバイスを購入したり、ブラウザを変更したり、オプトアウトクッキーを削除（又はクリア）したりした場合も、再度オプトアウトする必要があります。パーソナライゼーショントラッキングをオプトアウトすることは、クッキーをブロックすることと同じではありません。
プロファイルの削除はお客様の
UUID
に関連付けられているため、少なくとも
21
日間はアウトブレインにオプトインしないでください。
.
当社のパーソナルレコメンデーションからのオプトアウトは直ちに有効となります。ただし、ご利用のブラウザがローカルストレージを許可しており、オプトアウトから21日以内に、当社のパーソナルレコメンデーションにオプトインした場合（例えば、クッキーバナーを受け入れる等）、以前のプロファイルがお客様のUUIDに再接続される可能性があります。21日以内にオプトインしなければ、お客様のプロファイルは復元されない形で削除されます。
ほとんどのオプトアウトクッキーと同様に、当社のブラウザのオプトアウトはクッキーに依存しています。
オプトアウトクッキーは、ユーザーの好みを尊重するために永続的であることが意図されています。しかし、iOS11の「インテリジェントトラッキング防止」機能は、24時間後のウェブサイト全体のクッキーの永続性に影響を与える可能性があります。別のブラウザを使用するか、ブラウザからすべてのサードパーティのクッキーをブロックすることで、企業ごとのオプトアウト方法に頼ることなく、「オプトアウト」されることをお勧めします。
お客様のローカルストレージはクリアされません。
当社のパーソナルレコメンデーションをオプトアウトしても、ローカルストレージは自動的にクリアされないため、オプトアウトに加えてブラウザレベルでクリアを行う必要があります。
ビジネスパートナー：Amplify又はEngageサービスを使用するため、会社を代表して登録する（又は当社にメールを送る）場合、ビジネスパートナーに該当します。詳しくはこちらをご覧ください。詳しくは
こちらへ
。
(a)
情報収集の方法と理由
お客様は、Amplify又はEngageサービスに登録する際、又は当社との通信その他のやりとりをする際、特定の個人データ（氏名やメールアドレス等）を提供することがあります。お客様がビジネスパートナーになることを申請する場合、当社はアドバタイザー申請書、記入申込書その他の様式を通じて、お客様に追加情報を依頼することがあります。また、アウトブレインのダッシュボードにおいて、お客様のユーザー名により行われた行動に関する情報は、自動的に収集されます。例えば、Amplifyビジネスパートナーとして、お客様がキャンペーンのクリック単価を変更した場合、当社の監査記録にこうしたアクションの全ての記録が残ります。
当社は、お客様とのビジネスパートナー（又は将来のビジネスパートナー）としての契約に基づく義務として、以下に掲げる業務を遂行するため、上記の個人データを収集し、処理します。
お客様からのご質問やご要望への回答
当社のAmplify又はEngageサービスの特定の機能や、機能へのアクセスのお客様への提供（例：お客様のダッシュボードアカウントの提供・維持）
本人確認
お客様のアカウント、当社の製品、及びお客様によるAmplify又はEngageサービスのご利用に関連する利用可能なプロモーションについて、お客様とやり取りを行うこと
(b)
使用するクッキーその他の類似技術
当社がビジネスパートナーとの間で使用するファーストパーティ及びサードパーティのクッキー（及びそれに対応する保持期間）の詳細なリストについては、
クッキーテーブル
の「ビジネスパートナー」の項目をご覧ください。
(c)
情報共有の方法
当社は、特定のビジネスパートナー情報を、ベンダー、委託先、又はサービスの提供（クレジットカードの処理等）により当社を支援するその他の者に開示することがあります。また、プライバシー・ポリシーの「共有」のセクションもご参照ください。
(d)
お客様の権利
ビジネスパートナーとして、自身の情報の確認、修正、更新、削除を希望する場合は、当社のダッシュボードにアクセスしてプロファイルの設定を編集するか、
support@outbrain.com
までご連絡ください。当社からのメールを受信している場合は、メールに記載されているリンクを使用して「配信停止」を行うことができます。配信停止は、Amplify又はEngageサービスの提供に不可欠な通知（電子請求書等）をオプトアウトするものではありません。
(e)
法的根拠
当社がビジネスパートナーの個人データを処理する合法的な根拠は、契約です。
4.
セキュリティ、EEA外への移転、共有及びデータ保持
+
セキュリティ
EU / EEA外へのデータ転送
共有
データの保持
セキュリティ
アウトブレインには専門のセキュリティチームがあります。当社が収集した個人データを厳重に管理し、ファイアウォールで保護されたデータベースに保管し、アクセス権を厳密に制限して管理し、安全性を確保しています。詳細については、当社の
セキュリティ基準
をご覧ください。
ビジネスパートナーは、Amplify又はEngageサービスの特定のパスワードで保護された機能に、アクセスすることができます。ビジネスパートナーは、このパスワードの機密性を保持し、従業員やその代理人が同様に機密性を保持するよう確保する責任があります。残念ながら、インターネットを介した情報伝達は完全に安全ではないことに留意する必要があります。よくあるインターネット詐欺に「なりすまし」や「フィッシング」があります。これは、合法的にみえる情報源から、個人情報を要求するメールを受信した場合に発生します。当社は、クレジットカードや銀行情報、その他の個人情報の確認を要求するメールを送信することはありませんので、ご注意ください。当社からと思われる電子メールで、こうした個人情報を要求するものを受け取った場合は、返信をせず、電子メール内のリンクをクリックしないようにしてください。インターネット詐欺の可能性がある場合は、当社で調査を行いますので、
legal@outbrain.com
, までメールをご転送ください。
EU / EEA外へのデータ転送
当社が欧州経済領域（EEA）から個人データを転送する場合、当社は、該当する場合、EU標準契約条項、欧州委員会の十分性認定（指令95/46/EC第25条6項又はGDPR第45条によるもの）を含む、関連するデータ保護法を遵守していることを確認します。言い換えれば、お客様の権利と保護はお客様のデータとともにあり、当社は、お客様の個人データの受信者がデータを確実に保護するように設計され、承認された契約条項その他の手段を使用しています。アウトブレインは、EEA域外へのデータ転送を管理するために、アウトブレインの事業体間の標準契約条項を定めています。
共有
当社は、ユーザーの種類ごとに規定されるお客様の個人情報の開示方法に加えて、以下のとおり個人情報を開示することがあります。
アウトブレインが管理する企業グループ内における内部的な理由（主として事業及び業務上の目的）のために、個人情報が開示されることがあります。
合併、他社による買収、又は当社資産の全部又は一部の売却等、当社が企業組織の再編を行う場合、お客様の個人情報は譲渡される資産の中に含まれる可能性が高いです。
法的に要求された場合（法執行機関の調査やその他の法的手続に協力する場合等）は、個人情報が開示されることがあります。
非常に緊急の事態に対応するため、個人情報が開示されることがあります。
また、お客様の個人情報は、他のユーザーの個人情報と組み合わせて、傾向情報やユーザー統計を集計してサードパーティと共有するために、常に匿名で集計されています。
データの保持
アウトブレインが使用するクッキー（当社独自のものであるか、サードパーティによる代行であるかを問いません）の保存期間は、
クッキーテーブル
. に記載されています。具体的には、クリック等のユーザーの行動を追跡するために使用される当社のクッキー（Obuid）は、ユーザーが当社ネットワーク内の特定のサイトを訪問してから3ヶ月後に、有効期限が到来しますが、ユーザーが同じサイトに戻ったり、当社ネットワーク内の別のサイトに戻ったりした場合、このクッキーはリセットされます。また、当社はユーザーの個々のデータポイントを13ヶ月以上保持することはありません。例えば、UUID 123が2018年12月31日に記事を読んだ場合、2019年2月1日には、その記事はUUID 123のプロファイルの一部ではなくなります。
当社はまた、特定のデータが法的に又は事業目的のために合理的に必要とされる期間を分析した上で、個人データの保持期間を詳細に定めたデータ保持ポリシーを維持しています。個人データを必要としなくなった場合は、安全に削除又は破棄します。集計データのうち、デバイスやブラウザ（又は個人）を特定できず、レポートや分析の目的で使用されるものは、商業的に必要な限り維持されます。
5.
未成年者及び機微なデータ
+
未成年者
当社のサービスは、16歳未満の未成年者を意図的に対象としたものではありません。当社は、16歳未満の方から意図して個人データを収集することはありません。サイト訪問者、ユーザー、又はビジネスパートナーが16歳未満であることが個人データの収集時に判明した場合、当社は、その人の個人データを使用したり、維持したりすることはありません。当社が意図せずに16歳未満の方から個人データを収集していることに気づいた場合、当社は、そのような情報を記録から削除するための合理的な努力を行います。もしあなたが子供である場合、アウトブレインを使用するよりも庭で遊びましょう！
機微なデータ
当社は、個人データのうち、機微なカテゴリーのものを収集したり、受け取ったりすることはありません。
6.
欧州地域の訪問者
+
特定の個人情報保護法、特にEU一般データ保護規則（GDPR）に基づき、当社は、当社にアクセスする個人に対して、アクセス、訂正、異議申立て、苦情、削除、ブロックといった特定の追加的権利を提供しています。より具体的には、以下が該当します。
個人データが当社によって処理されているかどうか、どの個人データが処理されているかについて情報を要求する権利及び個人データの修正や訂正を要求する権利
個人データの削除を要求する権利
個人データの処理を制限することを要求する権利
個人データの処理と使用に対する同意を完全に又は部分的に撤回することを申請する権利
個人データを、一般的に整理された機械的に読み取り可能な形式で入手する権利
個人情報保護及び個人情報の処理に関する当社の声明に関連して、ご質問、ご意見、苦情、ご要望がある場合、当社のDPOに連絡する権利
個人データの処理が法律に違反していると思われる場合には、責任ある監督当局に違反を申し出る権利
上記に加えて、プライバシー・ポリシーでは、欧州地域の住民のための特定の権利が参照されます。GDPRに従い、「欧州地域」とは、欧州経済領域（EEA）、欧州自由貿易地域（EFTA）、スイスを意味します。プライバシー・ポリシーにおいて、「欧州地域」という用語には、英国がEUから離脱した後も、英国を含むものとします。
上記の権利の行使に関するご質問は、
Privacy@outbrain.com
までメールでお問い合わせください。
7.
「Do Not Track」の開示
+
一部のブラウザは、ウェブサイトにDo Not Track（DNT）信号を送信します。DNT信号をどのように解釈するかについての共通の理解は未だ確立していないため、当社は現在、これらのブラウザからのDNT要求や信号に対応していません。当社は、今後もこの分野における業界の活動を注視し、必要に応じて当社のDNTに関する運用を見直していきます。その間、お客様は、ユーザーセクションのパーソナルレコメンデーションの受信をオプトアウトする機能を含む、データの収集と使用を制御するために当社が提供する様々なツールを使用することができます。
8.
プライバシー・ポリシーの更新
+
当社は、このプライバシー・ポリシーを随時変更することができます。当社は、サイト訪問者やビジネスパートナーの目に触れるよう、プライバシー・ポリシーを目立つ場所に掲載しますが、当社は、お客様に対し個別に更新を通知する方法を有していません。プライバシー・ポリシーが更新されたかどうかは、定期的にこちらをチェックして確認してください。
Effective February 16th 2022
Download
Privacybeleid
Outbrain zet zich in voor de bescherming van uw persoonsgegevens. Dit privacybeleid ("
Privacybeleid
") regelt het gebruik van de door ons verzamelde gegevens door Outbrain, met inbegrip van alle persoonsgegevens. Persoonsgegevens zijn informatie die betrekking heeft op u en die u kan identificeren als individu. Wij gebruiken uw persoonsgegevens in overeenstemming met alle toepasselijke wetten. Om de naleving te garanderen en om aan te sluiten bij de waarden van Outbrain op het gebied van vertrouwen en transparantie, hebben we een team van privacyvoorvechters die verantwoordelijk zijn voor de voortdurende implementatie van ons wereldwijde privacyprogramma.
+ EXPAND ALL
– COLLAPSE ALL
1.
Wie we zijn, Wat we doen, Hoe u contact kunt opnemen met Outbrain, onze gegevensbeschermingsfunctionaris of de relevante autoriteiten
+
Wie we zijn:
Dit privacybeleid is van toepassing op Outbrain Inc., een onderneming uit Delaware, VS, met hoofdkantoor in New York; en haar gelieerde dochterondernemingen (gezamenlijk, "
Outbrain
," of "
wij
", "
ons
", "
onze
"). We zijn actief in verschillende kantoren in de hele wereld en we werken samen met uitgevers en marketeers over de hele wereld.
Dochteronderneming Zemanta Inc van Outbrain heeft een apart Privacybeleid, dat
hier
kan worden gevonden.
Wat we doen:
De missie van Outbrain is om u interessante aanbevelingen te doen op basis van wat volgens ons uw interesses zijn. Om onze missie te bereiken sluiten we overeenkomsten met:
online uitgevers en partners die relevante inhoud aan hun lezers willen aanbevelen (dit is Outbrain Engage);
adverteerders die willen dat de lezers hun content bekijken (dit is
Outbrain Amplify
); en
externe partners die ons helpen relevante aanbevelingen te doen.
Zie
hier
voor meer informatie over onze Amplify-diensten (voor adverteerders) en
hier
voor onze Engage-diensten (voor uitgevers).
Hoe u contact met ons kunt opnemen:
Wij controleren regelmatig onze naleving van dit Privacybeleid. Vragen, opmerkingen en verzoeken met betrekking tot dit Privacybeleid zijn welkom en dienen in eerste instantie te worden gericht aan
privacy@outbrain.com
of per post aan
Outbrain Inc., 222 Broadway 19th Floor, New York, NY 10038, Attn: Privacy Questions
.
Als Outbrain uw vragen of zorgen niet naar tevredenheid beantwoordt, kunt u voor advies, ondersteuning of klachten ook contact opnemen met:
de externe gegevensbeschermingsfunctionaris ("DPO" van Outbrain: ePrivacy GmbH, vertegenwoordigd door Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer. ePrivacy GmbH is rechtstreeks te bereiken op dpo@outbrain.com ; en/of
de
Information Commissioner’s Officer
, die de belangrijkste toezichthoudende dienst is voor Outbrain binnen de Europese gebieden.
2.
Allianties en naleving
+
Wij leven de zelfreguleringsprincipes na die zijn opgesteld door de
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA) en de
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA);
Wij zijn lid van het
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI), een vereniging die zich inzet voor het verantwoord verzamelen van gegevens en het gebruik ervan voor digitale reclame. We houden ons ook aan de Code of Conduct for Web and Mobile van het NAI. Outbrain leeft ook de Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising van het Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) na, alsmede het IAB Europe OBA Framework; en
We zijn ook
hier
JICWEBS DTSG Brand Safety Certified
.
3.
Types Outbrain-gebruikers (inclusief opt-outopties)
+
Een groot deel van dit Privacybeleid is onderverdeeld in secties op basis van de manier waarop u met Outbrain kunt communiceren. U bent een Bezoeker van de site, een Gebruiker en/of een Business Partner (zoals hieronder gedefinieerd). Bepaal welk type gebruiker u bent. Voor elk type gebruiker hebben we uitgelegd welke informatie we verzamelen en waarom, welke cookies en andere soortgelijke technologieën we gebruiken, hoe we deze informatie delen en wat uw rechten zijn.
Bezoekers van de site:
U bent een Bezoeker van de site wanneer u
onze
websites, webpagina's, interactieve functies, blogs en hun respectievelijke inhoud op
Outbrain.com
(of een afgeleide daarvan, zoals Outbrain.co.uk; Outbrain.fr; outbrain.de etc.) ("
Onze sites
") bezoekt en er interactie mee hebt . Kijk hier voor meer
informatie
.
（a）
Welke informatie we verzamelen en waarom
We willen begrijpen welke diensten op Onze sites u interesseren en we willen u herinneren aan de diensten die we aanbieden wanneer u niet op Onze sites bent. Om dit te doen, verzamelen we de volgende informatie van uw apparaat: (i) IP-adres; (ii) User Agent-gegevens: apparaattype (bijv. iPhone), browsertype (bijv. Chrome), besturingssysteem (bijv. iOS); (iii) de pagina's die u op Onze sites bezoekt (bijv. de "About"-pagina van Outbrain); (iv) het tijdstip van het bezoek (en de bijbehorende tijdzone); en (v) verwijzende URL's en andere informatie die normaal gesproken in HTTP-verzoeken wordt verzonden (bijv. informatie die ons vertelt hoe u op Onze sites bent terechtgekomen).
Daarnaast kunnen wij ook uw naam en e-mailadres verzamelen als u ermee akkoord gaat dat uw gegevens via Onze sites naar ons worden verzonden (bijvoorbeeld door u aan te melden voor onze nieuwsbrief).
（b）
Welke cookies en andere soortgelijke technologieën we gebruiken
Zie deze
Cookietabel
, die van tijd tot tijd wordt bijgewerkt, onder de sectie "Bezoekers van de site" voor een gedetailleerde lijst met eigen en externe cookies (en de bijbehorende bewaartermijnen) die kunnen worden gebruikt wanneer u Onze sites bezoekt.
（c）
Hoe we informatie kunnen delen
Delen van informatie die we over u verzamelen op Onze sites.
Wij verkopen en/of delen geen persoonsgegevens over u met derden voor marketing- of reclamedoeleinden van derden.  Wij maken mogelijk gebruik van verschillende derden (elk vermeld in de
Cookietabel
) die ons kunnen helpen bij het marketen of adverteren aan u.  Wij verplichten deze derde partijen en bedrijven om zich te houden aan alle toepasselijke wetten op het gebied van gegevensbescherming, alle informatie die met hen wordt gedeeld vertrouwelijk te houden en de informatie alleen te gebruiken om hun verplichtingen jegens ons na te komen. Dit doen we door overeenkomsten te sluiten met alle derden die persoonsgegevens verwerken.
Als u een bericht plaatst op onze blog, is uw commentaar en informatie openbaar. Neem contact op met
support@outbrain.com
als u uw commentaar wilt verwijderen.
Gebruiken van diensten van derden op Onze sites.
Onze sites bevatten links naar andere websites die wij niet bezitten of exploiteren. Wij hebben geen controle over de inhoud, de producten, de diensten, het privacybeleid of de praktijken van deze websites van derden, noch bevelen wij deze aan, noch onderschrijven wij deze. Op Onze sites ziet u bijvoorbeeld klikbare pictogrammen die u naar de Outbrain-pagina op Facebook of de Outbrain-pagina op LinkedIn brengen. Als u ervoor kiest om op deze links te klikken, moet u weten dat deze sites geen eigendom zijn van Outbrain of worden beheerd door Outbrain en dat deze websites van derden daarom hun eigen cookies naar uw apparaat kunnen sturen en onafhankelijk van ons persoonsgegevens kunnen verzamelen. Het is daarom belangrijk dat u zich vertrouwd maakt met het privacybeleid van deze websites van derden.
Zie ook de sectie
Delen
van dit Privacybeleid.
(d)
Uw rechten
Onze
Gebruiksvoorwaarden
regelen uw gebruik van Onze sites en zijn op u van toepassing wanneer u communiceert met Onze sites. U kunt op elk moment stoppen met het gebruik van Onze sites. Als u dat doet, kunt u ook de cookies verwijderen die we hebben geplaatst op elk apparaat dat u hebt gebruikt om toegang te krijgen tot Onze sites. U kunt dit doen via uw browser. Als u tijdens het gebruik van Onze sites uw e-mailadres hebt opgegeven, bevat elke e-mail die u van Outbrain ontvangt de optie "unsubscribe" (afmelden). Daarnaast kunt u zich ook afmelden (opt-out) voor direct marketing door een e-mail te sturen naar
support@outbrain.com
.
Voor Bezoekers van de site in de
Europese gebieden
heeft Outbrain een platform voor toestemmingsbeheer (ondersteund door
One Trust
) op Onze sites geïmplementeerd, dat u de mogelijkheid biedt om al dan niet toestemming te geven voor cookies en soortgelijke traceertechnologieën. Bij toegang tot Onze sites ziet u midden op de pagina een banner met informatie over de cookies die wij gebruiken. U kunt op de banner klikken om alle cookies te weigeren (bijvoorbeeld prestatiecookies of targeting cookies) die niet strikt noodzakelijk zijn (zoals gedefinieerd in de cookietabel). Door op "I Accept" (Accepteren) op de banner te drukken geeft u aan dat u cookies en soortgelijke traceertechnologieën accepteert. De wettelijke grondslag van Outbrain voor het verwerken van persoonsgegevens van Bezoekers van de site uit de Europees gebieden op Onze Sites is toestemming U kunt uw toestemming te allen tijde intrekken
Cookies Settings
. Met betrekking tot alle andere Bezoekers van de site die zich niet in Europese gebieden bevinden, vertrouwen wij op ons legitieme belang voor de verwerking van persoonsgegevens, maar dit sluit niet uit dat Bezoekers van de site vanuit niet-Europese gebieden hun toestemming te allen tijde kunnen intrekken via ons platform voor toestemmingsbeheer.
Gebruikers:
U bent een Gebruiker wanneer u een pagina van een website of een app van een van de partners van Outbrain bezoekt waarop of waarin de Outbrain-widget is geïnstalleerd of onze aanbevelingen zijn geplaatst ("
Partnersites
"). Als u bijvoorbeeld
https://news.sky.com/uk
,
www.spiegel.de
of
www.cnn.com
bezoekt, is de Outbrain-widget op die websites geïmplementeerd. U weet dat u een Outbrain-widget gebruikt wanneer u tekst ziet die verwijst naar Outbrain (bijvoorbeeld "Recommended by Outbrain", "by Outbrain" in de buurt van aanbevelingen). Als u op de hyperlink naar Outbrain klikt, ziet u een
gedetailleerde kennisgeving
die u in staat stelt om naar
het Interest Portal van Outbrain
en dit Privacybeleid te navigeren, waar u zich kunt afmelden voor gepersonaliseerde aanbevelingen. In sommige gevallen kan een partner een white-label Outbrain-service hebben voor zijn eigen aanbod. In een dergelijk geval moeten deze partners hun gebruik van Outbrain bekendmaken in hun privacybeleid. Kijk hier voor meer
informatie
.
Voorbeeld van een Outbrain-widget.
(a)
Welke informatie we verzamelen en waarom
We gebruiken UUID's, IP-adressen en andere Gebruiksinformatie zodat we interessante aanbevelingen kunnen doen. De aanbevelingen van Outbrain kunnen worden betaald door een adverteerder die u naar een nieuwe website linkt, of ze kunnen organisch zijn, zodat de link verwijst naar een andere pagina op dezelfde Partnersite.
UUID.
Wanneer u als Gebruiker voor het eerst een Partnersite (bijv. CNN.com) bezoekt, laat Outbrain een cookie op uw apparaat achter om een UUID te genereren. Als u voor het eerst met een Partner communiceert via de app van die Partner, ontvangt Outbrain uw adverteerders-ID die door uw apparaat aan u is toegewezen. Wij catalogiseren en analyseren de content die u gebruikt op de verschillende Partnersites. Onze aanbevelingen zijn gebaseerd op: (i) de browsegeschiedenis van een UUID; (ii) vergelijkbare browsepatronen van andere Gebruikers; (iii) aanbevelingen die in het algemeen op dit moment populair zijn bij het publiek van Outbrain; (iv) enige willekeurigheid, en (v) targetingeisen die door onze Amplify-klanten kunnen worden geleverd of gevraagd. Outbrain kan bijvoorbeeld weten dat UUID 123 (dat zou u kunnen zijn op uw iPhone X die met Chrome als uw browser The Guardian bezoekt) graag leest over verre vakantiebestemmingen en dat mensen die graag over verre vakantiebestemmingen lezen ook graag lezen over exotisch eten. Als u contact hebt met Outbrain, verzamelen we geen traditionele persoonsgegevens van u, zoals uw e-mailadres of naam, dus we kunnen uw naam niet koppelen aan uw UUID (we weten bijvoorbeeld niet dat Jan de Vries, die ook UUID 123 is, graag leest over verre vakantiebestemmingen).
De UUID is een reeks cijfers en/of letters. Deze UUID koppelt zichzelf aan uw apparaat en varieert afhankelijk van uw browsercombinatie. Met andere woorden: Outbrain registreert verschillende UUID's afhankelijk van welk apparaat en/of welke browser u gebruikt bij het bezoeken van de Partnersites. U hebt bijvoorbeeld een bepaalde UUID wanneer u een Partnersite met de browser Safari vanaf uw mobiele telefoon bezoekt, en een andere UUID wanneer u een Partnersite met de browser Safari vanaf uw iPad bezoekt. Outbrain combineert en consolideert een UUID uit een mobiel apparaat (handheld of tablet) vanuit een browser die vervolgens een app bezoekt (of omgekeerd) vanaf datzelfde apparaat. Outbrain voert geen cross-devicetracking uit en kan daarom een gebruiker die op zijn telefoon communiceert met Outbrain niet koppelen aan dezelfde gebruiker die op zijn pc communiceert met Outbrain.
IP-adres
Naast uw UUID herkennen we uw IP-adres, dat we vertalen naar uw geolocatie, waarbij we het laatste octet verwijderen om de identificerende informatie te maskeren. We gebruiken deze gemaskeerde informatie vervolgens in combinatie met informatie die we hebben ontvangen van andere vertrouwde derde partijen (zoals MaxMind) om een globaal inzicht te krijgen in waar u zich bevindt (bijvoorbeeld in New York). Outbrain herkent uw IP-adres ook als u zich afmeldt voor gepersonaliseerde tracking, omdat dit nodig is om u te kunnen blijven voorzien van contextgebaseerde aanbevelingen. In dergelijke gevallen wordt uw IP-adres echter niet gekoppeld aan uw UUID en maakt het geen deel uit van gebruikersprofielen.
Andere Gebruiksinformatie
Naast uw UUID en IP-adres verzamelen we ook de volgende informatie van u op (a) desktop en mobiel internet: (i) User Agent-gegevens: apparaattype (bijv. iPhone), browsertype (bijv. Chrome), besturingssysteem (bijv. iOS); (ii) de bezochte pagina's; (iii) het tijdstip van het bezoek; en (iv) verwijzende URL's en andere informatie die normaal gesproken in HTTP-verzoeken wordt verzonden.De bovenstaande statistische informatie geeft ons informatie over hoeveel Gebruikers een specifieke pagina op onze Partnersites hebben bezocht waarop de Outbrain-widget is geïnstalleerd, hoe lang elke Gebruiker op die pagina is gebleven, het type inhoud op die pagina waarop hij heeft geklikt en hoe hij zich over het algemeen met die pagina heeft beziggehouden; en (b) op apps (i) appversie (zoals die verschijnt in de App Store of Play Store); (ii) app-ID of pakketnaam (zoals die verschijnt in de App Store of Play Store); (iii) besturingssysteem (bijv. iOS of Android); (iii) versie van het besturingssysteem; en (iv) model van het apparaat (bijv. iPhone X). Deze informatie wordt beschouwd als persoonsgegevens indien Outbrain ze koppelt aan een UUID.
Aangezien Outbrain geen directe relatie heeft met Gebruikers die de Partnersites gebruiken, vertrouwt Outbrain op zijn partners om te bepalen op welke wettelijke grondslag Outbrain persoonsgegevens mag verwerken. Elke Partnersite vertrouwt op
(b)
Welke cookies en andere soortgelijke technologieën we gebruiken
Outbrain-cookies
Outbrain-pixels
Pixels van derden
Outbrain-cookies
Zie de
Cookietabel
under “Users” onder "Gebruikers" voor een gedetailleerde lijst van de Eigen cookies die we gebruiken als u Partnersites bezoekt waarop de Outbrain-technologie is geïmplementeerd.
Outbrain-pixels
Naast de zichtbare widget van Outbrain op Partnersites, kunnen bepaalde Outbrain-adverteerders de Outbrain-pixel op hun websites implementeren. De Outbrain-pixel bepaalt of de Gebruiker die de pagina bezoekt waar de pixel is geïnstalleerd een Outbrain-UUID heeft, om te kunnen rapporteren aan adverteerders met betrekking tot hun specifieke campagne. Als er een UUID aan een dergelijke eindgebruiker is gekoppeld, staat Outbrain adverteerders toe om die UUID's te retargeten en/of levert het adverteerders het totale aantal Gebruikers (op geaggregeerde en geanonimiseerde basis) die een bepaalde pagina hebben bezocht (een adverteerder weet bijvoorbeeld niet dat UUID1234 geconverteerd is, maar alleen dat er 1 conversie heeft plaatsgevonden). Outbrain geeft zijn adverteerders geen persoonsgegevens door (inclusief uw UUID) en verzamelt geen verdere persoonsgegevens via de pixel. Outbrain combineert geen van de Outbrain-pixel ontvangen informatie met het profiel van een UUID (Outbrain houdt bijvoorbeeld alleen bij dat er 1 conversie heeft plaatsgevonden en niet dat UUID123 is geconverteerd wanneer deze de gekozen pagina van de adverteerder bereikt). Wij eisen van adverteerders dat zij het gebruik van de Outbrain-pixel bekend maken op hun eigen website.
OOutbrain kan ook bepaalde vertrouwde externe partners toestaan om gegevens te verzamelen via cookies die via de Outbrain-widget worden geleverd. In dergelijke gevallen geeft Outbrain deze derden niet de gegevens door die Outbrain over zijn Gebruikers verzamelt, maar staat het deze derden toe om via de widget rechtstreeks gegevens (inclusief persoonsgegevens) te verzamelen voor fraude- en/of veiligheidsdoeleinden of om meetgegevens te verstrekken aan adverteerders (zoals het aantal conversies en/of impressies). Dergelijke vormen van verzamelen vallen onder het privacybeleid van de desbetreffende derden.
Pixels van derden
Als u op een link naar een van onze aanbevelingen klikt, kan de adverteerder die de aanbeveling sponsort, cookies (of cookies van derden die namens de adverteerder handelen) op uw apparaat plaatsen, hetzij via redirects voordat u op de bestemmingspagina van de aanbevelingen komt, hetzij bij het bereiken van de bestemmingspagina. Dergelijke cookies worden geplaatst om de adverteerder te voorzien van analyses met betrekking tot de campagne van de adverteerder (bijvoorbeeld om te zien hoeveel gebruikers de campagne van de adverteerder hebben bekeken). Wij eisen van onze adverteerders dat zij het gebruik van pixels en/of cookies van derden bekend maken via hun website. Aangezien deze cookies en/of pixels naar eigen goeddunken van onze adverteerders worden toegevoegd, bent u onderworpen aan de privacyverklaring en/of het privacybeleid van die adverteerder.
Hoe we informatie kunnen delen
●
Onze partners
Outbrain deelt en/of verkoopt geen volledige profielen van een Gebruiker met en/of aan derden. We kunnen echter bepaalde elementen van een gebruikersprofiel (bijvoorbeeld een UUID) delen met de volgende partners, waaronder:
Partners op het gebied van merkveiligheid, analyse en fraude;
DSP's (Demand Side Platforms) en SSP's (Supply Side Platforms);
Ad exchanges en/of advertentienetwerken; en
Demand Management Platforms.
Zie
hier
voor een lijst met enkele van onze vertrouwde partners.   Daarnaast kunnen we enkele persoonsgegevens verzamelen en/of delen met vertrouwde partners op grond van deelname aan de OpenRTB. Veel van deze partners zijn geregistreerd als IAB TCF Global Vendors en zijn
hier
te vinden.
(d)
Uw rechten
Outbrain opt-out op desktop en mobiel internet
Outbrain opt-out op desktop en mobiel internet.
U kunt zich op elk moment afmelden voor de gepersonaliseerde aanbevelingen van Outbrain (of, als u zich hebt afgemeld en zich weer wilt aanmelden) door de schakelaar hieronder te verplaatsen. U kunt zich ook afmelden voor gepersonaliseerde aanbevelingen via het
interesseprofiel
van Outbrain, een website die een algemene visualisatie geeft van de gegevens die Outbrain over u weet en kan gebruiken om zijn aanbevelingen te doen.
Outbrain opt-out op apps
Outbrain opt-out op apps
Om u af te melden voor de aanbevelingen van Outbrain op uw mobiele apps, kunt u de onderstaande stappen volgen:
iOS-apparaten: Instellingen > Privacy > Reclame > Beperk reclametracking
Android-apparaten: Google-instellingen > Advertenties > Afmelden voor personalisatie van advertenties
Houd er rekening mee dat een opt-out via ons Interesseprofiel en/of dit Privacybeleid geen opt-out is van gepersonaliseerde tracking op uw apps. Deze opt-out moet gebeuren via de instellingen van uw apparaat.
Aanvullende opt-outopties
.
Aanvullende opt-outopties.
U kunt zich ook afmelden voor het ontvangen van gepersonaliseerde advertenties die door ons of andere reclamebedrijven worden aangeboden via door de sector aangeboden tools zoals het NAI of de verschillende op DAA gebaseerde pagina's (DAA,
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
; DAAC,
www.youradchoices.ca/choices
en/of EDAA
www.youronlinechoices.eu
). Wanneer u de consumentenkeuzepagina's van NAI, DAA, DAAC of EDAA bezoekt, kunt u zich afmelden voor alle of een deel van de diensten van de deelnemende leden. Net zoals bij de opt-out van Outbrain betekent deze opt-out niet dat u geen reclame meer ontvangt, de advertenties zijn gewoon niet op u afgestemd. U blijft reclame ontvangen, bijvoorbeeld op basis van de website die u bekijkt (dus op context gebaseerde advertenties). Als uw browsers zo zijn geconfigureerd dat cookies worden geweigerd als u de consumentenkeuzepagina's van DAA, DAAC of EDAA bezoekt, kan het bovendien zo zijn dat uw opt-out niet effectief is, omdat onze opt-out gebaseerd is op cookies.
BELANGRIJKE informatie
Ook als u zich hebt afgemeld van de gepersonaliseerde aanbevelingen van Outbrain, geldt:
U blijft aanbevelingen van Outbrain zien.
Uw opt-out voor personaliseringstracking door Outbrain betekent niet dat u geen aanbevelingen van Outbrain meer krijgt. Het betekent wel dat de aanbevelingen van Outbrain niet meer gepersonaliseerd zijn (het worden dus op context gebaseerde aanbevelingen).
Uw opt-out is gebaseerd op cookies en is apparaat-/browserspecifiek.
Als u vanaf verschillende apparaten en/of browsers op het web surft, moet u zich vanaf elk apparaat en/of elke browser afmelden om ervoor te zorgen dat we personaliseringstracking op alle apparaten en browsers voorkomen. Om dezelfde reden moet u zich opnieuw afmelden als u een nieuw apparaat koopt, een andere browser gaat gebruiken of de opt-outcookie verwijdert (of wist). Een opt-out van personaliseringstracking is niet hetzelfde als het blokkeren van cookies.
U moet zich ten minste 21 dagen niet aanmelden bij Outbrain, omdat het verwijderen van uw profiel is gekoppeld aan uw UUID
.
Uw opt-out voor persoonlijke aanbevelingen van Outbrain is onmiddellijk van kracht. Als uw browser echter lokale opslag toestaat en u zich binnen 21 dagen na uw opt-out opnieuw aanmeldt voor de gepersonaliseerde aanbevelingen van Outbrain (bijvoorbeeld door een cookiebanner te accepteren), is het mogelijk dat uw eerdere profiel opnieuw aan uw UUID wordt gekoppeld. Als u zich niet binnen 21 dagen aanmeldt, wordt uw profiel verwijderd en kan het niet meer worden teruggehaald.
Zoals bij de meeste opt-outcookies is de browseropt-out van Outbrain afhankelijk van een cookie.
Het is de bedoeling dat de opt-outcookie blijvend voldoet aan de voorkeuren van de gebruiker. De ITP-functie (Intelligent Tracking Prevention) van iOS11 kan echter invloed hebben op de blijvende aanwezigheid van cookies op websites na een venster van 24 uur. Wij raden u aan een andere browser te gebruiken of te overwegen om alle cookies van derden van de browser te blokkeren, zodat u "opted-out" bent zonder dat u afhankelijk bent van de specifieke opt-outmethode van bedrijven.
Uw lokale opslag wordt niet gewist.
Hoewel u zich hebt afgemeld voor de gepersonaliseerde aanbevelingen van Outbrain, wordt uw lokale opslag niet automatisch gewist en moet u naast uw afmelding deze dus ook op browserniveau wissen.
Business Partners:
U bent een Business Partner wanneer u zich namens het bedrijf waarvoor u werkt registreert (of e-mailt met Outbrain) voor gebruik van de diensten van Outbrain Amplify of Outbrain Engage. Kijk hier voor meer
informatie
.
(a)
Welke informatie we verzamelen en waarom
U kunt bepaalde persoonsgegevens (zoals uw naam en/of e-mailadres) opgeven wanneer u zich aanmeldt voor de diensten van Amplify of Engage of wanneer u op een andere manier met ons communiceert. Als u zich aanmeldt om Business Partner te worden, kunnen wij u om aanvullende informatie vragen via aanmeldingsformulieren voor adverteerders, plaatsingsopdrachten en andere formulieren. Daarnaast verzamelen we automatisch informatie over de acties van uw gebruikersnaam in het Outbrain-dashboard. Een voorbeeld: als u als Amplify Business Partner de kosten-per-klik voor een van uw campagnes wijzigt, bevat het auditspoor van Outbrain een overzicht van al die acties.
Wij verzamelen en verwerken de bovenstaande persoonsgegevens om onze verplichtingen uit hoofde van onze overeenkomst als Business Partner (of toekomstige Business Partner) met u te kunnen nakomen, onder andere om:
antwoord te geven op uw vragen en verzoeken;
u toegang te geven tot bepaalde functies en kenmerken van onze Amplify- of Engage-diensten (bijv. om uw dashboardaccount te leveren en onderhouden);
uw identiteit te verifiëren; en
met u te communiceren over uw account, onze producten en beschikbare promoties die relevant zijn voor uw gebruik van de Amplify- of Engage-dienst.
(b)
Welke cookies en andere soortgelijke technologieën we gebruiken
Zie deze
Cookietabel
onder "Business Partners" voor een gedetailleerde lijst met eigen en externe cookies (en de bijbehorende bewaartermijnen) die wij gebruiken bij Business Partners.
(c)
Hoe we informatie met anderen kunnen delen
We kunnen bepaalde informatie van Business Partners openbaar maken aan verkopers, aannemers of anderen die Outbrain helpen bij het leveren van de diensten (bijv. bij de verwerking van creditcards). Zie ook de sectie Delen van dit Privacybeleid.
(d)
Uw rechten
Als u als Business Partner uw gegevens wilt controleren, corrigeren, bijwerken of het deactiveren van uw gegevens wilt aanvragen, kunt u naar het Outbrain-dashboard gaan om uw profielvoorkeuren aan te passen of contact met ons opnemen via
support@outbrain.com
. Als u e-mails van Outbrain ontvangt, kunt u zich afmelden via een "unsubscribe"-link in de e-mail. Houd er rekening mee dat u zich niet kunt afmelden van meldingen die cruciaal zijn voor het leveren van de Amplify- of Engage-diensten (bijv. facturen via e-mail).
(e)
Wettelijke grondslag
De wettelijke grondslag van Outbrain voor het verwerken van persoonsgegevens van Business Partners is contractueel.
4.
Beveiligingsmaatregelen, doorgifte buiten de EER, delen en bewaren van gegevens
+
Beveiliging
Gegevensoverdracht buiten de EU/EER
Delen
Bewaren van gegevens
Beveiliging
Outbrain heeft een gespecialiseerd beveiligingsteam. We zorgen voor een strikte controle op de persoonsgegevens die we verzamelen en bewaren deze in met firewalls afgeschermde en beveiligde databases met strikt beperkte en gecontroleerde toegangsrechten, om ervoor te zorgen dat ze veilig zijn. Zie onze
veiligheidsstandaarden
voor meer informatie.
Business Partners hebben toegang tot bepaalde met een wachtwoord beveiligde functies van de Amplify- of Engage-dienst. Business Partners zijn verantwoordelijk voor het geheimhouden van dit wachtwoord en moeten ervoor zorgen dat hun medewerkers en/of hun agenten hetzelfde doen. Vergeet niet dat de overdracht van informatie via het internet helaas nooit volledig veilig is. Een veel voorkomende vorm van internetoplichting staat bekend als "spoofing" of "phishing". Daarbij ontvangt u een e-mail van wat een legitieme bron lijkt te zijn, waarin u om persoonsgegevens wordt gevraagd. Wij sturen u geen e-mails waarin we u vragen uw creditcard, bankgegevens of andere persoonsgegevens te verifiëren. Als u ooit een e-mail ontvangt die van ons lijkt te zijn en waarin u om dergelijke informatie wordt gevraagd, reageer er dan niet op en klik niet op de links in de e-mail. In plaats daarvan kunt u de e-mail naar ons doorsturen via
legal@outbrain.com
, omdat wij gevallen van mogelijke internetfraude onderzoeken.
Gegevensoverdracht buiten de EU/EER
Wanneer wij persoonsgegevens uit de Europese Economische Ruimte (EER) overdragen, zorgen wij ervoor dat deze overdrachten in overeenstemming zijn met de relevante wetgeving inzake gegevensbescherming, met inbegrip van, indien van toepassing, standaardcontractbepalingen van de EU of een positieve beschikking van de Europese Commissie op grond van artikel 25, lid 6, van Richtlijn 95/46/EG of artikel 45 van de AVG. Met andere woorden, uw rechten en bescherming blijven gelden voor uw gegevens en wij gebruiken goedgekeurde contractuele clausules en andere maatregelen om ervoor te zorgen dat de ontvangers van uw persoonsgegevens deze beschermen. Outbrain hanteert de standaardcontractbepalingen tussen Outbrain-entiteiten voor de overdracht van gegevens buiten de EER.
Delen
Naast de beschrijving van de manier waarop wij uw persoonsgegevens voor elk type gebruiker kunnen bekendmaken, kunnen wij ook op de volgende manieren persoonsgegevens bekendmaken:
Om interne redenen binnen de familie van bedrijven die door Outbrain worden gecontroleerd, voornamelijk voor zakelijke en operationele doeleinden;
Als we een bedrijfstransitie doormaken, zoals een fusie, overname door een ander bedrijf of de verkoop van alle of een deel van onze activa, zullen uw persoonsgegevens waarschijnlijk deel uitmaken van de overgedragen activa;
Wanneer dit wettelijk verplicht is (bijvoorbeeld om mee te werken aan rechtshandhavingsonderzoeken of andere juridische procedures); en/of
Om te kunnen reageren op een echte noodsituatie.
Daarnaast combineren wij uw persoonsgegevens met die van andere gebruikers om trendinformatie en geaggregeerde gebruikersstatistieken te delen met derden, altijd in geaggregeerde en geanonimiseerde vorm.
Bewaren van gegevens
De bewaartermijn voor elk van de door Outbrain gebruikte cookies (zowel onze eigen cookies als door derden namens ons gebruikte cookies) wordt vermeld in de
Cookietabel
. Meer specifiek: de Outbrain-cookie (Obuid), die wordt gebruikt voor het tracken van acties van de gebruiker zoals kliks, vervalt drie(3) maanden nadat een gebruiker een bepaalde site binnen ons netwerkwerk heeft bezocht; deze cookie wordt echter gereset als een gebruiker terugkeert naar dezelfde site of een andere site binnen ons netwerk. Bovendien bewaren wij geen individuele gegevenspunten van een Gebruiker langer dan 13 maanden. Als UUID 123 bijvoorbeeld op 31 december 2018 een artikel heeft gelezen, maakt dat artikel op 1 februari 2019 geen deel meer uit van het profiel van UUID 123 Outbrain hanteert ook een beleid voor het bewaren van gegevens, waarbij de bewaartermijn voor persoonsgegevens wordt bepaald op basis van onze analyse van hoe lang de specifieke gegevens redelijkerwijs nodig zijn voor wettelijke of zakelijke doeleinden. Wanneer we persoonsgegevens niet meer nodig hebben, verwijderen of vernietigen we deze op een veilige manier. Geaggregeerde gegevens, die niet een apparaat/browser (of individu) kunnen identificeren en die worden gebruikt voor rapportage- en analysedoeleinden, worden zo lang als commercieel noodzakelijk is bewaard.
5.
Kinderen en gevoelige gegevens
+
Kinderen
Geen van onze diensten is opzettelijk gericht op kinderen onder de 16 jaar. We verzamelen niet bewust persoonsgegevens van personen onder de 16 jaar. Indien wij bij het verzamelen van de gegevens vaststellen dat een Bezoeker van de site, een Gebruiker of een Business Partner jonger is dan 16 jaar, zullen wij zijn of haar persoonsgegevens niet gebruiken of bewaren. Als we er achter komen dat we onbewust persoonsgegevens van een kind onder de 16 jaar hebben verzameld, zullen we redelijke inspanningen leveren om dergelijke informatie uit onze gegevens te verwijderen. Als je een kind bent, ga dan lekker buiten spelen en gebruik Outbrain niet!
Gevoelige gegevens
Wij verzamelen of ontvangen geen gevoelige persoonsgegevens.
6.
Bezoekers uit Europese gebieden
+
In overeenstemming met bepaalde privacywetten, in het bijzonder de Europese Algemene Verordening inzake Gegevensbescherming (AVG), voorziet Outbrain in specifieke aanvullende rechten voor personen die met Outbrain in contact komen, zoals het recht op toegang, rectificatie en bezwaar, het recht om een klacht in te dienen, het recht om gegevens te laten wissen en het recht op blokkering. Meer specifiek en onder bepaalde omstandigheden:
het recht om informatie op te vragen over of en welke persoonsgegevens door ons worden verwerkt, en het recht om te eisen dat persoonsgegevens worden gecorrigeerd of gewijzigd.
het recht om te verzoeken dat persoonsgegevens worden gewist.
het recht om te eisen dat de verwerking van persoonsgegevens wordt beperkt.
uw toestemming voor de verwerking en het gebruik van uw gegevens te allen tijde geheel of gedeeltelijk in te trekken bij een toekomstige aanvraag.
het recht om uw persoonsgegevens te verkrijgen in een gebruikelijke, gestructureerde en mechanisch leesbare indeling.
contact op te nemen met onze functionaris voor gegevensbescherming als er vragen, opmerkingen, klachten of verzoeken zijn in verband met onze verklaring over gegevensbescherming en de verwerking van uw persoonsgegevens.
het recht om een klacht in te dienen bij de verantwoordelijke toezichthoudende autoriteit indien u van mening bent dat de verwerking van uw persoonsgegevens in strijd is met de wetgeving.
In aanvulling op het bovenstaande verwijzen we in dit Privacybeleid naar bepaalde rechten voor burgers van de Europese gebieden. Volgens de AVG wordt onder burgers uit "
Europese gebieden
" verstaan de Europese Economische Ruimte (EER), de Europese Vrijhandelszone (EVA) en Zwitserland. In het kader van dit Privacybeleid zal de term "Europese gebieden" het Verenigd Koninkrijk blijven omvatten, zelfs nadat het Verenigd Koninkrijk de Europese Economische Ruimte na Brexit heeft verlaten.
Stuur een e-mail naar
Privacy@outbrain.com
met eventuele vragen over het uitoefenen van een van de bovenstaande rechten.
7.
Bekendmaking over "Do Not Track"
+
Sommige browsers verzenden DNT-signalen (Do Not Track) naar websites. Omdat er geen algemene overeenkomst is over hoe het DNT-signaal moet worden geïnterpreteerd, verandert of wijzigt Outbrain op dit moment niets aan DNT-verzoeken of -signalen van deze browsers en reageert het ook niet op deze verzoeken of signalen. Wij zullen de activiteiten van de sector op dit gebied blijven volgen en onze DNT-praktijken waar nodig opnieuw beoordelen. Intussen kunt u gebruik maken van het scala aan andere tools die wij aanbieden om het verzamelen en gebruiken van gegevens te beheren, inclusief de mogelijkheid om af te zien van het ontvangen van gepersonaliseerde aanbevelingen in de sectie Gebruikers.
8.
Hoe dit Privacybeleid kan veranderen
+
Wij kunnen dit Privacybeleid van tijd tot tijd wijzigen. We plaatsen een opvallend bericht dat zichtbaar is voor u als Bezoeker van de site of als Business Partner, maar we hebben geen mogelijkheid om gebruikers via een bericht op de hoogte te stellen van een update. U kunt hier regelmatig controleren of het Privacybeleid is bijgewerkt, aangezien we altijd de datum van de laatste wijziging van het Privacybeleid boven aan de pagina weergeven, zodat u kunt zien wanneer het voor het laatst is gewijzigd.
Effective February 16th 2022
Download
Política de Privacidade
A Outbrain tem o compromisso de proteger seus dados pessoais. Esta política de privacidade (
“Política de Privacidade”
) rege o uso pela Outbrain dos dados coletados por nós, incluindo todos e quaisquer dados pessoais. Dados pessoais são informações relacionadas a você e que podem identificá-lo como indivíduo. Usamos seus dados pessoais cumprindo todas as leis vigentes. Para garantir a conformidade e o alinhamento aos valores da Outbrain de confiança e transparência nós temos uma equipe de especialistas responsáveis por implementar continuamente o nosso programa global de privacidade.
+ EXPAND ALL
– COLLAPSE ALL
1.
Quem somos, o que fazemos, como contatar a Outbrain, nosso DPO ou as autoridades competentes
+
Quem somos:
Outbrain representa a Outbrain Inc., empresa de Delaware, EUA com sede em Nova York; e suas subsidiárias afiliadas (coletivamente denominadas “Outbrain” ou “nós”, “nos”, “nosso(as)”). Operamos a partir de 12 escritórios globais e trabalhamos em parceria com editores de conteúdo e marketing do mundo todo.
O que fazemos:
A missão da Outbrain é oferecer recomendações interessantes aos seus Usuários com base nos interesses dos Usuários. Para cumprir nossa missão, firmamos acordos com:
Produtores e Divulgadores de conteúdo on-line e parceiros que desejam recomendar conteúdo relevante aos seus leitores (na
Outbrain Engage
); e
anunciantes que desejam que leitores visualizem seu conteúdo (na
Outbrain Amplify
).
Parceiros que nos ajudam a direcionar recomendações relevantes.
Para mais informações sobre nossos serviços Amplify (anunciante), consulte
aqui
e nossos serviços Engage (Divulgador), veja
aqui
.
Como nos contatar:
Nós fazemos, regularmente, verificações de conformidade com base nesta Política de Privacidade. Perguntas, comentários e solicitações relacionados a esta Política de Privacidade são bem-vindas e devem ser encaminhadas a privacy@outbrain.com ou via correio a Outbrain Inc., 222 Broadway 19th Floor, New York, NY 10038, USA, Attn: Privacy Questions.
Caso a Outbrain não forneça resposta satisfatória para suas perguntas ou preocupações, também é possível contatar o seguinte departamento para orientações, suporte ou reclamações:
responsável externa Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) da Outbrain: ePrivacy GmbH, representada pelo Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer. A ePrivacy GmbH pode ser contatada diretamente via dpo@outbrain.com; e/ou
Information Commissioner’s Officer
, que é o principal serviço supervisor da Outbrain nos Territórios Europeus.
2.
Alianças e Adesões
+
Nós aderimos ainda, aos princípios de auto-regulamentação estabelecidos pela
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
e pela
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA);
Nós somos membros e com atestado de bons antecedentes da
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI),  que é uma associação dedicada à coleta responsável de dados e do seu uso para publicidade digital. Também aderimos ao Código de Conduta da NAI para Web e dispositivos móveis. A Outbrain também adere aos princípios auto regulatórios do Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) para publicidade comportamental on-line e à estrutura OBA da IAB Europe; e
Também somos certificados pela JICWEBS DTSG Brand Safety
aqui
.
3.
Tipos de usuários da Outbrain (incluindo as Opções de ser Excluído)
+
Parte desta Política de Privacidade está dividida em seções baseadas no seu modo de interagir com a Outbrain. Você pode ser Visitante, Usuário e/ou um Parceiro de Comercial (conforme definido abaixo). Por favor, determine o tipo de usuário você se enquadra . Para cada tipo de usuário, explicamos que tipo de informação coletamos e por que, quais cookies e outras tecnologias similares usamos, como compartilhamos essas informações e quais são os seus direitos.
Visitantes do Site:
Você é um “Visitante do Site” ao visitar e interagir com os nossos websites, páginas na web, recursos interativos, blogs e seus respectivos conteúdos na Outbrain.com (ou qualquer página derivada, como Outbrain.co.uk; Outbrain.fr; Outbrain.de, etc.) (“
Nossos Sites
“). Veja mais
aqui
.
（a）
Quais informações coletamos e por quê
Queremos entender quais serviços dos Nossos Sites interessam a você e lembrá-lo dos serviços que oferecemos quando você não está nos Nossos Sites. Para fazer isso, coletamos as seguintes informações de seus dispositivos: (i) endereço IP; (ii) dados do Agente do Usuário: tipo de dispositivo (ex.: iPhone), tipo de navegador (ex.: Chrome), sistema operacional (ex.: iOS); (iii) páginas visitadas no Nosso Site (ex.: página “Sobre nós” da Outbrain); (iv) horário da visita (e respectivo fuso horário); e (v) URLs de encaminhamento e outras informações normalmente transmitidas em solicitações HTTP (ex.: essas informações nos dizem como você chegou aos Nossos Sites).
Além disso, também podemos coletar seu nome e endereço de e-mail, caso você concorde em enviar seus dados para nós através de Nossos Sites (por exemplo, ao se inscrever para receber nossa newsletter).
（b）
Quais cookies e outras tecnologias similares utilizamos
Por favor, veja  esta
Tabela de Cookies
, a qual é atualizada constantemente, na sessão de
“Visitantes do Site” para uma lista detalhada dos cookies de primeira e terceira partes (e os respectivos períodos de retenção) que podem ser usados quando você visita os Nossos Sites.
（c）
Como podemos compartilhar informações
Compartilhamento de informações que tomamos ciência sobre você nos Nossos Sites.
Nós não comercializamos ou compartilhamos os seus dados pessoais seus com terceiros para fins de marketing ou publicidade. No entanto, podemos usar vários terceiros (todos listados nesta
Tabela de Cookies
) para nos ajudar a direcionar ou fazer publicidade para você.  Nós exigimos que esses terceiros e empresas concordem em cumprir  com todas as leis de proteção de dados vigentes, mantenham confidenciais todas as informações compartilhadas com eles e a usem as informações somente para cumprir suas obrigações conosco. Nós fazemos isso firmando acordos com todos os terceiros que processam dados pessoais em nosso nome para garantir que eles processem seus dados pessoais.
Se você publicar em nosso blog, seu comentário e suas informações ficarão visíveis publicamente. Por favor, entre em contato com support@outbrain.com para solicitar a remoção do seu comentário.
Usando serviços de terceiros nos Nossos Sites.
Nossos Sites contêm links para outros websites que não operamos nem são de nossa propriedade. Não controlamos, recomendamos ou endossamos o conteúdo, os produtos, serviços, políticas de privacidade ou práticas desses websites de terceiros. Por exemplo: nos Nossos Sites, você notará ícones clicáveis que o levam à página da Outbrain no Facebook ou no LinkedIn. Ao escolher clicar nesses links, você deve estar ciente de que esses sites não pertencem ou tampouco são operados pela Outbrain e, portanto,  esses websites de terceiros podem enviar seus próprios cookies ao seu aparelho, que podem coletar dados pessoais de maneira independente. Por isso, é importante que você leia e se familiarize com as políticas de privacidade dos websites de terceiros.
Consulte também a seção de Compartilhamento desta Política de Privacidade.
(d)
Seus direitos
Os
Termos de Uso
no Nosso Site regem o uso do Nosso Site e também se aplicam quando você interage com os Nossos Sites. Você pode interromper o uso do Nosso Site a qualquer momento. Ao fazê-lo, você também tem a opção de remover quaisquer cookies que tenhamos colocado em qualquer dispositivo usado para acessar o Nosso Site. Se você forneceu seu endereço de e-mail durante o uso dos Nossos Sites, todos os e-mails que você receber da Outbrain incluirão a opção de se “descadastrar”. Além disso, você tem a opção de solicitar a exclusão de marketing direto por e-mail support@outbrain.com.
Para Visitantes, no Território Europeu, a Outbrain implementou uma plataforma de gestão de consentimento (operada pela
One Trust
) nos Nossos Sites que dá aos visitantes a oportunidade de autorizar ou não cookies e tecnologias similares de rastreamento nos Nossos Sites. Ao acessar Nossos Sites, você verá um banner no centro da página com informações sobre os cookies que usamos. Você pode clicar no banner para rejeitar quaisquer cookies (por exemplo, cookies de desempenho ou cookies de segmentação) que não sejam cookies estritamente necessários (conforme definido na Tabela de Cookies). Ao pressionar " eu Aceito" no banner, você indica sua aceitação de cookies e das tecnologias de rastreamento semelhantes. O fundamento legal da Outbrain para o processamento de dados pessoais dos visitantes do site do Território Europeu em nossos sites é consentido. Você pode retirar seu consentimento a qualquer momento
Cookies Settings
. Em relação a todos os outros visitantes do site não localizados em territórios europeus, nós confiamos em nosso legítimo interesse em processar quaisquer dados pessoais, no entanto, isso não impede que visitantes de sites de fora do território europeu não retirem o consentimento a qualquer momento por meio de nossa plataforma de gerenciamento de consentimentos.
Usuários:
Você é um “Usuário” ao visitar uma página de um website ou aplicativo de um dos parceiros da Outbrain onde a ferramenta da Outbrain esteja instalada (“Sites Parceiros”). Por exemplo, ao visitar
https://news.sky.com/uk
,
www.bild.de
ou
www.cnn.com
, a ferramenta da Outbrain está implementada nesses sites. Ao interagir com a ferramenta da Outbrain, você é informado por um texto que faz referência à Outbrain (ex.: “Recomendado pela Outbrain” ou “by Outbrain” ao lado das recomendações). Ao clicar no link que faz referência à Outbrain, você verá um
aviso detalhado
que permite acessar o
Perfil de Interesse da Outbrain
, que fornece uma visualização geral dos tipos de categorias de dados da Outbrain que podem ser usados para fazer suas recomendações. Em alguns casos, o parceiro ou divulgador pode ter uma marca branca dos Serviços da Outbrain pelas suas próprias ofertas. Nesse caso, esses parceiros e/ou divulgadores devem informar o uso da Outbrain em suas políticas de privacidade. Veja mais
aqui
.
Exemplo de ferramenta da Outbrain
(a)
Quais informações coletamos e por quê
Usamos UUIDs, endereço IP e outras Informações de Uso para poder lhe oferecer recomendações interessantes. As recomendações da Outbrain podem ser pagas por um anunciante que direciona você para um novo website ou podem ser orgânicas, com link para outra página no site do mesmo anunciante.
UUID.
Quando, como usuário, você visita pela primeira vez um Site Parceiro (ex.: CNN.com), a Outbrain instala um cookie no seu dispositivo para gerar um UUID (identificador único de usuário). Alternativamente, se   você interagir primeiro com um Parceiro usando um aplicativo do Parceiro, a Outbrain receberá a sua identificação anunciante atribuído a você pelo seu dispositivo.  Nós catalogamos e analisamos o conteúdo que você visualiza nos Sites Parceiros. Nossas recomendações baseiam-se em: (i) um UUID de histórico de navegação; (ii) padrões de navegação similares de outros Usuários; (ii) recomendações geralmente populares entre o público da Outbrain atualmente; (iv) um certo grau de aleatoriedade; e (v) requisitos de público-alvo que podem ser fornecidos ou solicitados por nossos clientes Amplify. Por exemplo, a Outbrain pode saber que o UUID 123 (que poderia ser você no seu iPhone X acessando o jornal Guardian usando o Chrome como navegador) gosta de ler sobre destinos de férias remotos e que pessoas que gostam de ler sobre destinos de férias remotos também gostam de ler sobre comida exótica. Quando você interage com a Outbrain, nós não coletamos seus dados pessoais tradicionais, como seu endereço de e-mail ou nome, portanto, não podemos associar seu nome ao seu UUID (por exemplo, não sabemos que John Smith, que também é UUID 123, gosta para ler sobre destinos de férias distantes).
O UUID é uma sequência de números e/ou letras. Esse UUID vincula-se ao seu dispositivo e varia conforme  a sua combinação de  navegador. Em outras palavras, a Outbrain registra um UUID diferente dependendo do aparelho e/ou navegador que você está usando ao acessar os Sites Parceiros. Por exemplo, isso significa que você terá um UUID quando visitar um Site Parceiro a partir do seu celular usando o navegador Safari e outro UUID ao visitar um Site Parceiro do seu iPad usando o navegador Safari. A Outbrain combinará e consolidará o UUID de um aparelho móvel (celular ou tablet) por um navegador que depois acessa um aplicativo (ou vice-versa) a partir do mesmo dispositivo. A Outbrain nós não realiza o rastreamento entre dispositivos e, portanto, não pode vincular um usuário que interaja com a Outbrain, pelo telefone, como o mesmo usuário que está interagindo com a Outbrain na área de trabalho (desktop).
Endereço IP.
Além do seu UUID,  nós reconhecemos o seu endereço de IP, que traduzimos em geolocalização e excluímos o último octeto para mascarar as informações de identificação. Em seguida, usamos essas informações mascaradas, em conjunto com as informações recebidas de outros parceiros confiáveis (como MaxMind) para determinar com um amplo entendimento de onde você está localizado (por exemplo, Nova York). A Outbrain ainda reconhecerá seu endereço IP, mesmo se você optar por não seguir o rastreamento personalizado, pois isso é necessário para que possamos continuar atendendo a recomendações baseadas em contexto. No entanto, nesses casos, seu endereço IP não está associado ao seu UUID e não faria parte de nenhum perfil de usuário
Outras Informações de Uso.
Além do seu UUID e endereço IP, nós também coletamos as seguintes informações da área de trabalho (Desktop) e na Web móvel: (i) dados do Agente de Usuário: tipo de dispositivo (por exemplo, iphone), tipo de navegador (por exemplo, chrome), operação sistema (por exemplo, iOS); (ii) as páginas visitadas; (iii) a hora da visita; e (iv) referencias de URLs e outras informações normalmente transmitidas em solicitações HTTP. As informações de estatísticas acima nos fornecem dados sobre quantos Usuários visitaram uma página específica Sites de nossos Parceiros nos quais a ferramenta da Outbrain está instalada, quanto tempo cada Usuário permaneceu na página, o tipo de conteúdo na página em que clicaram e como geralmente envolveram-se com essa página; e (b) nos aplicativos (i) versão do aplicativo (como aparece na App Store ou na Play Store); (ii) Identificação do aplicativo ou nome do pacote (como aparece na App Store ou na Play Store); (iii) sistema operacional (por exemplo, IOS ou Android); (iii) versão do sistema operacional; e (iv) modelo do dispositivo (por exemplo, iPhone X). Essas informações são consideradas dados pessoais se a Outbrain as associar a um UUID.
Como a Outbrain não possui um relacionamento direto com os Usuários que interagem com os Sites Parceiros, a Outbrain confia em seus parceiros para determinar o fundamento legal com a qual a Outbrain pode processar os dados pessoais. Cada Site Parceiro depende de
(b)
Quais cookies e outras tecnologias similares utilizamos
Cookies de Outbrain
Píxeles de Outbrain
Píxeles de terceros
Cookies de Outbrain
Consulte en la
Tabla de cookies
under “Users” en el apartado «Usuarios» para obtener un listado detallado de las cookies de origen que utilizamos cuando usted interactúa con Sitios asociados en los que está implementada la tecnología de Outbrain.
Píxeles de Outbrain
Ademas del widget visible de Outbrain en los Sitios asociados, algunos anunciantes de Outbrain pueden implementar el píxel de Outbrain en sus sitios web. El píxel de Outbrain determina si un Usuario que accede a la página en la que está instalado el píxel tiene un UUID de Outbrain con el fin de proporcionar informes a los anunciantes en relación con su campaña particular. Si hay un UUID asociado a un usuario final, Outbrain permite a los anunciantes o bien redestinar dichos UUID y/o notifica a los anunciantes el número total de Usuarios (de forma acumulada y anónima) que han accedido a una página en particular (por ejemplo, un anunciante no puede saber que el UUID1234 se ha convertido, sino solamente que se ha producido una conversión). Outbrain no transfiere a sus anunciantes ningún dato personal (incluido su UUID) ni recopila ninguna otra información personal a través del píxel. Outbrain no combina la información recibida de la información de píxel de Outbrain con un perfil de UUID (por ejemplo, Outbrain solamente registra que se ha producido una conversión, y no que el UUID123 se ha convertido al acceder a la página elegida del anunciante). Exigimos a los anunciantes que revelen el uso del píxel de Outbrain en sus propios sitios web.
Outbrain también puede permitir a determinados terceros asociados de confianza recopilar datos a través de cookies suministradas por medio del widget de Outbrain. En tales casos, Outbrain no transfiere esta información recolectada sobre sus usuarios a dichos terceros, pero sí que les permite a estos terceros recopilar información directamente (incluyendo datos personales) mediante el widget para la prevención de fraudes y/o fines de seguridad o para proporcionar información de mediciones a anunciantes (tales como el numero de conversiones o impresiones). Esta recopilación de información se rige por las políticas de privacidad de los terceros.
Píxeles de terceros
Si hace clic en un enlace a una de nuestras recomendaciones, el anunciante que patrocina la recomendación puede colocar cookies (o cookies de terceros pertenecientes a terceros que actúan en nombre del anunciante ) en su dispositivo, bien a través de redireccionamiento antes de llegar a la página de destino de las recomendaciones o al llegar a la página de destino. Estas cookies se colocan con el fin de proporcionar análisis al anunciante relacionado con la campaña del mismo (por ejemplo, para ver cuántos usuarios han visto la campaña del anunciante). Exigimos a nuestros anunciantes que revelen el uso de píxeles de terceros y/o cookies para los usuarios finales a través su sitio web. Estas cookies y/o píxeles se agregan a discreción única de nuestros anunciantes, por lo que usted queda sujeto al aviso de privacidad del anunciante y/o a su política de privacidad.
(c)
Como podemos compartilhar informações
Nossos Parceiros
A Outbrain não compartilha e/ou comercializa perfis de Usuário com nenhum terceiro. Contudo, podemos compartilhar alguns elementos do seu perfil (como por exemplo, UUID) com o parceiro, incluindo-se:
Parceiros de segurança de marca, análise e fraude;
2. Plataformas do Lado da Demanda (DSP) e Plataformas do Lado da Oferta (SSP);
3. Intercâmbio de Anúncios e/ou Redes; e
4. Plataformas de Gerenciamento de Demanda.
Por favor, veja
aqui
uma lista de alguns de nossos parceiros confiáveis. Além disso, podemos coletar e/ou compartilhar alguns dos seus dados pessoais com parceiros confiáveis em virtude da participação no OpenRTB. Muitos desses parceiros estão registrados como fornecedores globais do IAB TCF e podem ser encontrados
aqui
.
(d)
Seus direitos
Opção de exclusão na Web para computadores e dispositivos móveis
Opção de exclusão na Web para computadores e dispositivos móveis.
Você pode, a qualquer momento, optar por não receber as recomendações personalizadas da Outbrain (ou, se tiver optado por não participar e quiser voltar a participar), movendo o botão de alternância abaixo. Você também pode optar por não receber recomendações personalizadas, por meio do Perfil de interesse da Outbrain, que é um site que fornece uma visualização geral dos dados que a Outbrain tem conhecimento sobre você e pode usar para fazer suas recomendações.
Opção de exclusão em Aplicativos
Opção de exclusão em Aplicativos.
Para desativar as recomendações da Outbrain em seus aplicativos de dispositivos móveis, siga as etapas abaixo:
Dispositivos iOS: Configurações> Privacidade> Publicidade> Limitar o Rastreamento de Anúncios
Dispositivos Android: aplicativo de Configurações do Google> Anúncios> Desativar Publicidade Baseada em Interesses
Observe que a desativação, através do nosso Perfil de Interesse  /ou desta Política de Privacidade, não impedirá o acompanhamento personalizado de seus aplicativos. Essa desativação deve ser feita através das configurações do seu aparelho.
Opções Adicionais de Exclusão
.
Opções Adicionais de Exclusão
YVocê também pode optar por não receber anúncios personalizados veiculados por nós ou outras empresas de publicidade, através de ferramentas do setor, como o NAI ou várias páginas baseadas em DAA (DAA, http://www.aboutads.info/choices; DAAC, www. youradchoices.ca/choices e / ou EDAA www.youronlinechoices.eu). O acesso das páginas de escolha do consumidor do NAI, DAA, DAAC ou EDAA permite desativar todos ou alguns dos serviços dos membros participantes. Como as opções de exclusão da Outbrain, essas opções  não significam que você não receberá mais publicidade; mas apenas que os anúncios não serão personalizados para você. Você continuará recebendo anúncios, por exemplo, com base no site específico que está visualizando (ou seja, anúncios contextuais). Além disso, se seus navegadores estiverem configurados para rejeitar cookies, quando você visitar as páginas de escolha do consumidor DAA, DAAC ou EDAA, sua exclusão poderá não ser eficaz, pois nossa exclusão é baseada em cookies.
Informação IMPORTANTE
Mesmo que você tenha optado por não receber as recomendações personalizadas da Outbrain:
Você ainda verá recomendações da Outbrain.
A opção de exclusão personalizada  de rastreamento da Outbrain, não significa que você deixará de receber recomendações da Outbrain. Em vez disso, significa que as recomendações da Outbrain não serão personalizadas.  (por exemplo, serão recomendações baseadas no contexto).
A opção de exclusão baseia-se em cookies e é específica para cada dispositivo/navegador.
Se você navegar na internet em diferentes dispositivos e/ou navegadores, você precisará fazer a opção de exclusão  em cada aparelho e/ou navegador para que possamos impedir o rastreamento para personalização em todos eles. Pela mesma razão, se você comprar um novo dispositivo, mudar de navegador ou excluir (ou limpar) o cookie de recusa, será necessário fazer a opção de exclusão novamente. A opção de exclusão  de rastreamento para personalização não significa bloquear cookies.
Você deve optar pela opção de exclusão da  Outbrain por pelo menos 21 dias, pois a exclusão do seu perfil está vinculada ao seu UUID.
.
Sua exclusão das recomendações personalizadas da Outbrain é efetiva imediatamente. No entanto, se o seu navegador permitir armazenamento local e você optar pelas recomendações personalizadas da Outbrain (por exemplo, ao aceitar um banner de cookie) dentro de 21 dias após a sua exclusão, é possível que seu perfil anterior seja reconectado ao seu UUID. Se você não optar pela exclusão dentro de 21 dias, seu perfil será excluído e não poderá ser recuperado.
Como na maioria dos cookies de exclusão, o navegador Outbrain depende de um cookie.
O cookie de exclusão  deve ser persistente para atender às preferências do usuário. No entanto, o recurso de "Prevenção de RastreamentoInteligente" no iOS11 pode afetar a persistência de cookies nos websites postados em uma janela de 24 horas. Nós sugerimos usar outro navegador ou considerar o bloqueio de todos os cookies de terceiros do navegador para que você "desative-os" sem precisar confiar na metodologia de desativação real de qualquer empresa.
Seu armazenamento local não será limpo.
Mesmo que você tenha optado por não receber as recomendações personalizadas da Outbrain, seu armazenamento local não será limpado automaticamente e, portanto, você precisará limpá-lo no nível do navegador, além da sua exclusão.
Parceiros Comerciais:
Você é um “Parceiro Comercial” ao se cadastrar (ou trocar e-mails com a Outbrain) em nome da empresa para a qual trabalha para utilizar os serviços Outbrain Amplify ou Outbrain Engage. Veja mais
aqui
.
(a)
Quais informações coletamos e por quê
Você pode fornecer determinados dados pessoais (como endereço de e-mail) ao se inscrever para os serviços Amplify ou Engage ou se comunicar ou interagir conosco por outros meios. Se você se inscrever para se tornar Parceiro Comercial, podemos solicitar informações adicionais suas via formulários de inscrição para anunciante, pedidos de inserção e outros meios. Coletamos informações automaticamente sobre as ações do seu nome de usuário no painel da Outbrain. Por exemplo, se como Parceiro Comercial Amplify você alterar o custo por clique de uma de suas campanhas, o registro de auditoria da Outbrain terá o histórico de todas essas ações.
Coletamos e processamos os dados pessoais acima para cumprir nossas obrigações nos termos do nosso acordo como Parceiro Comercial (ou potencial Parceiro Comercial) seu, inclusive para:
responder às suas perguntas e solicitações;
fornecer acesso a determinadas funções e recursos dos nossos serviços Amplify ou Engage (ex.: para fornecimento e manutenção da sua conta no painel de controle);
verificar sua identidade; e,
nos comunicar com você sobre sua conta, nossos produtos e promoções disponíveis relevantes para o seu uso do serviço Amplify ou Engage.
(b)
Quais cookies e outras tecnologias similares utilizamos
Consulte esta
Tabela de Cookies
em “Parceiros Comerciais” para uma lista detalhada dos cookies (e os respectivos períodos de retenção) que usamos com Parceiros Comerciais.
(c)
Como podemos compartilhar informações
Podemos revelar determinadas informações de Parceiros Comerciais a fornecedores, prestadores de serviços ou outros que auxiliem a Outbrain na prestação dos seus serviços (ex.: processamento de cartões de crédito). Consulte também a seção de
Compartilhamento
desta Política de Privacidade.
(d)
Seus direitos
Se, como Parceiro Comercial, você deseja verificar, corrigir, atualizar ou solicitar desativação das suas informações, você pode acessar o painel da Outbrain para editar suas preferências de perfil ou nos contatar em support@outbrain.com. Se você está recebendo e-mails da Outbrain, você pode se “descadastrar” acessando o link nos e-mails. Observe que o descadastramento pode não desativar o recebimento de notificações importantes para o fornecimento dos serviços Amplify ou Engage (ex.: faturas por e-mail).
(e) Fundamentação Legal
A fundamentação legal da Outbrain para processar dados pessoais dos Parceiros Comerciais é contratual.
4.
Medidas de Segurança , Transferências para fora do EEE, Compartilhamento e Períodos de Retenção de dados
+
Seguridad
Transferencias de datos fuera de la UE/EEE
Intercambio
Retención de datos
Seguridad
Outbrain tiene un equipo de seguridad específico. Mantenemos un estricto control de los datos personales que recopilamos y los retenemos en bases de datos seguras y protegidas por cortafuegos con derechos de acceso estrictamente limitados y controlados, para garantizar su seguridad. Consulte nuestras
normas de seguridad
para obtener más información.
Los socios comerciales tienen acceso a determinadas funciones protegidas por contraseña del servicio Amplify o Engage. Los Socios comerciales son responsables de mantener la confidencialidad de la contraseña y de asegurar que lo hagan igualmente sus empleados y/o agentes. No olvide que, lamentablemente, la transmisión de información a través de internet nunca es completamente segura. El «spoofing» o «phishing» son algunas de las estafas más comunes en Internet. Esto se produce cuando recibe un correo electrónico que parece proceder de una fuente legítima que le solicita datos personales. Tenga en cuenta que no le enviaremos ningún correo electrónico solicitándole que verifique la información de su tarjeta de crédito, bancaria o cualquier otro dato personal. Si alguna vez recibe un correo electrónico que parece ser de nuestra parte solicitándole dicha información, no responda a él y no haga clic en ninguno de los enlaces que aparecen en el correo electrónico. En su lugar, reenvíenos el correo electrónico a
legal@outbrain.com
, ya que investigaremos casos de posible fraude en Internet.
Transferencias de datos fuera de la UE/EEE
Cuando transferimos datos personales desde el Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE) garantizamos que dichas transferencias se realizan de conformidad con las leyes de protección de datos relevantes, incluidas, si son de aplicación, las cláusulas contractuales tipo de la UE o una decisión de adecuación de la Comisión Europea en virtud del artículo 25(6) de la Directiva 95/46/CE o el artículo 45 del RGPD. Expresado de otro modo, sus derechos y protecciones quedan adheridos a sus datos y nosotros hacemos uso de cláusulas contractuales aprobadas y otras medidas destinadas a garantizar que los destinatarios de sus datos personales se encarguen de protegerlos. Outbrain ha establecido las cláusulas contractuales tipo entre las entidades de Outbrain para gestionar la transferencia de datos fuera del EEE.
Intercambio
Además de la descripción de cómo podemos revelar sus datos personales en función de cada tipo de usuario, también podemos revelar datos personales de la siguiente manera:
Dentro de la familia de empresas controladas por Outbrain por razones internas, principalmente con fines comerciales y operativos.
Si pasamos por una transición de negocios, como una fusión, adquisición por otra compañía o venta de todos o parte de nuestros activos, es probable que sus datos personales se encuentren entre los activos transferidos.
Cuando la ley así lo requiera (por ejemplo, para cooperar con investigaciones de las fuerzas del orden u otros procedimientos legales).
Para responder a una verdadera emergencia.
Además, combinamos sus datos personales con los de otros usuarios para compartir información sobre tendencias y acumular estadísticas de usuarios con terceros, siempre de forma agregada y anonimizada.
Retención de datos
El período de retención para cada una de las cookies que utiliza Outbrain (ya sea por su cuenta o en nuestro nombre por parte de terceros) se indica en la
Tabla de cookies
. Más específicamente, la cookie de Outbrain (Obuid), que se utiliza para el seguimiento de acciones de los usuarios, tales como clics, expira tres (3) meses después de que un usuario visite un sitio en particular dentro de nuestra red, si bien esta cookie se restablecerá si el usuario vuelve a visitar el mismo sitio u otro sitio de nuestra red. Del mismo modo, no retenemos ningún punto de datos individual de un usuario durante más de 13 meses. Por ejemplo, si el UUID 123 leyó un artículo el 31 de diciembre de 2018, el 1 de febrero de 2019 dicho artículo dejó de formar parte del perfil del UUID 123.
Outbrain también mantiene una Política de Retención de Datos que detalla el período de retención de datos personales sobre la base de nuestro análisis sobre cuánto tiempo es necesario retener razonablemente los datos específicos para fines legales o comerciales. Cuando ya no necesitamos datos personales, los borraremos o destruiremos de forma segura. Los datos agregados, que no puedan identificar un dispositivo/navegador (o a una persona) y se utilicen con fines de información y análisis, se mantendrán durante el tiempo que sea necesario desde el punto de vista comercial.
5.
Crianças e Dados Sensíveis
+
Crianças
Nenhum dos nossos serviços é destinado a crianças menores de 16 anos. Não coletamos deliberadamente dados pessoais de menores de 16 anos de idade. Se durante a coleta constatarmos que um Visitante do Site, Usuário ou Parceiro Comercial é menor de 16 anos, não usaremos ou manteremos seus dados pessoais. Se tomarmos ciência de que involuntariamente coletamos dados pessoais de uma criança menor de 16 anos, tomaremos medidas razoáveis para excluir tais informações dos nossos registros. Se você é criança, pedimos que vá brincar no quintal em vez de usar ou interagir com a Outbrain!
Dados Sensíveis
Nós não coletamos ou recebemos nenhum dado sensível de categorias de dados pessoais.
6.
Visitantes do Território Europeu
+
Em conformidade com as leis de privacidade europeias, especialmente com o Regulamento Geral de Proteção de Dados da União Europeia (RGPD), a Outbrain fornece direitos adicionais específicos para indivíduos que interagem com a Outbrain como o direito de acesso, retificação, contestação, reclamação, exclusão e bloqueio. Mais especificamente:
o direito de perguntar se ou quais dados pessoais estão sendo processados por nós e o direito de solicitar que os dados pessoais sejam corrigidos ou alterados;
o direito de solicitar a exclusão de dados pessoais;
o direito de exigir restrições no processamento de dados pessoais;
o direito de cancelar seu consentimento para processamento e uso dos seus dados, total ou parcialmente e a qualquer momento, com validade para o futuro;
o direito de receber seus dados pessoais em formato comum, estruturado e mecanicamente legível;
o direito de contatar nosso responsável pela proteção dos dados se tiver perguntas, comentários, reclamações ou solicitações relacionadas à nossa declaração sobre proteção de dados e o processamento dos seus dados pessoais;
o direito de reclamar à autoridade supervisora responsável caso acredite que o processamento dos seus dados pessoais está violando a legislação.
Além dos itens acima, relacionamos determinados direitos para cidadãos do Território Europeu ao longo desta Política de Privacidade. Nos termos do RGPD, são considerados “
Territórios Europeus
” o Espaço Econômico Europeu (EEE) e a Suíça. Para os fins desta Política de Privacidade, o termo “Territórios Europeus” deve continuar a incluir o Reino Unido mesmo após sua retirada do Espaço Econômico Europeu em decorrência do Brexit.
Em caso de perguntas sobre o exercício de quaisquer dos direitos acima, envie um e-mail a privacy@outbrain.com.
7.
Comunicação Anti-rastreamento  (“Do Not Track”)
+
Alguns navegadores transmitem sinais Do Not Track (DNT), ou Não Rastrear, aos websites. Como não há consenso sobre como interpretar o sinal DNT, a Outbrain atualmente não altera, modifica ou responde a solicitações ou sinais DNT desses navegadores. Continuaremos a monitorar a atuação do setor nesse âmbito e reavaliaremos nossas práticas relacionadas a DNT se necessário. Enquanto isso, você pode utilizar as várias outras ferramentas que fornecemos para controlar a coleta e o uso de dados, incluindo a possibilidade de optar por ser excluído do recebimento de recomendações personalizadas na seção Usuários.
8.
Como esta Política de Privacidade pode mudar
+
De tempos em tempos, podemos fazer alterações nesta Política de Privacidade. Nesse caso, colocaremos um aviso em destaque, visível para você como Visitante do Site ou Parceiro Comercial. Contudo, não temos meios para alertar Usuários sobre atualizações. Recomendamos que você verifique
aqui
periodicamente se a Política de Privacidade foi atualizada. Sempre exibiremos a data da última alteração da Política de Privacidade no topo da página, para que você saiba a última vez em que foi revisada.
Effective January 22nd 2025
Download
Table of Contents
Effective Date: December 17
, 2024
The Amplify Terms vary according to the country where your billing address is located. Please use your billing country below to view the applicable Amplify Terms.
My billing address is located in:
United States of America
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Ter
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Channel Islands
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos Island
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Ter
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Great Britain
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Hawaii
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea South
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malaysia
Malawi
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Midway Islands
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Nambia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherland Antilles
Netherlands (Holland, Europe)
Nevis
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau Island
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Montenegro
Republic of Serbia
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
St Barthelemy
St Eustatius
St Helena
St Kitts-Nevis
St Lucia
St Maarten
St Pierre & Miquelon
St Vincent & Grenadines
Saipan
Samoa
Samoa American
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks & Caicos Is
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (Brit)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wake Island
Wallis & Futana Is
Yemen
Zaire
Zambia
These terms were last revised as of the effective date set forth above. Outbrain reserves the right to change these terms from time to time.
Amplify Terms and Conditions
These Amplify Terms and Conditions (“
Terms
”) are entered into by
Outbrain UK Limited
(“
Outbrain
”) and the entity executing an Insertion Order or using the Outbrain dashboard (“
Customer
”). These Terms govern Customer’s use of the Outbrain (Service (as defined below), and together with an Insertion Order (or the information entered through the Outbrain dashboard (“
Dashboard
”) comprise the "
Agreement
" between Outbrain and Customer.  If there is any inconsistency between: (i) the terms of a signed Insertion Order or those entered through the Dashboard (either “
Campaign Details
”) and (ii) these Terms, the Campaign Details as applicable, shall prevail.
1.         Services
1.1       Outbrain partners with a network of online properties (the “
Network
”) to display a user interface containing links that navigate to websites. Outbrain uses its proprietary algorithms serving methodology, and advanced buying tools to deliver ads on behalf of clients to relevant audiences throughout the Network (the “
Service
”).
1.2       Outbrain shall display links to graphical, textual, video and/or auditory content selected by Customer on the Network.  Such links, together with the headlines, images, and/or video that may accompany the links and the destination page reached from any such  link are the “
Content
”. Outbrain shall continue to distribute the Content on the Network until the earlier of: (i) the end date of Customer’s campaign or (ii)  reaching of Customer’s budget; or (iii) the disabling of a campaign (provided that Outbrain reserves the right to charge for additional Actions (as defined in Section 5.1) as the Content is removed from circulation – see
FAQs
for more details).
1.3       Outbrain does not guarantee: (i) the placement, positioning or the timing of delivery of any Content; (ii) clicks or impressions (including clicks from a particular audience segment); or (iii) conversions.  If Fees (as defined in Section 5) do not reach Customer’s budget, Customer's sole remedies shall be to: (i) subject to Section 2 below, extend the end date of the applicable campaign; (ii) replace or add to the existing Content with other Content; or (iii) to pay only for accrued Fees. In no event shall Outbrain be liable for failure to deliver clicks, impressions and/or views to Content.
1.4       Outbrain will make reports available to Customer regarding the campaign(s). The final monthly reports (which may differ from the daily reports) will provide the conclusive basis for Outbrain's calculation of Fees owed by Customer. Customer may submit its own Outbrain-compatible tracker. If there is a ten percent (10%) discrepancy or more between Customer's numbers  and Outbrain's numbers then the parties agree to work in good faith to identify the correct amount to be paid to Outbrain. If the discrepancy is less than ten percent (10%), Outbrain's numbers shall be conclusive.
2.         Content
2.1       Customer is solely responsible for the Content. Customer has the right to and authorises Outbrain to place the Content on the Network. Customer is authorised to use and/or has approved all images and words of the Content’s headline (whether created or generated by Customer or on Customer’s behalf). Content headlines and images must accurately reflect the tone and subject matter of the Content. To the extent Outbrain (and/or integrated tools) provide recommendations as to the Content, headlines and/or campaign, Customer remains solely responsible.
2.2       Customer shall not, directly or indirectly, provide Content that: (i) is obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous, pornographic, violent, profane, indecent or unlawful; (ii) is factually inaccurate, misleading or deceptive; and/or (iii) facilitates or promotes any type of illegal activity, including without limitation pyramid schemes, gambling, the sale or use of illicit drugs, or discrimination or harassment of any individual or group. Further, Content may not (a) redirect to a destination other than as originally submitted to the Service, and/or (b) be substantively different from the Content originally submitted to Outbrain.
2.3       Content must comply with Outbrain's
Advertising Guidelines
, as may be updated from time to time by Outbrain. Outbrain may at any time (at its sole discretion) reject or remove Content.
2.4 Customer acknowledges and agrees that certain Content may change during the course of a campaign (e.g., due to revisions by the Content's author, comments from readers, or otherwise). Customer's recourse in the event of such change shall be to direct Outbrain to remove such Content from its then-current campaign and/or select other Content. Customer further acknowledges that, if there is an objection to the Content (whether from the Content author or publisher, or otherwise), Outbrain will act in accordance with Section 2 of its
Terms of Use
and may cease (at its sole discretion) including the Content in the Service or require Customer to make changes to the Content.
2.5       Both parties shall implement anti-malware scanning processes of the Content. Upon notice, both parties shall take immediate action to remove any suspicious Content from the Network.
3.         Term and Cancellation
The Campaign Details will set forth the start and end date of a particular campaign. However, the Agreement, or an individual campaign may be suspended or terminated: (i) by Customer for any reason upon two (2) business days' written notice to Outbrain or within twelve (12) hours through the Dashboard; or (ii) by Outbrain for any reason upon two (2) days’ written notice to Customer. During the notice period, all previously contracted campaigns shall continue to run pursuant to the Campaign Details and Customer shall be responsible for paying Outbrain for all Fees accrued up to and including the last day of such notice period. Outbrain also reserves the right  at its sole discretion to immediately suspend or terminate all or part of Customer's use of the Service if Outbrain reasonably believes Customer is in breach of the terms of this Agreement.
4.         Campaign Details
If Customer utilizes Outbrain’s Dashboard, Customer will have access to certain online reports and control over its campaign(s). To the extent Customer registers and has access to the Dashboard, Outbrain may collect certain personal data of Customer. For further information on how we may collect and use our business partner's personally identifiable information, please see our Business Partner Privacy Policy. Outbrain collects and processes this personal data in order to respond to Customer questions or requests, provide Customer’s with access to certain services, verify Customer’s identity and communicate with Customers about the use of the Service. Customer is solely responsible for all changes requested or approved (either directly or via Outbrain’s API) including those made through the Dashboard using its login. Customer is solely responsible for protecting its login and password to the Dashboard. Customer can manage campaigns using the Dashboard by modifying the Campaign Details and/or Customer may have the option of working with an Outbrain account manager, as determined by Outbrain.
5.         Fees and Payment Terms
5.1       Ads displayed on the Network are  paid for via one of following payment methods: (i) cost-per-click (“
CPC
”); (ii) cost-per thousand impressions (“
CPM
”); (iii) cost-per-completed view (“
CPCv
”) where completed view means fifty percent (50%) of the video Ad/Content is in view continuously from beginning to the end of video;  (iv) cost-per thousand Viewable Impressions (“
vCPM
”); and/or (v) other desired actions agreed between the parties from time to time (each, an “
Action
”). A viewable impression is counted as viewable if fifty percent (50%) of the video ad is in view continuously for 2 seconds. Outbrain fees will be based on the number of Actions, plus the cost of the Service (the “
Fees
”), which will not exceed Customer’s pre-designated maximum budget. Customer shall pay the Fees as measured by Outbrain's tracking system up to the maximum budget designated in the Campaign Details. Outbrain may charge any applicable national, state, or local sales or use taxes, value added taxes or country-specific fees. If CPC is being used for campaign measurement, such CPC may not be less than Outbrain’s then-in-effect minimum CPC (which may vary by market). If Customer is utilizing Outbrain’s automatic bidding feature, Customer grants Outbrain the right to set and modify Customer’s CPC at Outbrain’s discretion to aid in achieving Customer’s targets for its campaign. Customer shall be solely responsible for any additional fees incurred for utilizing third party services on its campaign(s).  For the avoidance of doubt, Outbrain will not cover, credit or reimburse any third party fees, including, but not limited to, use of any third-party tracker(s) on Customer’s campaign(s). Customer may increase or decrease its budget through the Dashboard or through a signed amendment to an Insertion Order.
5.2       If Customer has signed an Insertion Order, Fees will generally be invoiced by Outbrain to Customer by the end of the following calendar month, unless otherwise set forth in an Insertion Order. Customer shall pay all invoices within thirty (30) days from receipt.  Any portion of a charge not disputed (pursuant to Section 5.3) in good faith must be paid in full. If Customer has provided the Campaign Details through the Dashboard or has signed an Insertion Order and has used a credit card for billing purposes, Outbrain shall charge the Outbrain fees (including processing fees) to Customer’s credit card at such intervals as Outbrain determines in its sole discretion. The decision as to whether to allow Customer to choose between invoice and/or credit card and/or require a prepayment (prior to the start of a campaign) rests solely with Outbrain.  Outbrain shall review all billing inquiries, including refund requests on a case-by-case basis and reserves the right to approve or deny any request in its sole discretion.
5.3       If Customer disputes any amount on an invoice, Customer must provide written notice to Outbrain (email is sufficient) within thirty (30) days of receipt of any invoice or the right to dispute shall be deemed waived. Customer’s email must include the amount disputed and provide adequate information to support any such claim. Customer may not withhold payment for any undisputed amounts, and any portion of a charge not disputed in good faith must be paid in full.
5.4            If payment is not made when due and not properly disputed pursuant to Section 5.3, Outbrain may charge interest at the rate of two percent (2%) per annum above the prevailing base rate of Barclays Bank PLC from the due date until the date of actual payment, whether before or after judgment. Outbrain also reserves the right to suspend or terminate any or all of Customer's use of the Service until Customer has paid all amounts due. Outbrain reserves the right to charge Customer for all costs of collection, including collection agency and reasonable legal fees and court costs. Customer authorises Outbrain to investigate Customer's credit record. If applicable, Customer agrees to provide such further financial information and documentation as may be required from time to time by Outbrain as a condition for the continued extension of credit.  Customer acknowledges and agrees that any account, credit card and related billing and payment information which Customer provides to Outbrain may be shared by Outbrain with companies who work on Outbrain's behalf solely for the purpose of performing credit checks, effecting payment to Outbrain, collecting debts owed to Outbrain and/or servicing Customer's account. Outbrain may, in its sole discretion, extend, revise or revoke credit at any time.  In addition, Outbrain reserves the right to require immediate payment of any outstanding balance that exceeds Customer’s credit limit and / or past the payment terms defined in this Agreement.
6.         Additional Features and Terms
6.1       Outbrain may also make additional Service features available to Customer from time to time and use of such features may be subject to Customer’s agreement to certain additional terms and conditions (“
Additional Terms
”) (e.g., via an online click-through agreement or via the Dashboard). Such features will be provided at Outbrain’s discretion to Customer and may include fees in addition to those described in Section 5.1. Customer’s acceptance of the Additional Terms will constitute a binding and enforceable agreement as between Outbrain and Customer. In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms, the Additional Terms, and the Campaign Details, the order of precedence is: (i) Additional Terms, (ii) Campaign Details, and (iii) these Terms. Customers who choose to utilize LiveRamp services (via the Outbrain Dashboard or otherwise) for purposes of their Outbrain campaign(s) are subject to
LiveRamp Terms.
6.2       Subject to Customer’s compliance with Section 8 below, Customer may place on Customer’s website, application pages or landing pages: (i) Outbrain pixel(s) (the “
Outbrain Pixel
”) on Customer’s website or application pages and/or (ii) third party pixels or tags (the “
Third Party Pixels
”) for the purpose of providing analytics related to Customer’s campaign, enhanced targeting functionality and/or creating segments (the Outbrain Pixel and Third Party Pixels together are the “
Pixels
”). Customer represents and warrants that: (a) its use of the Pixels are in accordance with Data Protection Laws; and (b) it has provided appropriate notice to users regarding use of the Pixels, including an explanation: (x) that third parties, including Outbrain, may use cookies or similar technologies to collect or receive information from Customer’s website(s), and may use that information to provide measurement services and target ads; and (y) as to how users opt-out of the collection of information for targeting purposes; and (z) it will not use the Pixels on websites or application pages that target minors and/or contain sensitive categories of data (e.g. physical or mental health conditions). Customer shall not use the Pixels unless and until it has complied with the provisions of this Section 6.2. Further, if an end-user has opted out of behavioral advertising via Customer’s site(s) (or a mechanism such as settings within an advertiser application), Customer shall be fully responsible for not loading the Outbrain Pixel. Outbrain may update, change, or substitute the Outbrain Pixel functionality at any time in its reasonable discretion provided that it does not disrupt the functioning of Customer’s landing page and serves the same purpose.
6.3       If Customer utilizes third party segments for enhanced targeting of its campaign(s) (“
3rd Party Targeting
”), Customer shall pay for its use of 3rd Party Targeting (“
3rd Party Data Costs
”) including any applicable taxes. Customer’s invoice for each campaign shall include both the Fees, and the 3rd Party Data Costs (if applicable). Customer agrees that 3rd Party Data costs will be based on Outbrain’s reporting metrics. If Customer utilizes 3rd Party Targeting Customer shall: (x) disclose this to users via an appropriate notice and/or in its privacy policy (as applicable); and (y) represent and warrant that its use of 3rd Party Targeting shall, at all times, be compliant with Data Protection Laws and satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for processing. Customer shall not, at any time, use 3rd Party Targeting: (i) for discriminatory purposes; (ii) to target minors under the age of sixteen(16); (iii) based on Special Categories of Personal Data; (iv) based on Personal Data relating to alleged or confirmed criminal convictions or offenses; and/or (v) otherwise in violation of any applicable law in any country where the campaign is performed.
7.         Confidentiality
7.1       Each party agrees that with respect to any Confidential Information (as defined below) that is disclosed by one party to the other in connection with the Agreement, the party receiving such Confidential Information shall not disclose such Confidential Information to any third party, or use it for any purpose, except in connection with its rights and obligations under the Agreement. "
Confidential Information
" means all information concerning a party or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates that is not generally known to the public, which information is marked confidential or proprietary, or which under the circumstances ought reasonably to be treated as confidential or proprietary, and includes, without limitation, the terms of the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include information that: (i) is, as of the time of disclosure, or thereafter becomes, part of the public domain through a source other than the receiving party; (ii) was lawfully in the possession of the receiving party as of the time of disclosure; (iii) is independently developed by the receiving party without reference to the Confidential Information; or (iv) is subsequently obtained from a third party not subject to an obligation of confidentiality with respect to the information disclosed.
7.2       Confidential Information shall be kept in the strictest confidence and shall be protected by all reasonable and necessary security measures. Confidential Information shall not be released by the receiving party to anyone except an employee or agent, who has a need to know the same, and who is bound by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as these contained herein. Neither party will use any portion of Confidential Information provided by the other party pursuant to the Agreement for any purpose other than as expressly set forth under the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may disclose Confidential Information strictly necessary to comply with the demands of any court order, law or governmental agency and Outbrain may share Confidential Information of Customer with any holding company of Customer or with any subsidiary company of Customer’s holding company.
7.3        If Customer is acting on behalf of a Content provider, Customer authorises Outbrain to grant such Content provider (or any subsequent third party appointed by the Content provider) access to and a right to use the Campaign Details.
8.         Representations and Warranties
8.1       Each party represents and warrants to the other party that: (i) it has all necessary rights and authority to enter into the Agreement and grant the rights and licences under the Agreement; (ii) it shall comply with Applicable Laws, and (iii) the execution or acceptance of the Agreement (which includes the Campaign Details), and the performance of its respective obligations and duties pursuant to the Agreement, do not and will not violate any agreement to which such party is bound. “
Applicable Laws
” means any applicable federal, national, state or foreign laws or regulations or any industry self-regulatory rules or guidelines (including the Interactive Advertising Bureau Guidelines, Standards & Best Practices, the NAI Code of Conduct, the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. Any Applicable Laws related to the privacy of personal data are referred to as “
Data Protection Laws
”.
8.2        Customer represents and warrants that: (i) the Content (which for the avoidance of doubt, includes the headline, images, videos and, landing pages) does not violate any Applicable Laws, and will not contain any material which may be harmful, abusive, obscene, threatening or defamatory; (ii) it has all necessary rights licenses and clearances to grant rights granted herein, including for Outbrain to use, host, cache, route, store, copy, modify, distribute, reformat, reproduce, publish, display, transmit and distribute the Content; (iii)  the Content will not infringe any intellectual property rights of any third party; (iv) it will not provide Content that is targeted to children under the age of sixteen (16); (v) Content complies with Outbrain's
Advertising Guidelines
, as may be updated from time to time by Outbrain; (vi) Content shall not (a) redirect to a destination other than as originally submitted to the Service, and/or (b) be substantively different from the Content originally submitted to the Service;  (vii) it will not use the Service in a manner that provides an unintended advantage or interferes with the integrity and/or overall performance of the Service; (viii) if using the Dashboard, Customer will adhere to any rules of such use as solely determined by Outbrain (e.g. not using source bidding to whitelist any particular Network source);  (ix) it is not subject to nor owned or controlled by any person that is subject to sanctions or export control restrictions imposed pursuant to U.S. law or the laws of any other jurisdiction applicable to the performance of the agreement norit will take any action that could result in economic sanctions or other trade control restrictions or penalties being imposed on Outbrain; and (x) all business and payment information provided to Outbrain is true, correct, and accurate.
8.3       If Customer is an agency (or other third party acting on behalf of the provider of the Content), Customer represents and warrants that: (i) it is the authorised agent of the provider of the Content; (ii) it has the legal authority to enter into the Agreement and make all decisions and take all actions relating to the provider of the Content; (iii) it has entered into a written agreement granting the agent the authority to represent the provider of the Content in accordance with (i) and (ii) above (and shall submit such agreement to Outbrain on demand).  Customer further agrees that it is not acting on behalf of a French company or a foreign company whose advertising content mainly targets French territory exclusively through the Dashboard. If Customer is acting on behalf of a French content provider whose advertising mainly targets the French territory, please contact info@outbrain.com for more information on how to purchase Outbrain Services.
8.4       No conditions, warranties or other terms apply to any Outbrain services supplied by Outbrain under this Agreement unless expressly set out in this Agreement. No implied conditions, warranties or other terms apply (including without limitation any implied terms as to satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose or conformance with description or any warranties arising from a course of dealing, usage or trade practice or regarding the performance or success of any campaigns made by it on behalf of Customer or that the Services will operate uninterrupted, secure or error free).
9.         Data Protection
The provisions of the
Data Sharing Agreement
shall be incorporated into, and form part of, this Agreement.
10.       Indemnification
10.1      Each party shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other party and its respective agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, contractors and Network partners (as applicable), against any and all third party claims resulting from the breach of such party's representations and warranties under this Agreement.
10.2      In connection with any such claim: (i) the indemnified party shall provide prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any such claim (provided that the failure to provide such prompt notice shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its indemnification obligations in the Agreement, except to the extent it has been damaged thereby); (ii) the indemnifying party shall have sole control of the defense or settlement of the claim (provided that the indemnifying party may not enter into any settlement that may adversely affect the rights or obligations of the indemnified party without the indemnified party's prior written consent); (iii) at the indemnifying party's request and expense, the indemnified party cooperating in the investigation and defense of such claim; and (iv) the indemnified party shall have the right to participate in its defense with counsel of its own choosing at the indemnified party's expense.
11.       Limitation of Liability
11.1      Nothing in the Agreement excludes or limits either party’s liability: (i) for death or personal injury resulting from the negligence of either party or their servants, agents or employees; (ii) for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; (iii) for anything which cannot be excluded or limited by law.
11.2      Except with respect to claims arising from the indemnity obligations or a breach of clause 6 (confidentiality) and/or non-payment of fees owed, the maximum aggregate liability of either party and its’ directors, officers, employees, Network partners, vendors or agents arising from any given event or series of connected events arising under or related in any way to this Agreement or its implementation shall be limited to the greater of: (i) £50,000; and (ii) 100% of the amount of fees paid or payable by Customer under Agreement in the 12 months immediately preceding the month in which the event (or first in a series of connected events) occurred.
11.3      In no event shall either party be liable for: (i) loss of revenues; (ii) loss of profits; (iii) loss of contracts; (iv) loss of business or anticipated savings; (v) loss of data; (vi) loss of goodwill or reputation; or (vii) for any consequential, special or indirect losses whether or not such losses were within the contemplation of the parties at the date of this Agreement, suffered or incurred by that party arising out of or in connection with the provisions of, or any matter under, this Agreement.
12.       Miscellaneous
12.1      Neither Party may assign the Agreement, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however that either party may assign its rights or delegate its duties under the Agreement, in whole or in part, without the other's consent, in connection with a merger, reorganisation or sale of all, or substantially all, of the assignor's assets, provided that the successor entity shall have sufficient resources to fully perform the Agreement and shall assume the obligation to fully perform the Agreement.
12.2      This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in respect of any dispute or matter arising out of or connected with this Agreement. The prevailing party in any action arising out of or to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to recover its reasonable legal fees and costs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of Customer’s default of its obligations in Section 5 above, Outbrain shall have the right, if it so chooses, to commence an action against Customer for such default in the appropriate court in the venue and jurisdiction in which Customer resides or maintains assets.
12.3      No press releases or general public announcements shall be made without the mutual written consent of Customer and Outbrain. Outbrain shall have the right to include Customer's name including, but not limited to, in Outbrain's client list and in other marketing materials. Customer shall not use Outbrain’s name, logo or trademark without Outbrain’s prior written consent.
12.4      All notices under the Agreement will be in writing via email, to the address of the receiving party set forth on the Insertion Order or Dashboard, or at such different address as may be designated by such party by written notice to the other party from time to time. Notice will be effective on receipt.
12.5      No failure of either party to enforce any of its rights under the Agreement will act as a waiver of such rights. If one or more provisions of the Agreement are held to be unenforceable under Applicable Laws, then such provision(s) shall be excluded from the Agreement, and the balance of the Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.
12.6      Neither party shall be liable for any delay or failure to perform any of its obligations set forth in the Agreement due to causes beyond its reasonable control. Neither party shall be liable for any unavailability or inoperability of the Internet, technical malfunction, or computer error or corruption resulting in loss of data or other harm. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer shall not be relieved from any of its obligations as to Fees due hereunder.
12.7      Sections
7, 8, 9, 10, 11
and
12
, together with any outstanding undisputed payment obligation, shall survive the termination of the Agreement.
12.8      Customer and Outbrain shall each act as independent contractors. Nothing in the Agreement shall be deemed or construed as creating a joint venture or partnership between the parties.
12.9      The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and may not be modified without the prior written consent of both parties. In no event shall any inconsistent or conflicting terms and conditions contained in any purchase order, insertion order, invoice or other document submitted by Customer concerning the subject matter hereof have any force or effect unless accepted or signed by Outbrain.
Effective February 16th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Please note that Outbrain Cookie Table has moved here:
https://www.zemanta.com/privacy/cookies
Effective March 4th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Data de Vigência: 4 de março de 2024
The Amplify Terms vary according to the country where your billing address is located. Please use your billing country below to view the applicable Amplify Terms.
My billing address is located in:
United States of America
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Ter
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Channel Islands
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos Island
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Ter
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Great Britain
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Hawaii
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea South
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malaysia
Malawi
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Midway Islands
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Nambia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherland Antilles
Netherlands (Holland, Europe)
Nevis
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau Island
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Montenegro
Republic of Serbia
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
St Barthelemy
St Eustatius
St Helena
St Kitts-Nevis
St Lucia
St Maarten
St Pierre & Miquelon
St Vincent & Grenadines
Saipan
Samoa
Samoa American
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks & Caicos Is
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (Brit)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wake Island
Wallis & Futana Is
Yemen
Zaire
Zambia
Estes Termos e Condições foram revisados e estão atualizados na data efetiva estabelecida acima. Outbrain reserva-se o direito de alterar esses Termos e Condições de tempos em tempos.
Termos e Condições Amplify
Estes Termos e Condições Amplify (“Termos”) são celebrados pela Outbrain Services Monetização de Conteúdo LTDA. (“Outbrain”) e entre a entidade executante de uma Ordem de Inserção ou usuária do Painel de Controle da Outbrain (“Cliente”). Estes Termos regem o uso pelo Cliente do Serviço (conforme definido abaixo) e, juntamente com um Pedido de Inserção (ou com as informações inseridas através do painel de controle da Outbrain (“Painel de Controle”) constitui o “Contrato” entre a Outbrain e o Cliente. Se houver qualquer inconsistência entre: (i) os termos de um Pedido de Inserção assinados ou aqueles inseridos através do Painel de Controle (ambos “Detalhes da Campanha”), e (ii) estes Termos, os Detalhes de Campanha, conforme aplicável, deverão prevalecer.
1. Serviços
1.1 A Outbrain tem uma parceria com uma rede de propriedades online (a “Rede”) para exibir uma interface de usuários que contém links que navegam para os sites. A Outbrain usa seus algoritmos, fornecendo metodologia de veiculação e as suas ferramentas avançadas de compra para apresentar anúncios em nome dos clientes a audiências relevantes em toda a Rede (o “Serviço”).
1.2 A Outbrain deve exibir links para conteúdo gráfico, textual, vídeo e/ou sonoro selecionado pelo Cliente na Rede. Tais links, juntamente com os títulos,  imagens e/ou vídeos que podem acompanhar os links e a página de destino alcançada a partir de qualquer um desses links são o “Conteúdo”. A Outbrain deve continuar distribuindo o Conteúdo na Rede até os seguintes fatos, prevalecendo o que acontecer primeiro: (i) o fim do prazo da Campanha do Cliente; ou (ii) quando alcançado o orçamento do Cliente; ou (iii) quando desativada a campanha (considerando que a Outbrain reserva-se o direito de cobrar por Ações adicionais (vide cláusula 5.1) caso o Conteúdo seja retirado de circulação - ver
FAQs
para maiores detalhes).
1.3 A Outbrain não garante: (i) a colocação, posicionamento ou o tempo de entrega de qualquer Conteúdo; (ii) cliques ou impressões (incluindo cliques de um segmento de público específico); e/ou ou (iii) conversões. Se os Honorários (conforme definidos na Cláusula 5), não atingirem o orçamento do Cliente, as únicas opções do Cliente são: (i) sujeito à cláusula 2, prorrogar a data final da campanha, (ii) substituir ou complementar o conteúdo existente com outro Conteúdo; ou (iii) pagar apenas pelos Honorários acumulados. Em nenhum caso a Outbrain será responsabilizada por não entregar cliques, impressões e/ou visualizações para o Conteúdo.
1.4 A Outbrain disponibilizará relatórios para o Cliente relativamente à(s) campanha(s). Os relatórios finais mensais (os quais podem ser diferentes dos relatórios diários) servirão de base para o cálculo conclusivo dos Honorários de serviço devidos pelo Cliente. O Cliente pode enviar o seu próprio rastreador de cliques se compatível com a Outbrain. Se houver um desvio de 10% (dez por cento) ou mais entre os números do Cliente e os números da Outbrain, então as partes concordam em trabalhar em boa-fé para identificarem a quantidade correta a ser paga à Outbrain. Se a discrepância for inferior a 10% (dez por cento), os números da Outbrain serão definitivos.
2. Conteúdo
2.1 O Cliente é o único responsável pelo Conteúdo. O Cliente tem o direito de e autoriza a Outbrain a colocar o Conteúdo na Rede. O Cliente está autorizado a utilizar e/ou aprovou todas as imagens e palavras do título do Conteúdo (quer sejam escritas, criadas ou geradas pelo Cliente ou em nome do Cliente). Os títulos e as imagens do Conteúdo devem refletir com precisão o tom e o assunto do Conteúdo. Na medida em que a Outbrain (e/ou ferramentas integradas) fornece recomendações sobre o Conteúdo, os títulos e/ou a campanha, o Cliente continua a ser o único responsável.
2.2 O Cliente não deverá, direta ou indiretamente, fornecer Conteúdo que: (i) seja obsceno, difamatório, calunioso, pornográfico, violento, profano, indecente ou ilegal; (ii) seja factualmente impreciso, enganoso ou ilegal e/ou; (iii) facilite ou promova qualquer tipo de atividade ilegal, incluindo, sem limitação, esquemas de pirâmide, apostas ilegais, a venda ou o consumo de drogas ilícitas, ou discriminação ou assédio de qualquer indivíduo ou grupo. Ademais, o Conteúdo não poderá (a) redirecionar para um destino diferente daquele originalmente submetido ao Serviço, e/ou (b) ser substancialmente diferente do Conteúdo originalmente submetido à Outbrain.
2.3 O Conteúdo deve estar em conformidade com as
Diretrizes de Publicidade da Outbrain
, que podem ser atualizadas periodicamente pela Outbrain. A Outbrain pode, a qualquer momento (e a seu exclusivo critério), rejeitar ou remover Conteúdos.
2.4 O Cliente reconhece e concorda que determinados Conteúdos podem ser alterados no decurso de uma campanha (por exemplo, devido a revisões efetuadas pelo autor do Conteúdo, comentários dos leitores ou outros). O recurso do Cliente no caso de tal alteração será instruir a Outbrain a remover esse Conteúdo da sua campanha em curso e/ou selecionar outro Conteúdo. O Cliente reconhece ainda que, em caso de objeção ao Conteúdo (seja por parte do autor ou editor do Conteúdo, ou de outra forma), a Outbrain agirá em conformidade com a Secção 2 dos seus Termos de Utilização e poderá deixar (a seu exclusivo critério) de incluir o Conteúdo no Serviço ou exigir que o Cliente faça alterações ao Conteúdo.
2.4 Ambas as partes devem implementar processos de verificação anti-malware do Conteúdo. Mediante notificação, ambas as partes devem tomar medidas imediatas para remover qualquer Conteúdo suspeito da Rede.
3. Prazo e Cancelamento
Nos Detalhes da Campanha ficarão estabelecidas a data de início e fim de uma campanha em particular. No entanto, o Contrato ou uma campanha individual podem ser suspensos ou cancelados: (i) pelo Cliente por qualquer motivo, mediante aviso prévio por escrito de dois (2) dias úteis para a Outbrain ou no prazo de 12 (doze) horas através do Painel de Controle, ou (ii) pela Outbrain, por qualquer motivo, mediante dois (2) dias de aviso prévio, por escrito, para o Cliente. Durante o período de aviso prévio, todas as campanhas anteriormente contratadas devem continuar a funcionar de acordo com o estabelecido nos Detalhes da Campanha e o Cliente será responsável pelo pagamento à Outbrain de todos os cliques recebidos incluso durante esse período de aviso prévio. A Outbrain também se reserva o direito de unilateralmente, a seu exclusivo critério, imediatamente suspender ou terminar o uso de todo e qualquer Serviço por parte do Cliente se a Outbrain, razoavelmente, acreditar que o Cliente está em violação dos termos deste Contrato.
4. Detalhes da Campanha
Se o Cliente utilizar o Painel de Controle da Outbrain, o Cliente terá acesso a determinados relatórios online e ao controle sobre sua(s) campanha(s). Na medida em que o Cliente registrar e tiver acesso ao Painel de Controle, a Outbrain poderá coletar certos dados pessoais do Cliente. A Outbrain coleta e processa esses dados pessoais com a finalidade de responder questões ou solicitações do Cliente, proporcionar ao Cliente o acesso a certos serviços, verificar a identidade do Cliente e para comunicar-se com o Cliente sobre o uso do Serviço. O Cliente é o único responsável por todas as alterações solicitadas ou aprovados (diretamente ou via API - Interface de Programação de Aplicativos - da Outbrain), inclusive as efetuadas através do Painel de Controle usando seu login. O Cliente é o único responsável por proteger o seu login e sua senha para o uso do Painel de Controle. O Cliente pode gerenciar campanhas usando o Painel para modificar Detalhes da Campanha, e/ou o Cliente pode ter a opção de trabalhar com um gerente de contas da Outbrain, conforme determinado pela Outbrain.
5. Honorários e Pagamento
5.1 Os Anúncios apresentados na Rede serão pagos através de um dos seguintes métodos: (i) custo por clique (“CPC”); (ii) custo por mil impressões (“CPM”); (iii) custo por visualização completa (“CPCv”) aonde ‘visualização completa’ significa que 50% (cinquenta por cento) do vídeo do Conteúdo está no campo de visão continuamente do começo ao fim do vídeo; (iv) custo por mil impressões visualizadas (“vCPM”); e/ou (v) outras ações desejadas e acordadas entre as partes, de tempos em tempos (cada uma denominada “Ação”). Uma impressão visualizada é considerada visualizada se 50% (cinquenta por cento) do anúncio em vídeo ficar no campo de visão por 2 segundos consecutivos. Os honorários da Outbrain serão baseados no número de Ações, somado o custo do Serviço (os “Honorários”), que não excederão o orçamento máximo pré-designado pelo Cliente. O Cliente deve pagar os Honorários à Outbrain conforme medida pelo sistema de rastreamento da Outbrain, até ao orçamento máximo designado nos Detalhes da Campanha. A Outbrain pode cobrar quaisquer impostos de uso ou vendas nacionais, estaduais ou locais aplicáveis, impostos de valor agregado ou taxas específicas do país, nos quais a Outbrain é legalmente obrigada a cobrar. Caso o CPC esteja sendo utilizado para medir a campanha, tal CPC não deverá ser menor que o CPC mínimo em vigor da Outbrain na época (o qual pode variar de acordo com o mercado). Se o Cliente estiver utilizando a ferramenta automática de leilão da Outbrain, o Cliente concede à Outbrain o direito de definir e modificar o CPC do Cliente, a critério da Outbrain, para que e Outbrain possa ajudar a alcançar as metas do Cliente para sua campanha. O Cliente deverá ser o único responsável por tarifas adicionais decorrentes da utilização de serviços terceiros em sua(s) campanha(s). Para que não existam dúvidas, a Outbrain não cobrirá, creditará ou reembolsará quaisquer valores de terceiros, incluindo-se, mas não se limitando, ao uso de quaisquer rastreadores de terceiros nas campanhas do Cliente. O Cliente pode aumentar ou diminuir seu orçamento através do Painel de Controle ou através do aditamento assinado do Pedido de Inserção.
5.2 Se o Cliente assinou um Pedido de Inserção, os Honorários serão geralmente faturados pela Outbrain ao Cliente no último dia do calendário do mês seguinte, salvo se de outra forma estabelecido no Pedido de Inserção. O Cliente deverá pagar todas as faturas no prazo de trinta (30) dias a partir do recebimento. Qualquer valor de uma cobrança não contestada (de acordo com a Seção 5.3) de boa-fé deve ser paga na íntegra. Se o Cliente forneceu os Detalhes da Campanha através do Painel de Controle ou assinou um Pedido de Inserção e usou um cartão de crédito para fins de faturamento, a Outbrain deverá cobrar seus Honorários (incluindo taxas de processamento) através do cartão de crédito do Cliente em intervalos determinados pela Outbrain, a seu exclusivo critério. A decisão sobre permitir ou não ao Cliente escolher entre fatura e cartão de crédito e/ou requerer pagamento antecipado (antes do início da campanha) recai exclusivamente sobre a Outbrain. A Outbrain deve analisar todos os pedidos de fatura, incluindo os pedidos de reembolso, caso-a-caso e se reserva o direito de aprovar ou negar qualquer pedido a seu exclusivo critério.
5.3 Se o Cliente contestar qualquer quantia em uma fatura, o Cliente deverá fornecer um aviso, por escrito, à Outbrain (por e-mail é suficiente) no prazo de trinta (30) dias após o recebimento de qualquer fatura, caso contrário será considerado como renúncia ao direito de contestar. O e-mail do Cliente deve incluir o valor contestado e fornecer informações adequadas para apoiar tal reivindicação. O Cliente não pode reter o pagamento de quaisquer quantias não contestadas, e qualquer parte de uma cobrança não contestada de boa fé deve ser paga integralmente.
5.4 Se o pagamento não for realizado no prazo previsto e não for devidamente contestado de acordo com a Cláusula 5.3, a Outbrain pode cobrar juros de mora à taxa de 6% (seis por cento) ao ano, a partir da data de vencimento até a data do efetivo pagamento, bem como correção monetária conforme a variação positiva do IGPM/FGV no período, seja antes ou após o julgamento. A Outbrain também se reserva o direito de suspender ou terminar, no todo ou em parte, o uso do Serviço do Cliente até que o Cliente pague todos os valores devidos. A Outbrain ainda tem direito de cobrar do Cliente todos os custos de cobrança, incluindo a agência de cobrança, honorários advocatícios contratuais de 20% (vinte por cento) e custas judiciais. O Cliente autoriza a Outbrain a investigar o histórico de crédito do Cliente. Se aplicável, o Cliente concorda em fornecer informações financeiras e documentação que possam ser solicitadas, de tempos em tempos pela Outbrain, como condição para a contínua extensão de crédito. O Cliente reconhece e concorda que qualquer conta, cartão de crédito e informações relacionadas a cobrança e pagamento que o Cliente forneça à Outbrain pode ser compartilhado pela Outbrain com empresas que trabalhem em seu benefício com a exclusiva finalidade de executar verificações de crédito, efetuar pagamento em favor da Outbrain, coletar dívidas para a Outbrain e/ou para fins de manutenção de conta do Cliente. A Outbrain pode, a seu exclusivo critério, prorrogar, rever ou revogar o crédito a qualquer tempo. A Outbrain reserva-se o direito de exigir o pagamento imediato de qualquer saldo devedor que exceda o limite de crédito do Cliente e/ou além dos prazos de pagamento definidos neste Contrato.
6. Recursos e Termos Adicionais
6.1 Outbrain também pode disponibilizar, de tempos em tempos, recursos adicionais de Serviços ao Cliente, os quais poderão estar sujeitos à concordância do Cliente de certos termos e condições adicionais (“Termos Adicionais”) (por exemplo, através de um acordo via acesso online ou através do Painel de Controle). Esses recursos serão fornecidos a critério da Outbrain, ao Cliente, e podem incluir honorários adicionais além dos descritos na Cláusula 5.1. A aceitação, pelo Cliente, dos Termos Adicionais constituirá acordo vinculativo e executável entre a Outbrain e o Cliente. Na hipótese de um conflito entre estes Termos, os Termos Adicionais e os Detalhes da Campanha, a ordem de precedência será a seguinte: (i) Termos Adicionais, (ii) Detalhes da Campanha, e (iii) estes Termos. Os Clientes que escolherem utilizar os serviços LiveRamp (através do Painel de Controle da Outbrain ou de outra forma), para fins da sua campanha na Outbrain, estão sujeitos aos
Termos da Outbrain LiveRamp
.
6.2 Sujeito ao cumprimento pelo Cliente o disposto na Cláusula 9 abaixo, o Cliente poderá colocar no seu site, páginas de aplicação ou páginas de destino: (i) o(s) pixel(s) da Outbrain (“Outbrain Pixel”); e/ou (ii) Tags ou Pixel de terceiros (“Pixels de Terceiros”) com a finalidade de proporcionar análises relacionadas à campanha do Cliente e/ou à funcionalidade de segmentação aprimorada (os Pixels da Outbrain e os Pixels de Terceiros são chamados conjuntamente de “Pixels”). O Cliente declara e garante que: (a) o uso dos Pixels está em conformidade com as Leis de Proteção de Dados aplicáveis, e (b) providenciou a devida notificação aos usuários a respeito do uso de pixels, incluindo explicações a respeito: (x) de que terceiros, incluindo a Outbrain, poderão utilizar cookies ou outras tecnologias similares para coletar ou receber de informações do site(s) do Cliente e que estas informações poderão ser utilizadas para proporcionar medidas de serviços e propaganda direcionada; e (y) como os usuários podem recusar a coleta de informações para fins de direcionamento de conteúdo; and (z) que não utilizará o Pixel em websites em páginas direcionadas à menores de idade e/ou que contenham categorias sensíveis de dados (por exemplo, condições de saúde física ou mental). O Cliente declara estar ciente de que não poderá utilizar pixels sem antes cumprir com o disposto nesta Cláusula 6.2. Além disso, se um usuário final tiver optado por não receber publicidade comportamental, através do(s) site(s) do Cliente (ou de mecanismo como configurações em um aplicativo de anunciante), o Cliente será inteiramente responsável por não carregar o Pixel da Outbrain. A Outbrain pode atualizar, alterar ou substituir a funcionalidade do Outbrain Pixel, ao seu critério, e a qualquer momento, desde que não interrompa o funcionamento da página de destino do Cliente e sirva o mesmo propósito.
6.3. Caso o Cliente tenha solicitado segmentos de terceiros para segmentação aprimorada (“Segmentação de Terceiros”) da sua campanha(s) o Cliente deverá pagar pelo uso da Segmentação de Terceiros (“Custos de Dados de Terceiros”), incluindo as taxas e os impostos aplicáveis. A nota fiscal do Cliente, para cada uma das campanhas, deve incluir tanto os Honorários, como os Custos de Dados de Terceiros (caso seja aplicável). O Cliente concorda que os Custos dos Dados de Terceiros se baseiam nas métricas de relatório da Outbrain. Se o Cliente utilizar Segmentação de Terceiros, ele deverá: (x) declarar isso aos usuários através de de um meio apropriado de aviso e/ou em sua política de privacidade (quando aplicável); e (y) declarar e garantir que o uso de Segmentação de Terceiros deverá estar, todo o tempo, em acordo com a as Leis de Proteção de Dados aplicáveis e satisfaçam os requisitos para uma base legal adequada para o processamento. O Cliente não deverá, em nenhum momento, usar a Segmentação de Terceiros: (i) para fins discriminatórios; (ii) visar menores de dezesseis (16) anos; (iii) com base em Categorias Especiais de Dados Pessoais; (iv) com base em Dados Pessoais relativos a condenações criminais ou infrações alegadas ou confirmadas; ou (v) de outra forma em violação de qualquer lei aplicável em qualquer país onde a campanha seja realizada.
7. Confidencialidade
7.1 Cada parte concorda em respeitar qualquer Informação Confidencial (como definido abaixo) que seja revelada de uma parte para a outra em relação ao Contrato, a parte que receber tal Informação Confidencial não a divulgará para quaisquer terceiros ou irá usá-la para qualquer fim exceto se relacionado a seus direitos e obrigações dentro do Contrato. “Informação Confidencial” significa toda informação relativa à parte ou quaisquer de suas subsidiárias ou afiliadas que não seja geralmente conhecida pelo público, a informação que seja marcada como confidencial ou de propriedade, ou como informações confidenciais ou de propriedade, ou que, sob as circunstâncias, deveriam razoavelmente ser tratadas como confidenciais ou de propriedade, e inclui, sem limitação, os termos do Contrato. Não obstante o acima descrito, Informações Confidenciais não incluem informações que: (i) a partir do momento da divulgação, ou após essa data tornam-se de domínio público através de uma fonte que não seja a parte que a recebeu; (ii) esteja legalmente em posse da parte que a recebeu a partir do momento da divulgação; (iii) tenha sido desenvolvida de forma independente pela parte receptora sem referência à Informação Confidencial; ou (iv) seja posteriormente obtida por um terceiro não sujeito a uma obrigação de confidencialidade com relação à informação divulgada.
7.2 Informações Confidenciais serão mantidas em sigilo estrito e devem ser protegidas com todas as medidas de segurança necessárias e razoáveis. Informações Confidenciais não serão liberadas pela parte receptora a ninguém, exceto um funcionário ou agente que tenha necessidade de conhecê-la e que esteja vinculado por obrigações de confidencialidade pelo menos tão restritas quanto estas aqui contidas. Nenhuma das partes vai usar qualquer porção das informações confidenciais fornecidas pela outra parte, nos termos do Contrato, para qualquer outra finalidade que não aquelas expressamente definidas no âmbito do Contrato. Não obstante, quaisquer das partes pode divulgar Informações Confidenciais estritamente necessárias para cumprir as exigências de qualquer ordem judicial, lei ou agência governamental e a Outbrain pode compartilhar informações confidenciais de Cliente com qualquer empresa holding do Cliente ou com qualquer empresa subsidiária da holding do Cliente.
7.3 Se o Cliente estiver agindo em nome de um provedor de Conteúdo, o Cliente autoriza a Outbrain a conceder a tal provedor de Conteúdo (ou qualquer terceiro subsequente nomeado pelo provedor de Conteúdo) o acesso e o direito de usar os Detalhes da Campanha.
8. Declarações e Garantias
8.1 Cada parte declara e garante à outra parte que: (i) possui todos os direitos e poderes necessários para celebrar o Contrato e garantir os direitos e licenças no âmbito do Contrato; (ii) cumprirá as Leis Aplicáveis; e (iii) a execução ou aceitação do Contrato (que inclui os Detalhes da Campanha), e o desempenho das suas respectivas obrigações e deveres, nos termos do Contrato, não irá violar qualquer contrato a qual tal parte esteja vinculada. “Leis Aplicáveis” significa quaisquer leis ou regulamentos federais, estaduais ou estrangeiros aplicáveis ou quaisquer regras ou diretrizes de autorregulamentação do setor (incluindo-se as Diretrizes, Padrões e Melhores Práticas do Interactive Advertising Bureau, Standards e Práticas de Conduta, o Código de Conduta da NAI, os Princípios de Autorregulação da DAA para Publicidade Comportamental Online. Quaisquer Leis Aplicáveis relacionadas à proteção nacional de dados são doravante designadas como “Leis de Proteção de Dados”.
8.2 O Cliente reconhece e declara que: (i) o Conteúdo (que, para evitar dúvidas, inclui o título, imagens, vídeos e as páginas de destino) não viola nenhuma das Leis Aplicáveis e não contêm qualquer material que possa ser prejudicial, abusivo, obsceno, ameaçador ou difamatório; (ii) tem todos os direitos, licenças e autorizações necessários para conceder os direitos aqui concedidos, incluindo para a Outbrain usar, hospedar, armazenar em cache, encaminhar, armazenar, copiar, modificar, distribuir, reformatar, reproduzir, publicar, exibir, transmitir e distribuir o Conteúdo; (iii) o Conteúdo não irá infringir quaisquer direitos de propriedade intelectual de terceiros; (iv) não fornecerá conteúdo destinado a crianças menores de treze 16 (dezesseis) anos; (v) o Conteúdo está em conformidade com as
Diretrizes de Publicidade da Outbrain
, que podem ser atualizadas periodicamente pela Outbrain; (vi) O Conteúdo não deve (a) redirecionar para um destino diferente do originalmente submetido ao Serviço, e/ou (b) ser substancialmente diferente do Conteúdo originalmente submetido ao Serviço; (vii) não usará o Serviço de maneira a obter uma vantagem inesperada ou interferir com a integridade e/ou performance geral do Serviço; (viii) se estiver usando o Painel de Controle, o Cliente adere a quaisquer regras de uso tal como determinado pela Outbrain (por exemplo, não usando “source bidding” para listar em “whitelist” qualquer fonte de Rede particular); (ix) não está sujeito, não pertence, não é controlado por qualquer pessoa que esteja sujeita a sanções ou restrições de controle de exportação, impostas de acordo com a legislação dos Estados Unidos ou as leis de qualquer outra jurisdição aplicável à execução do contrato e não realizará nenhuma ação que possa resultar em sanções econômicas ou outras restrições de controle comercial ou penalidades que poderiam ser impostas à Outbrain; e (x) todas as informações comerciais e de pagamento fornecidas à Outbrain são verdadeiras, corretas e precisas.
8.3 Se o Cliente é uma agência (ou outro tipo de terceiro agindo em nome do provedor do Conteúdo), o Cliente declara e garante que: (i) é o agente autorizado do provedor do Conteúdo; (ii) tem a autoridade legal para assinar o Contrato e tomar todas as decisões e ações relacionadas ao provedor do Conteúdo; e (iii) firmou um contrato por escrito que concede à agência autoridade para representar o provedor do Conteúdo, de acordo com (i) e (ii) acima (e deve submeter esse contrato à Outbrain sob demanda). O Cliente também concorda que não está agindo, através do Painel de Controle, em nome de uma empresa francesa ou estrangeira, cujo conteúdo de propaganda visa atingir principalmente o território francês. Se o Cliente está agindo em nome de um provedor que visa atingir o território francês, por favor, entre em contato com info@outbrain.com para obter mais informações sobre como adquirir Serviços Outbrain.
8.4 EXCETO SE EXPRESSAMENTE EXPOSTO ADIANTE NO CONTRATO, A OUTBRAIN NÃO FAZ QUAISQUER DECLARAÇÕES OU GARANTIAS, EXPRESSAS OU IMPLÍCITAS – INCLUSIVE, MAS NÃO LIMITANDO-SE À GARANTIAS DE COMERCIALIZAÇÃO, TÍTULO, NÃO-VIOLAÇÃO, OU ADEQUAÇÃO A UM DETERMINADO FIM, OU QUAISQUER GARANTIAS DECORRENTES DE UM CONTRATO, USO OU PRÁTICA COMERCIAL – SOBRE SEUS SERVIÇOS E O DESEMPENHO OU ÊXITO DE QUALQUER CAMPANHA REALIZADA EM BENEFÍCIO DO CLIENTE, OU QUE O SERVIÇO FUNCIONE ININTERRUPTAMENTE, DE FORMA SEGURA E SEM ERROS.
9. Proteção de Dados
As disposições do
Acordo de Compartilhamento de Dados
devem ser incorporadas neste Contrato, e fazem dele parte.
10. Indenização
10.1 Cada parte defenderá, indenizará e segurará a outra de qualquer má conduta assim como seus agentes representativos, afiliadas, subsidiárias, diretores, representantes legais, empregados, contratados, e sócios da Rede (se aplicável) em caso de toda e qualquer demanda de terceiros que resulte da quebra das obrigações e representações deste Contrato.
10.2 Em relação a quaisquer de tais demandas : (i) a parte a ser indenizada proverá uma pronta notificação por escrito para a parte a indenizar sobre quaisquer de tais demandas (tendo em vista que a falha em prover tal pronta notificação não exonerará a parte a indenizar de suas obrigações de indenização no Contrato, exceto à medida em que já tenha sofrido dano); (ii) a parte a indenizar deverá ter sozinha o controle de defesa e regularização da demanda (dado que a parte a indenizar não pode entrar em qualquer acordo que possa afetar de forma adversa os direitos e obrigações da parte a ser indenizada sem o consentimento prévio por escrito da parte a ser indenizada); (iii) a pedido e despesas da parte a indenizar, a parte a ser indenizada cooperará com a investigação e defesa de tal demanda; e (iv) a parte a ser indenizada terá o direito de participar na sua defesa com o advogado de sua própria escolha, a despesas da parte a ser indenizada.
11. Limitação de Responsabilidade
EXCETO COM RELAÇÃO A DEMANDAS DECORRENTES DE OBRIGAÇÕES DE INDENIZAÇÃO, DOLO, VIOLAÇÃO DAS NORMA DE CONFIDENCIALIDADE/PROVISÕES DE PROTEÇÃO DE DADOS E/OU NÃO PAGAMENTO DOS ENCARGOS DEVIDOS NO CONTRATO POR UMA DAS PARTES, A RESPONSABILIDADE TOTAL MÁXIMA AGREGADA DE UMA PARTE E SEUS DIRETORES, EXECUTIVOS, FUNCIONÁRIOS, FORNECEDORES, SÓCIOS DA REDE OU, AGENTES PARA QUALQUER AÇÃO, INDEPENDENTEMENTE DA FORMA DA AÇÃO, SEJA EM RESPONSABILIDADE CIVIL OU CONTRATO, SURGIDA OU RELACIONADA DE QUALQUER FORMA AO CONTRATO OU SUA APLICAÇÃO SERÁ LIMITADA AO MAIOR DE: (I) O VALOR DAS TAXAS DEVIDAS PELO CLIENTE NO ÂMBITO DO CONTRATO NOS 12 MESES IMEDIATAMENTE ANTERIORES AO EVENTO QUE ORIGINE UMA DEMANDA; E (II) US$ 50.000,00. EM NENHUMA HIPÓTESE QUALQUER UMA DAS PARTES SERÁ RESPONSÁVEL POR DANOS CONSEQUENCIAIS, ESPECIAIS, PUNITIVOS OU FORTUITOS OU POR OUTROS DANOS DE QUALQUER NATUREZA, INCLUINDO, SEM SE LIMITAR A, PERDA DE DADOS, PERDA DE RECEITAS OU PERDA DE LUCROS, DECORRENTES DE OU DE ALGUMA FORMA RELACIONADOS AO CONTRATO OU SUA EXECUÇÃO, MESMO QUE TAL PARTE TENHA SIDO AVISADA DA POSSIBILIDADE DE TAIS DANOS.
12. Disposições Gerais
12.1 Nenhuma das partes poderá outorgar o Contrato, no todo ou em parte, por força da lei ou de outra forma, sem o prévio consentimento por escrito da outra parte; previsto, entretanto que, quaisquer das partes pode outorgar seus direitos ou delegar a sua competência no âmbito do Contrato, no todo ou em parte, sem o consentimento do outro, se em caso de fusão, reorganização ou venda de todos ou substancialmente todos os ativos da outorgante, desde que a entidade sucessora disponha de recursos suficientes para executar plenamente o Contrato e assumir a obrigação de cumpri-lo plenamente.
12.2 O presente Contrato será regido e interpretado de acordo com as leis Brasileiras aplicáveis aos contratos celebrados e inteiramente executados dentro dele, sem levar em conta o corpo de lei relativo ao conflito de leis. Cada parte neste contrato de forma irrevogável e incondicional consente submeter-se à jurisdição exclusiva dos tribunais do Estado de São Paulo e da cidade de São Paulo, Brasil, para qualquer demanda resultante ou relacionada ao Contrato (e concorda em não começar qualquer reivindicação que lhe diga respeito que não seja em tais tribunais). A parte prevalecente em qualquer demanda decorrente do Contrato terá o direito de recuperar taxas e custos razoáveis de seu advogado. Não obstante o acima exposto, em caso de inadimplemento, por parte do Cliente, das obrigações estabelecidas a Cláusula 5 acima, a Outbrain terá o direito, se assim o desejar, de iniciar ação judicial ou extrajudicial contra o Cliente, devido ao inadimplemento, perante o foro apropriado e no local e jurisdição em que o Cliente reside ou mantém ativos.
12.3 Notas de imprensa ou anúncios públicos gerais não devem ser feitos sem o consentimento mútuo e por escrito do Cliente e da Outbrain. A Outbrain terá o direito de incluir o nome do Cliente na lista de clientes da Outbrain e em outros materiais de marketing. Clientes não poderão usar o nome, logo ou a marca registrada da Outbrain sem a autorização prévia e por escrito da mesma.
12.4 Todas as notificações no âmbito do Contrato devem ser por escrito para o endereço do destinatário definido na Ordem de Inserção, ou em qualquer outro endereço como pode ser indicado mediante notificação por escrito à outra parte, de tempos em tempos. A notificação será eficaz no recebimento.
12.5 Nenhuma falha de quaisquer das partes em aplicar quaisquer de seus direitos ao abrigo do Contrato atuará como uma renúncia a tais direitos. Se uma (1) ou mais disposições do Contrato forem considerados aplicáveis sob as Leis Aplicáveis, então essa (s) disposição (s) deve (m) ser excluída (s) do acordo, e o saldo do Contrato será executável de acordo com seus termos.
12.6 Nenhuma das partes será responsável por qualquer atraso ou falha em cumprir quaisquer de suas obrigações estabelecidas no Contrato devido a causas que estejam fora de seu controle razoável. Nenhuma das partes será responsável por qualquer indisponibilidade ou inoperabilidade da Internet, falha técnica ou erro ou corrupção de computador resultando em perda de dados ou outros danos. Independentemente do aqui estabelecido, o Cliente não será exonerado das suas obrigações de pagar os honorários devidos em conformidade com este Contrato.
12.7 As Cláusulas 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 e 12, em conjunto com qualquer disputa pendente de obrigação de pagamento sobreviverão à rescisão do Contrato.
12.8 O Cliente e a Outbrain atuarão como contratantes independentes. Nada no Contrato será considerado ou será interpretado como agindo para a criação de um empreendimento conjunto ou parceria entre as partes.
12.9 O Contrato constitui a totalidade do acordo entre as partes com relação ao assunto aqui tratado e não pode ser modificado sem o prévio consentimento por escrito de ambas as partes. Em nenhuma hipótese, quaisquer termos e condições inconsistentes ou conflitantes contidos em qualquer ordem de compra, ordem de inserção, fatura ou outro documento enviado pelo Cliente relativo ao assunto aqui tratado, tem qualquer força ou efeito, ainda que aceito e assinado pela Outbrain.
Code on Page
MSA Terms
HB Terms
Video Terms
SSP Terms
Effective June 20th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
標準的パートナー配信規約
適用開始日：2023年8月1日
The Engage Terms vary according to the country where your billing address is located. Please use your billing country below to view the applicable Engage Terms.
My billing address is located in:
United States of America
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Ter
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Channel Islands
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos Island
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Ter
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Great Britain
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Hawaii
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea South
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malaysia
Malawi
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Midway Islands
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Nambia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherland Antilles
Netherlands (Holland, Europe)
Nevis
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau Island
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Montenegro
Republic of Serbia
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
St Barthelemy
St Eustatius
St Helena
St Kitts-Nevis
St Lucia
St Maarten
St Pierre & Miquelon
St Vincent & Grenadines
Saipan
Samoa
Samoa American
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks & Caicos Is
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (Brit)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wake Island
Wallis & Futana Is
Yemen
Zaire
Zambia
本利用規約（下で定義する）は、請求先住所の存する国によって内容が異なります。適用のある本利用規約を確認するには、請求先住所の存在する国を選択してください。
パートナー登録フォーム記載のパートナーが、Outbrainが提供する商品、サービス及びテクノロジーを実装及び使用する際には、以下の標準的パートナー配信規約（以下「本利用規約」という。）が適用される。
1.       定義
1.1.      「Ads.txt」とは、許可されたデジタル販売者のテキストファイルをいう。Ads.txtへの言及は、App-ads.txtを含む。
1.2.      「広告型レコメンデーション」とは、Outbrainの広告主から提出されたOutbrainネットワーク上の（回遊型レコメンデーションではない）本レコメンデーションをいう。
1.3.      「本アプリケーション」とは、モバイル端末（電話又はタブレットを含む）上で動作するよう設計された内蔵ソフトウェアをいう。
1.4.      「本コンテンツ」とは、グラフィックコンテンツ、テキストコンテンツ及び／又はオーディオコンテンツ（テキスト、データ、情報、写真、画像、グラフィック、オーディオ、動画その他のコンテンツを含む場合がある）をいう。
1.5.      「本カード」とは、本レコメンデーションが表示される本テクノロジーを通じて利用することができるフォーマットをいう。
1.6.      「本データ」とは、本テクノロジーを通じてOutbrainが収集又は生成するすべてのデータを意味する。これには、本契約に基づいてパートナーに提供されるレポート又は他のデータが含まれる。
1.7.      「リンク先ページ」とは、本レコメンデーションをクリックすることによってアクセスされる、あらゆるウェブページ又はオンライン上の場所（本パートナーサイト又は他のウェブサイト若しくは本アプリケーションを含む場合がある）をいう。
1.8.      「エンドユーザー」とは、本テクノロジーが実装されている本パートナーサイトのウェブページ、本アプリケーション及び／又はプラットフォームの個人である閲覧者をいう。
1.9.      「知的財産権」とは、特許の有無及び登録の有無を問わず、発明、発見、概念、表現又は著作物をいう。これには、発見、組み合わせ、ノウハウ、手順、技術情報、プロセス、方法、数式、アルゴリズム、プロトコル、技術、意匠、図面及びトレードドレス、それらの物理的態様並びに特許、著作権、商標、工業デザイン、実用新案（及びそれらの出願又は拡張）、ドメイン、企業秘密又は現在若しくは将来の法域において認められるこれらに類似の権利を含み、これに限定されない。
1.10.    「本パートナーサイト」とは、パートナー登録フォームに明記されているウェブプロパティ、本アプリケーション又はプラットフォーム、並びに、事前に書面で（Eメール可）Outbrainの承認を受けてパートナーが本テクノロジーの実装を決めた追加的プロパティ をいう。
1.11.    「回遊型レコメンデーション」とは、本パートナーサイト上の本コンテンツにリンクする本レコメンデーション（広告型レコメンデーションではない）をいう。
1.12.    「本レコメンデーション」とは、Outbrainが閲覧者に配信する、本テクノロジーが実装されたウェブページ、本アプリケーション又はプラットフォームの本カードを通じた、広告型レコメンデーション及び回遊型レコメンデーションの表示をいう。
1.13.    「本収益」とは、広告型レコメンデーションから生じた純収入及び広告型レコメンデーションをOutbrainネットワーク上に表示するためにOutbrainに支払われる収益をいう。
1.14.    「本テクノロジー」とは、OutbrainのJavaScript、 API、SDK 及び関連プロトコルであって、ウェブサイト及び本アプリケーションに実装することにより、本カードの提供、選択及び注文のためのOutbrain独自の最適化技術により管理されるユーザーインターフェースを表示するものをいう。
1.15.    「本アップデート」とは、Outbrainが随時、独自の裁量で行う、本テクノロジーの更新、修正又は改善（Ads.txtの記載及びこれに類似する業界のスタンダードの追加が含まれるが、これらに限定されない）をいう。
1.16.    「OB生成リンク」とは、OBNews.Outbrain.com（又はOutbrainが随時提供する後継リンク若しくは追加リンク）の紹介リンクから生成されたパートナーサイト上のエンドユーザーのページビューをいう。
2.     テクノロジー、位置及び外観
2.1.       パートナーは、Outbrainによる技術的な指示及びOutbrainが提供する実装ガイド（これらは随時改訂される。）に従い、本テクノロジー（提供されるOutbrainのAds.txtを含む）を実装するものとする。Outbrainは、当該実装にあたり使用される本テクノロジーを、Outbrainが利用することができる本テクノロジー（例：JS、API、SDK又はこれに相当する他のもの）の中から、その独自の裁量により決定することができる。本テクノロジーは、本パートナーサイトの各ページ上のメインの本コンテンツのすぐ下、又は、書面にて（Eメール可）両当事者が合意した場所に配置されるものとする。実装は、書面で別途合意した場合を除き、1ページあたり1つの広告型レコメンデーションへのリンクを含むものとする。
2.2.       本契約期間中常に、パートナーは、すべての適用法及び自主規制規則（本レコメンデーションのソース又は内容の開示に関するものを含む）に準じて本テクノロジーを表示しなければならない。上記の義務のみならず、パートナーは、本テクノロジーの表示、表記又は識別の仕方についてOutbrainの合理的な指示に従うことに同意する。
2.3.       Outbrainは、随時、本アップデートを行うことができる。Outbrain が、パートナーに対して本アップデートを実装するよう要請した場合、パートナーは、Outbrainから当該通知を受領した後30歴日以内に本アップデートを実装しなければならない。当該アップデートが本パートナーサイトのパフォーマンスに重大な悪影響を及ぼすことをパートナーが実証した場合には、Outbrainは、パートナーの当該懸念に対処して合理的な満足が得られるようにし、又は、本アップデートの実装を行わないことに同意することを選択できる。
2.4.       本契約期間中、Outbrainは、パートナーの唯一かつ排他的な、直接的及び間接的なコンテンツレコメンデーションプロバイダとなる。「コンテンツレコメンデーション」とは、見出し又はエンドユーザーが本コンテンツ（リンク先ページがコンテンツであるか、記事広告であるか又は広告であるかを問わない）へ誘導されることを示すフレーズを含む1つ又は複数の有償又は無償のリンクのことをいう。
2.5.       Outbrainは、OB生成リンク又は回遊型レコメンデーションを通じて、エンドユーザーをパートナーサイトに誘導し、パートナーサイトのページビューを追加的に生成することができる。エンドユーザーがOB生成リンクから広告型レコメンデーションをクリックした場合、パートナーは、当該ページビューにより発生した広告収入を得ることができない。回遊型レコメンデーションの表示には、Outbrainの書面による事前承認（Eメール可）が必要であり、この承認は、最低限の広告型レコメンデーションの実装又はその他の料金が条件とされる場合がある。
2.6.       Outbrainは、本テクノロジーについて、試験的変更（本カードの順序、形式及び頻度の変更を含む）を加えることができる。パートナーが試験について管理を行っている場合には、かかる範囲に関し、パートナーは、少なくとも四半期毎に当該試験の要請に応じるものとする。
3.     収益及び支払
3.1.       本契約期間中、パートナーには、本収益のうちパートナー登録フォームに記載された割合が支払われる。Outbrainは、Outbrainが本収益を回収した歴月の末日から、パートナー登録フォームに記載された期間内に、当該支払を行う。疑義を避けるために、本収益は、特に、広告技術料、アウトブレインのプラットフォームに統合された第三者のデータサービス、無効なクリック／インプレッション並びに広告主及び代理店の割引／リベートを控除したものである。
3.2.       パートナーは、記入済みの正確な税務書類その他Outbrainが要求するこれに類する全ての資料（かかる税務書類及び資料を総称して「税務資料等」という。）を、Outbrainに対し速やかに提供しなければならない。本契約中の別段の定めにかかわらず、Outbrainは、(a) Outbrainがパートナーの税務資料等を受領するまでの間、本契約に基づきパートナーに対して行うべき支払を、違約金又は遅延損害金の支払義務を負うことなしに留保し、(b)本契約に基づきパートナーに対して負う支払額から、Outbrainが支払義務を負う税（適用のあるもの）を、法律の定めるところにより控除することができる。Outbrainは、税務資料等を受領した場合には、前記(a)に基づきパートナーへの支払いが留保されている金額を、実務上合理的に可能な範囲で速やかに支払うための商業的に合理的な努力を行う。
3.3.       パートナーは、Outbrainからの支払が適切に行われるよう、連絡先及び支払情報を書面により正確にOutbrainに届け出なければならない。また、支払いにあたり、パートナーの金融機関又は決済サービスプロバイダに対し手数料が生じる場合には、かかる手数料はパートナーにおいて負担するものとする。Outbrainは、パートナーに対して支払われるべき金額が5000円を下回る場合は、パートナーに対して支払うべき金額が累計5000円を超える歴月まで支払を留保するものとする。Outbrainの支払いに関する一切の紛争は、Outbrainに対して、当該支払いがなされた日から30歴日以内に書面で提起されなければならない。かかる期間経過後は、パートナーは、当該支払いにかかる請求を放棄したものとみなされる。パートナーに対して本明細が提供されてから6か月以内にOutbrainが請求書を受領しない場合、当該料金は放棄されたものとみなされる。
3.4.     Outbrainは、Outbrainが有する他の権利及び救済措置に加えて、(i) 本契約（契約の重大な違反の場合も含む）に基づきOutbrainがパートナーに負っている債務の支払いを留保し、又は、かかる債務を、本契約又は他の契約に基づきパートナーがOutbrainに対して負っている債務と相殺すること、及び、(ii) 過去にOutbrainからパートナーに対する過払いがあった場合には、Outbrainは、パートナーに対し、任意の請求書の発行から30歴日以内に、Outbrainに対し、当該金額の返金を行うよう求めることができる。本パートナーサイト上に広告型レコメンデーションを表示させているOutbrainの広告主又は顧客がOutbrainに対する支払を怠った場合、その理由にかかわらず、Outbrainは支払いを留保し、又は、パートナーの口座に返金を求めることができる。
4.     プライバシー
「
個人情報取扱規約
」の各条項は、本契約に組み込まれ、本契約の一部を構成するものとする。
5.     ライセンス
5.1.       本契約期間中、パートナーが本契約の定めを遵守することを条件に、Outbrainは、パートナーに対して、本パートナーサイト上で広告型レコメンデーション及び第2.5条において認められる範囲の回遊型レコメンデーションを既定のフォーム及びフォーマットで表示する目的で本テクノロジーを使用するための、限定的、非排他的かつ取消可能でサブライセンス権がない、譲渡不可能のライセンスを付与する。
5.2.       Outbrainは、本契約期間中、パートナーに対して、本テクノロジーに組み込まれているOutbrainの商標、サービスマーク及びロゴ（併せて「Outbrainマーク」という。）を本契約に基づくパートナーの権利及び義務に厳格に従って使用及び表示することができる限定的、非排他的かつ地域限定のない、ロイヤルティフリーのライセンスを付与する。パートナーによるOutbrainマークの使用により築かれた信用はOutbrainにのみ帰属する。Outbrainはカスタマー又はパートナーの総リストに、本テクノロジーを実装したパートナー及び本パートナーサイトの名前を載せることができる（マーケティング及び販売資料を含む）。前項の規定にかかわらず、各当事者は本契約に関するプレスリリース、又は、本契約で定める以外の自己のウェブサイト上で相手方当事者の名前を使用する場合は、相手方当事者の書面による同意を事前に得るものとする。
5.3.       当事者間の権利関係は以下のとおりとする。（a）Outbrainは、Outbrainマーク、本テクノロジー、本データ（ただし、パートナーが所有権を有する、本パートナーサイトからの本コンテンツは除く）、Outbrainのサイト（
www.outbrain.com
）及び本ダッシュボードに関する一切の権利、権限及び利益を保有する。また（b）パートナーは、本パートナーサイトに関する一切の権利、権限及び利益（ルックアンドフィールを含む）を保有する。ただし、上記（a）に記載された項目はその保有する範囲から除外される。
5.4.       本契約の下付与されるライセンスは、本契約によって具体的に定められ、黙示の権利は一切存在しない。本契約で明示的にパートナーに付与されていない権利は、すべてOutbrainが留保するものとする。
6.     禁止行為
6.1.       パートナーは、以下の行為を行ってはならない。
(i)      本レコメンデーションを編集、修正、切り取り、フィルター処理、又は本レコメンデーションの順序を変える行為
(ii)     リンク先ページを曖昧にし、変更し、又はエンドユーザーをリンク先ページからリダイレクトさせる行為、若しくは、本レコメンデーションとリンク先ページの間に本コンテンツを点在させる行為
(iii)    本テクノロジー本来の表示を縮小、削除又は阻害する行為
(iv)   本レコメンデーションのクリック又はインプレッションを人為的に水増しする行為、若しくは、インセンティブ或いは他の方法を用いて本レコメンデーションのクリックを勧奨したり要請したりする行為、及び／又は、エンドユーザーの意思によらないクリックを発生させることを目的とした、自動化された、欺瞞的な、不正な、無効な、インセンティブのある若しくはその他の方法に関与する行為
(v)     本テクノロジーに含まれる知的財産権に関する通知の一切を削除し、毀損し、曖昧にし、又は変更する行為
(vi)   本契約で明示的に規定されている方法や目的以外に、本テクノロジーにアクセス、複製又は使用する行為
(vii)  本テクノロジーの変更、翻案、翻訳、二次的著作物の作成、逆コンパイル、リバースエンジニアリング、逆アセンブル、その他本テクノロジーのソースコードを抽出しようと試みる行為、本テクノロジー又はそれに関連する機密情報の使用又はアクセスを通じて、代替物又は類似サービス若しくは製品を作成する行為又は第三者のために若しくは第三者に代わって本テクノロジーのその他の使用をする行為
(viii) 本テクノロジーの干渉又は妨害を試み、又は本契約に準じて実装された本テクノロジーを通じた方法以外の方法で、システム又はネットワークへのアクセスを確立しようとする行為
(ix)   本レコメンデーションを複製、キャッシュ、配信、表示、変更、その他使用する行為（又は、第三者の当該行為を承認又は幇助する行為）。ただし、本テクノロジーを通じて提供された本レコメンデーションは除く。
(x)     本テクノロジーをOutbrainが許可しない目的で使用する行為。パートナーに配布された実装ガイドラインに矛盾する目的で使用する行為を含む。
6.2.    パートナーは、本テクノロジーを、アダルトな本コンテンツ、猥褻な本コンテンツ、性的な本コンテンツ、名誉を毀損する本コンテンツ、中傷的な本コンテンツ、侵害的な本コンテンツ、虐待的な本コンテンツ、フェイク本コンテンツ、虚偽の本コンテンツ並びに、ヘイトスピーチ又は差別の勧奨、銃器及び違法薬物の売買、又は、違法な行為に加担し若しくは加担することを促す本コンテンツ、又は、16歳未満の児童向けの本コンテンツを表示し又はこうした本コンテンツを含むページに実装しない。Outbrainは、独自の裁量で、いつでも、本テクノロジーを無効にする権利を留保する。
7.     登録
パートナーは、Outbrainのダッシュボード（以下「本ダッシュボード」という。）に登録し、オンラインリポートの閲覧及び本テクノロジーの各種設定を管理することができる。パートナーが本ダッシュボードにアクセスができる状態にある限り、Outbrainはパートナー（又はパートナーに代わる個人）の本ダッシュボードのアクセスに関連する個人識別情報を収集することができる。パートナーは、パートナー自ら又はパートナーのために個人が本ダッシュボードを通して行った情報の変更に対し、単独で責任を負う。本ダッシュボードに表示されるパートナーに支払われた又は支払われる収益予想は、パートナーの利便性のためにのみ提供される。Outbrainは、これらの収益予想額（表示があった場合）が正確なものであり、本契約に基づいてパートナーに対し支払われる確定額となるかについては何らの保証も行わない。OutbrainダッシュボードへのアクセスはOutbrainの単独の裁量の下に置かれ、Outbrainはこれをいつでも中止することができる。
8.     テクノロジーの停止及び終了
8.1.    緊急事態が発生した場合（重大なセキュリティの侵害、ユーザーへのマルウェアその他のウィルスの拡散、不適切・不法・不正な使用など）、Outbrainは、随時、本テクノロジーの全部又は一部を停止若しくは打ち切ることができる（本テクノロジーの使用を不可にするなどの措置を含む）。
8.2.    いずれの当事者も、相手方当事者が本契約の定めについて重大な違反を犯し、違反当事者が書面による違反通知を受領してから14日経過しても当該違反が治癒されない場合、本契約を解除することができる。
8.3.    本契約は、パートナー登録フォームに別段の定めがない限り、14日前の書面による通知をもって終了することができる。これに加え、Outbrainは、Outbrainがパートナーに対し本テクノロジーを提供してから30日以内に本テクノロジーが実装されない場合には、本契約を解除することができる。本契約が終了した場合、本契約上の権利及び義務の一切は消滅するものとする。ただし、本利用規約第9.6条、9.7条、第10条、第11条、第14条その他当該条項の性質に鑑み、本契約の終了後も存続すべきものについては、本契約終了後も当事者を拘束し続けるものとする。
9.     限定的保証及び補償
9.1.       各当事者は相手方当事者に対して以下の事項を表明し保証する。
(a)    本契約を締結し、かつ、本契約に基づく義務を履行する権利、能力及び権限の一切を保有していること。
(b)     本契約の履行に際して、適用される法律、規則及び命令の一切を遵守すること。
9.2.       Outbrainは、（Outbrainにより提供及び提示され、本契約に基づいてパートナーにより実装された）本テクノロジーが、Outbrainの知る限りにおいて第三者の知的財産権を現に侵害しておらず、今後侵害することもないことを保証する。
9.3.       パートナーは、本パートナーサイトが、(i) 本パートナーサイトを運営する権利を有すること、(ii) Outbrainパートナーガイドライン及び／又はOutbrainのものと実質的に同等のパートナー自身のガイドラインに従うこと、(iii) 違法な本コンテンツ、第三者の持つ知的財産権を侵害する本コンテンツを含んでおらず、将来においてもこれらを含まないこと、(iv) 猥褻な内容、名誉を毀損する内容、誹謗的な内容、中傷的な内容、いかなる者のパブリシティ権、プライバシー権若しくは人格権を侵害する内容を将来において含まないこと、(v) 虚偽の事実の表示又は事実上の不正確性を知りながらこれを含んでおらず、将来においてもこれらを含まないことを表明し保証する。
9.4.       本契約に規定されたいかなる事項も、Outbrainが最低限のトラフィック量、クリック数、インプレッション数又は使用数などをパートナーに約束するものと解釈されてはならない。
9.5.       本契約で明確に表明された場合を除き、いずれの当事者も、本契約、本パートナーサイト、本テクノロジー、本テクノロジーを通じて使用可能な本コンテンツ及びその他の事項（目的の如何を問わず品質又は適合性が満足できるものであること、サービスを中断又はエラーもなく常時使用できること、サービス又は取引に際して生じる保証を含む）に関して、明示的若しくは黙示的かを問わず、一切、表明又は保証を行わない。
9.6.       Outbrainは、本テクノロジーに組み込まれている本コンテンツ、又は本テクノロジーを通してアクセスする本コンテンツ（広告型レコメンデーションを含み、これに限定されない）に関して一切の表明又は保証を行わない。Outbrainは、本テクノロジーを介して配信される本コンテンツの内容、正確性、本コンテンツによる知的財産権の侵害、合法性又は品位及びパートナーによるこれらの信頼について、一切責任を負わないものとする。
9.7.       各当事者（以下「補償当事者」という。）は、相手方当事者、相手方当事者の親会社及び関連会社、並びに当該会社の取締役、役員、株主、社員、代表者、従業員及び代理人（以下あわせて「被補償当事者」という。）を、本契約において定められた補償当事者の本契約上の表明保証の違反が原因で第三者により提起された訴えに関するすべての請求、損失、責任、損害、費用、和解金、規制当局による調査結果、罰金、過料及びその他の支出（合理的な弁護士費用を含む）（以下あわせて「本クレーム」という。）から補償し、防御し、何ら損失を被らせないものとする。被補償当事者は、本クレームを補償当事者に速やかに通知しなければならない。ただし、かかる通知の遅滞は、その遅滞により補償当事者が実際に損害を被った場合を除き、補償当事者の義務を一切軽減しない。被補償当事者は、補償当事者の指揮の下、自らが選任し、費用を負担する弁護士と共に、本クレームの防御及び和解に参加する権利を有する。
10.  秘密保持
10.1.     各当事者（以下「受領者」という。）は、相手方当事者（以下「開示者」）の営業、技術、製品及びサービスに関して、開示された状況を斟酌すると、当然、秘密情報とみなされる特定の情報及び資料（本契約の条項を含む）（以下「秘密情報」という。）にアクセスすることを確認する。秘密情報には以下のものは含まれない。
(a)     受領者が、開示者による開示前に既に知得していた情報
(b)     開示者の秘密情報を参照することなく、受領者が独立して開発した情報
(c)     受領者の責めに帰せずして、公知若しくは公知となった情報
(d)     秘密保持義務に一切違反することなく、第三者から受領者に開示された情報
10.2.     本契約で許可されている場合を除き、受領者は、(i) 秘密情報を自己又は第三者の利益のために一切使用せず、(ii) 本第10条に従い秘密情報を使用しないこと、及び秘密情報を知る必要があり、秘密情報の秘密性を保持することに合意した、受領者の取締役、従業員、請負業者、顧問、投資家又は潜在的な投資家以外には、秘密情報を一切開示しない。受領者は、開示者の書面による要請があった場合、速やかに、秘密情報を返還又は廃棄する。前述の定めにかかわらず、受領者は、適用法令又は法的手続きにより必要となった範囲で、秘密情報を開示することができる。ただし、受領者は、かかる開示請求があったことを速やかに書面により開示者に通知し、開示者が当該開示に異議を申し立て、又は開示範囲を限定する旨を求めた場合は、開示者に対し、開示者の費用をもって妥当な協力をする。
11.  責任制限
11.1.     以下の各号記載の場合には、当事者は、相手方当事者に対する賠償責任を除外又は制限されない。
(i)      当事者、又は自己の従業員若しくは請負業者の過失により引き起こされた死亡又は人身傷害
(ii)     詐欺又は詐欺的不実表示
(iii)    法律上、除外又は制限することを禁じられているその他の責任
11.2.     第11.1条の定めに該当する場合を除き、いずれの当事者も、本契約に関連し、又は、本契約違反により生じる(a) 特別損害、間接損害、付随損害、結果損害、(b) グッドウィル又は評判の損失、(c) 本データの損失、(d) 契約、取引、予想された節約の損失、(e) 利益の損失については、当該損失又は損害発生の可能性について当該当事者が知らされていたかどうかを問わず、また、当該損失又は損害がどのように発生したかを問わず、当該損害が契約法理論、不法行為（過失を含む）、法律上の義務又はその他の理論に基づくものであるかを問わず、一切の法的責任を負わない。
11.3.     第11.1条の定めに該当する場合及び当事者の一方が相手方の知的財産権の侵害又は不正流用を行ったことに起因する責任に関する場合を除き、いかなる場合も、本契約又は本契約の違反（契約法理論、不法行為（過失を含む）、法律上の義務又はその他の理論に基づくものであるかを問わない）に起因又は関連する当事者の責任総額は、(i) 1000万円、及び、 (ii) 責任の発生原因たる事象（一連の関連する事象である場合は、当該事象の最初の事象）の発生の直近12か月間にパートナーに支払われ又は支払われるべき本収益の金額の125％のいずれか大きい方を超えない。
11.4.     当事者は、本契約に規定された各当事者の責任に関する制限が、いかなる状況においても合理的であると受け入れることを相互に確認する。
12.  輸出管理
パートナーは、商務省、米国財務省外国資産管理局（以下「OFAC」という。）その他の米国又はその他の国の機関又は当局の輸出にかかる全ての関連法令、規則、制約を遵守しなければならず、かかる法令、規則、制約に違反して本テクノロジーを輸出し、又は、輸出若しくは再輸出を許可してはならない。本テクノロジーをダウンロード又は使用した場合、パートナーは、上記に同意し、また、制限国に所在しておらず、その支配下になく、又は制限国の国民若しくは居住者ではないことを表明し保証したものとする。パートナーは、パートナー、パートナーの持分又は支配権を有する個人、団体、組織（役員、取締役を含む）のいずれもが、米国の法律、規制又は行政命令が、米国企業及び個人に対して取引を禁止している個人、団体、組織（特定国籍業者リストに掲載されている者を含む）に該当しないことを表明し保証する。
13.  反社会勢力の排除
13.1.     各当事者は、以下に列挙する人物・事項に現在該当しないことを表明する。
暴力団、暴力団員、暴力団員でなくなってから５年が経過していない者、暴力団関連企業、総会屋、社会運動標榜ゴロ、特殊知能暴力集団及びこれらに相当するもの。
13.2.     当事者が虚偽の表明をした場合、相手方当事者は、他の権利及び救済手段に影響を与えることなく、本契約を終了することができる。
14.  一般条項
14.1.     本契約は、法の抵触に関する通則法の規定又は国際物品売買契約に関する国際連合条約の規定にかかわらず、日本法に準拠し、日本法に従って解釈される。
14.2.     各当事者は、本契約に関連して生じる一切の紛争については、東京簡易裁判所及び東京地方裁判所を専属的合意管轄裁判所とする。
14.3.     当事者は、本契約の各条項に対する違反がなされた場合、回復不可能な損害が生じる可能性があることに同意する。いずれの当事者も、法律上認められた救済措置に加え、本契約に対する違反行為の防止及び本契約の実効性を確保するために、必要な保全措置を講じることができる。
14.4.     当事者は、独立した契約者であり、本契約のいかなる事項も、パートナーシップ、ジョイントベンチャー、代理人その他の関係を当事者間に形成するものと解釈しない。
14.5.     一方の当事者が本契約に基づく自らの権利の一部を行使しない場合又は本契約に基づく他の一方の当事者の義務の履行を求めない場合にも、これらの権利ないし義務が放棄されたとはみなされず、またいずれかの当事者が本契約に対するある不履行ないし違反を免責されたとしても、その事実によってそれ以外の又はそれ以降の不履行ないし違反が免責されるわけではない。
14.6.     いずれの当事者も、その妥当な制御能力を超えた事由により本契約に基づく当該当事者の義務のいずれかを履行できない場合、かかる不履行に対する責任を一切負わない。
14.7.     本契約は、本契約の主題に関して、当事者間の完全かつ唯一の合意を構成するものであり、書面によるか口頭によるかを問わず、かかる主題に関する本契約締結前又は締結時におけるすべての合意又は了解に優先する。
14.8.     本契約の当事者は、本契約の条項が、1999年契約法（第三者の権利）又はその他の方法により、本契約の当事者でない者により執行できることを意図していない。
14.9.     パートナー登録フォームは、両当事者が署名した書面によってのみ、変更、修正又は差し替えをすることができる。
14.10.  本契約の条項に関する見出しは全て、参照の目的においてのみ挿入され、いかなる法的影響力も持たないものとする。
14.11.  本契約において参照される日数は、別途指定される場合を除き営業日とする。
14.12.  本契約は、複数の副本で締結することができ、それぞれの副本は原本とみなされるが、当該副本全ては、１個のかつ同一の文書を構成する。
14.13.  本契約の規定が、何らかの理由により、法的強制力がないものと判断された場合、かかる規定は、法的強制を可能とするために必要な範囲に限り修正され、それができない場合は、本契約から分離され、本契約の残りの規定引き続き完全で有効であるものとする。
14.14.  いずれの当事者も、相手方当事者の書面による事前同意を得ずに、本契約又は本契約に基づく権利又は義務を譲渡することはできない。ただし、(i) 法に基づく手続き、合併、再編成若しくは支配権の取得又は変更があった場合、(ii) OutbrainからOutbrainの子会社への譲渡の場合はこの限りでない。本契約は、両当事者及びその認められた承継人及び譲受人に対して拘束力を有し、またこれらの利益のために効力を生じる。
Effective July 31st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Termos de Uso Padrão para Divulgadores
Vigência em 1 de agosto de 2023
The Engage Terms vary according to the country where your billing address is located. Please use your billing country below to view the applicable Engage Terms.
My billing address is located in:
United States of America
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Ter
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Channel Islands
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos Island
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Ter
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Great Britain
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Hawaii
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea South
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malaysia
Malawi
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Midway Islands
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Nambia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherland Antilles
Netherlands (Holland, Europe)
Nevis
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau Island
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Montenegro
Republic of Serbia
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
St Barthelemy
St Eustatius
St Helena
St Kitts-Nevis
St Lucia
St Maarten
St Pierre & Miquelon
St Vincent & Grenadines
Saipan
Samoa
Samoa American
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks & Caicos Is
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (Brit)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wake Island
Wallis & Futana Is
Yemen
Zaire
Zambia
Os Termos (definidos abaixo) variam de acordo com o país onde está localizado o endereço de cobrança. Por favor, use o endereço de cobrança do país abaixo para verificar quais os Termos aplicáveis.
Os seguintes Termos de Distribuição do Parceiro (“Termos”) regem a implementação e uso dos produtos, serviços, e tecnologia fornecidos pela Outbrain ao Parceiro, conforme identificado no Formulário de Inscrição de Parceiros.
1. DEFINIÇÕES.
1.1 “Ads.txt” significam um arquivo de texto de vendedores digitais autorizados. Todas as referências a Ads.txt incluem App-ads.txt.
1.2 “Recomendações de Anunciantes” significam Recomendações na rede da Outbrain (que não são Recomendações de Recirculação) enviadas pelos anunciantes da Outbrain.
1.3 “Aplicativo” significa programa de software autônomo desenvolvido para ser executado em um dispositivo móvel, incluindo um celular ou tablet.
1.4 “Conteúdo” significa conteúdo gráfico, textual e/ou auditivo (que poderá incluir texto, dados, informações, fotos, imagens, gráficos, conteúdo de áudio, vídeo ou outro conteúdo).
1.5 “Cartões” significam os formatos disponíveis através da Tecnologia onde aparecem as Recomendações.
1.6 “Dados” significam todos os dados coletados ou gerados pela Outbrain através da Tecnologia, incluindo relatórios ou outros dados disponibilizados ao Parceiro com relação a este Contrato.
1.7 “Página de Destino” significa qualquer página da internet ou outra localização online (que pode estar localizado em um Site(s) de Parceiro ou em outro site ou aplicativo) que possa ser acessada ao clicar nas Recomendações.
1.8 “Usuário Final” significa o visualizador humano individual de uma página da internet, Aplicativo ou plataforma do Site de Parceiro na qual a Tecnologia é implementada.
1.9 “Direitos de Propriedade Intelectual” incluem qualquer invenção, descoberta, conceito, expressão ou trabalho, patenteado ou não, registado ou não, incluindo, sem limitação, descobertas, composições, know-how, procedimentos, informações técnicas, processos, métodos, fórmulas, algoritmos, protocolos, técnicas, projetos e desenhos, imagens comerciais, qualquer incorporação física dos mesmos, e quaisquer patentes, direitos de autor, marcas comerciais, desenhos industriais e modelos de utilidade (e aplicações ou extensões dos mesmos), domínios e segredos comerciais ou direitos semelhantes aos direitos acima mencionados reconhecidos em qualquer jurisdição, agora ou no futuro.
1.10 “Sites do Parceiro” significam propriedades da web, Aplicativos ou plataformas identificadas no Formulário de Inscrição de Parceiros, juntamente com qualquer ou quaisquer propriedades adicionais nas quais o Parceiro escolha implementar a Tecnologia com autorização prévia e por escrito da Outbrain (sendo a autorização por e-mail suficiente).
1.11 "Recomendações de Recirculação” significa a apresentação de Recomendações (que não são Recomendações de Anunciantes), que conectam ao Conteúdo no Sites do Parceiro.
1.12 “Recomendações" significa a exibição de Recomendações de Anunciantes e/ou Recomendações de Recirculação através de Cartões que a Outbrain entrega ao visualizador de uma página da web, Aplicação ou plataforma na qual a Tecnologia está implementada.
1.13 “Receita” significa a receita líquida coletada pela Outbrain de Recomendações de Anunciantes e cobradas pela Outbrain para a exibição de tais Recomendações de Anunciantes na rede da Outbrain.
1.14 “Tecnologia” significa o Javascript, API, SDK e protocolos da Outbrain que, quando implementados nos sites e Aplicativos, apresentam a interface do usuário gerida pela tecnologia de otimização de propriedade da Outbrain para servir, selecionar e encomendar Cartões.
1.15 “Atualizações” significam atualizações, modificações e melhorias na Tecnologia, as quais serão feitas de tempos em tempos, ao critério exclusivo da Outbrain, incluindo-se, mas não estando limitado a adicionar linhas de Ads.txt ou quaisquer outras similares da indústria padrão.
1.16 “Links Gerados por OB” significa uma visualização de página de um Utilizador Final em um Site de Parceiro gerada a partir de uma ligação de referência de OBNews.Outbrain.com (ou ligação sucessora ou ligação(ões) adicional(is) que possa(m) ser fornecida(s) pela Outbrain ocasionalmente).
2. TECNOLOGIA; POSICIONAMENTO E APARÊNCIA.
2.1 O Parceiro deve implementar a Tecnologia (incluindo o Ads.txt fornecido pela Outbrain) em conformidade com as instruções técnicas da Outbrain e todos os guias de implementação disponibilizados pela Outbrain, os quais serão revisados periodicamente. A Outbrain, a seu exclusivo critério, pode determinar qual Tecnologia disponível na Outbrain (por exemplo, JS, API, SDK, ou qualquer outra equivalente) deve ser utilizada em cada implementação do Parceiro. Implementações da Tecnologia deverão aparecer diretamente abaixo do Conteúdo principal de cada página dos Sites do Parceiro nos quais a Tecnologia é instalada ou de outra forma mutuamente acordada por escrito (sendo a autorização por e-mail suficiente). A implementação deve incluir pelo menos um (1) link para as Recomendações de Anunciantes por página, exceto se acordado de outra forma por escrito.
2.2 O Parceiro deverá exibir a Tecnologia, durante o Prazo, em conformidade com todas as leis e regulamentos aplicáveis, inclusive no que diz respeito à divulgação da origem ou natureza das Recomendações. Sem prejuízo da obrigação anterior, o Parceiro concorda em cumprir as instruções razoáveis da Outbrain, relativas a como a Tecnologia deve ser exibida, marcada ou identificada.
2.3 A Outbrain pode fazer Atualizações, de tempos em tempos. Caso a Outbrain solicite ao Parceiro que implemente tais Atualizações, o Parceiro deverá fazer tais Atualizações em trinta (30) dias corridos contados do recebimento de referida notificação da Outbrain. Se o Parceiro demonstrar que a solicitação de tais Atualizações irá afetar substancialmente o despenho do Site(s) do Parceiro(s), a Outbrain poderá informar as suas preocupações para o Parceiro e assim solicitar ou não que o Parceiro implemente tais Atualizações.
2.4 Durante o Prazo, a Outbrain deverá ser o único e exclusivo provedor de recomendações de conteúdo diretas e indiretas do Parceiro, sendo que “recomendações de conteúdo" são um ou mais links pagos ou não pagos compostos por uma manchete ou frase indicando que um Usuário Final será conduzido ao Conteúdo (independentemente de a Página de Destino exibir conteúdo, editoriais ou propagandas).
2.5 A Outbrain pode conduzir Usuários Finais a Sites de Parceiros, gerando visualizações adicionais de páginas de Sites de Parceiros através de Links Gerados por OB ou Recomendações de Recirculação. Se um Utilizador Final clicar em uma Recomendação de Anunciante a partir de um Link Gerado por OB, o Parceiro não será compensado por quaisquer receitas de publicidade geradas por essas visualizações de página. Qualquer exibição de Recomendações de Recirculação exigirá a aprovação prévia por escrito da Outbrain (por e-mail é suficiente), que pode estar condicionada a uma implementação mínima de Recomendações de Anunciante ou a outras taxas.
2.6 A Outbrain pode realizar testes de alteração da Tecnologia, incluindo a ordem, o formato e a frequência dos Cartões. Na medida em que o Parceiro controle qualquer teste, o Parceiro deverá cumprir essas solicitações de teste pelo menos trimestralmente.
3. RECEITA E PAGAMENTO.
3.1 Durante o Prazo, o Parceiro será pago com uma percentagem da Receita Bruta Ajustada indicada no Acordo de Distribuição para Parceiros. A Outbrain deverá fazer esses pagamentos dentro do número de dias indicado no Acordo de Distribuição para Parceiros após o final de qualquer mês do calendário durante o qual o Outbrain cobre Receita. Para evitar dúvidas, a Receita é líquida, entre outras, de taxas de anunciantes, de dados de terceiros integrados na plataforma da Outbrain, cliques/impressões inválidos e descontos/reembolsos de anunciantes e agências.
3.2 O Parceiro deve fornecer, prontamente, à Outbrain formulários fiscais completos e precisos e todos os outros materiais similares que Outbrain exija, os quais podem incluir o formulário de imposto W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E ou W-9, caso aplicável (coletivamente, todos esses formulários e materiais, “Materiais Fiscais”). Não obstante qualquer disposição estabelecida em contrário neste Contrato, a Outbrain pode: (a) reter os pagamentos devidos ao Parceiro nestes Termos, sem multa ou taxa de atraso até que o Outbrain tenha recebido os Materiais Fiscais do Parceiro, e (b) deduzir quaisquer impostos a serem pagos pela Outbrain dos pagamentos devidos aos Parceiros, conforme exigido por lei. Uma vez que a Outbrain receba os Materiais Fiscais, a Outbrain usará esforços comercialmente razoáveis para pagar os montantes em aberto ao Parceiro, em conformidade com a subseção acima (a), assim que razoavelmente possível.
3.3 Para assegurar pagamento adequado, o Parceiro é responsável por notificar a Outbrain por escrito de informações precisas sobre contato e pagamento. O Parceiro também é responsável por quaisquer encargos avaliados pelo banco do Parceiro ou pelo provedor de pagamento. Se o montante devido ao Parceiro for inferior a R$ 150,00 Reais), tal valor será acumulado até o mês calendário em que o saldo dos pagamentos devidos ao Parceiro exceda R$ 150,00 Reais). Qualquer controvérsia em relação a um pagamento da Outbrain deve ser submetida à Outbrain por escrito dentro de trinta (30) dias consecutivos após a data de postagem ou transferência eletrônica desse pagamento ou a mesma será considerada renunciada. Se a Outbrain não receber uma fatura do Parceiro no prazo de seis (6) meses a contar da data da Declaração emitida ao Parceiro, considera-se que essas taxas foram renunciadas.
3.4 Além dos outros direitos e remédios jurídicos que a Outbrain possuir, a Outbrain pode (i) reter e compensar quaisquer pagamentos devidos ao Parceiro no Contrato (incluindo-se inadimplemento substancial) contra qualquer taxa que o Parceiro deva à Outbrain sob o Contrato ou qualquer outro contrato, e/ou (ii) exigir que o Parceiro reembolse a Outbrain dentro de trinta (30) dias consecutivos de qualquer fatura, qualquer montante que a Outbrain possa ter pago em excesso ao Parceiro em períodos anteriores. Se um anunciante ou cliente da Outbrain, cujas Recomendações de Anunciantes tiverem sido exibidas em qualquer Site do Parceiro, não efetuar à Outbrain o pagamento, por qualquer motivo, a Outbrain ficará autorizada a reter o pagamento ou cobrar a conta do Parceiro.
4. PRIVACIDADE.
As disposições do Acordo de Processamento de Dados devem ser totalmente incorporadas e fazer parte deste Contrato.
5. TERMOS DA LICENÇA.
5.1 Durante o Prazo e sujeito ao cumprimento de todos os termos do Contrato pelo Parceiro, a Outbrain concede ao Parceiro uma licença limitada, não exclusiva, revogável, não sublicenciável e intransferível para uso da Tecnologia para exibir Recomendações de Anunciantes, e na extensão permitida pela Secção 2.5 Recomendações de Recirculação, nos Sites do Parceiro na forma e formato fornecidos.
5.2 A Outbrain concede ao Parceiro, durante o Prazo, uma licença mundial limitada, não exclusiva e sem royalties, para usar e exibir as marcas registradas, marcas de serviço e logotipos da Outbrain (coletivamente, “Marcas Outbrain”), para serem incorporadas na Tecnologia, e em conformidade com a as obrigações e direitos do Parceiro no Contrato. Todo o resultado decorrente do uso, pelo Parceiro, de qualquer uma das Marcas da Outbrain deve ser feita apenas em benefício da Outbrain. A Outbrain terá o direito de se referir ao Parceiro e aos Sites do Parceiro em qualquer lista geral de anunciantes ou Parceiros (incluindo materiais de marketing e vendas) que tenham implementado a Tecnologia. Não obstante o acima exposto, cada parte solicitará consentimento prévio, por escrito, antes de emitir qualquer comunicado à imprensa sobre o Contrato ou usar o nome da outra parte em seu site, que não esteja de acordo com o Contrato.
5.3 É acordado entre as partes que: (a) a Outbrain possui todos os direitos, títulos e interesses nas Marcas, Tecnologia e Dados da Outbrain (excluindo qualquer Conteúdo dos Sites do Parceiro que será de propriedade do Parceiro), o site da Outbrain em
www.outbrain.com
e o Painel de Controle; e (b) o Parceiro possui todos os direitos, títulos e interesses no(s) Site(s) do Parceiro, incluindo a aparência, excluindo os itens descritos na alínea (a) acima.
5.4 As licenças concedidas nos termos deste Contrato são especificamente previstas neste instrumento; não existem direitos implícitos. Todos os direitos não concedidos expressamente ao Parceiro neste Contrato são reservados pela Outbrain.
6. ATIVIDADES PROIBIDAS.
6.1 O Parceiro não: (i) editará, modificará, truncará, filtrará ou alterará a ordem das Recomendações; (ii) obscurecerá, modificará ou redirecionará os Usuários do Site do Parceiro para outra página que não uma Página de Destino nem intercalará nenhum Conteúdo entre a Tecnologia e qualquer Página de Destino; (iii) minimizará, removerá ou de outra forma inibirá a exibição total e completa da Tecnologia; (iv) inflacionará artificialmente os cliques nas Recomendações, ou incentivará ou exigirá que qualquer pessoa clique em Recomendações utilizando incentivos ou outros métodos fraudulentos e/ou se envolver em qualquer método automatizado, enganoso, fraudulento, inválido, incentivado ou outro método desenvolvido para gerar cliques que não sejam ações voluntárias dos Usuários Finais; (v) removerá, deformará, obscurecerá ou alterará nenhuma notificação de Direitos de Propriedade Intelectual inclusos na Tecnologia; (vi) acessará, reproduzirá ou utilizará a Tecnologia de qualquer modo ou para qualquer fim que não conforme ao expressamente permitido neste instrumento; (vii) modificará, adaptará, traduzirá, preparará trabalhos derivativos de, descompilará, aplicará engenharia reversa, desarmará a Tecnologia ou de outra forma tentará derivar o código fonte da Tecnologia, nem tentará criar um serviço ou produto substituto ou semelhante por meio da utilização ou do acesso à Tecnologia ou a informações exclusivas a eles relacionadas ou de outra forma utilizar a Tecnologia em nome ou em benefício de terceiros; (viii) tentará interferir ou interromper a Tecnologia nem tentará obter acesso a nenhum sistema ou rede que se conecte a ele, exceto por meio da Tecnologia implementada de acordo com este Contrato; (ix) copiará, ocultará, distribuirá, exibirá, alterará ou de outra forma utilizará nenhuma Recomendação ou Conteúdo Promovido transmitidos por meio da Tecnologia (nem autorizará ou auxiliará nenhum terceiro a fazê-lo), exceto se tais Recomendações forem fornecidas por meio da Tecnologia; ou (x) usará a Tecnologia para qualquer outro fim que não o autorizado pela Outbrain, incluindo para qualquer fim que não seja consistente com os guias de Implementação fornecidos ao Parceiro.
6.2 O Parceiro não instalará a Tecnologia ou quaisquer propriedades que exibam conteúdo exclusivo para adultos, obsceno, pornográfico, difamatório, calunioso, transgressor, abusivo, ou ilegal, que promova o ódio ou a descriminação, facilite a venda de armas de fogo ou drogas ilegais, ou que participe ou incentive à participação em atividades ilegais ou que seja direcionado a menores de 16 anos. A Outbrain se reserva o direito de desativar a Tecnologia a seu exclusivo critério em qualquer site a qualquer momento.
7. REGISTRO.
O Parceiro pode registrar-se no painel de controle da Outbrain (o “Painel de Controle”) para acesso a relatórios online e controlar certas configurações da Tecnologia. Na medida em que o Parceiro tenha acesso ao Painel de Controle, a Outbrain poderá coletar informações de identificação pessoal do Parceiro (ou de indivíduos que atuem em nome do Parceiro) associadas com tal acesso ao Painel de Controle. O Parceiro terá a responsabilidade exclusiva por todas as alterações de dados feitas por ele, ou por indivíduos atuando em nome do Parceiro, através do Painel de Controle. As estimativas de receita pagas ou pagáveis apresentadas no Painel de Controle são fornecidas apenas para a conveniência do Parceiro. A Outbrain não garante que esses valores estimados exibidos, se existirem, devem ser precisos ou definitivamente devidos ao Parceiro nos termos do Contrato. O acesso ao Painel de Controle do Outbrain fica ainda exclusivamente a critério da Outbrain e pode ser interrompido pela Outbrain a qualquer momento.
8. SUSPENSÃO DA TECNOLOGIA; RESCISÃO.
8.1 A Outbrain poderá suspender ou interromper todo ou qualquer aspecto da Tecnologia, incluindo a sua disponibilidade, a qualquer momento, se for exigido por circunstâncias imperativas (tais como uma violação significativa de segurança, propagação de malware, outros vírus para usuários, etc.) ou quaisquer outras circunstâncias impróprias, ilegais fraudulentas ou enganosas.
8.2 Qualquer uma das partes pode rescindir o Contrato a qualquer momento em caso de violação material pela outra parte de qualquer disposição do Contrato, que permaneça sem remediação por quatorze (14) dias após o recebimento pela parte violadora de aviso, por escrito, notificando o descumprimento.
8.3 O Contrato pode ser rescindido com aviso prévio por escrito com quatorze (14) dias de antecedência, salvo indicação em contrário no Acordo de Distribuição. Além disso, a Outbrain pode rescindir unilateralmente o Contrato se a tecnologia não for implementada em 30 (trinta) dias do fornecimento pela Outbrain da Tecnologia para o Parceiro. Após o vencimento ou encerramento do Contrato, todos os direitos e obrigações das partes nos termos do Contrato serão extintos, exceto as cláusulas 9.6, 9.7, 10, 11, 12 & 13 dos Termos que sobreviverão a rescisão e continuarão a vincular as partes, bem como quaisquer outros termos deste Contrato que, por sua natureza, devem sobreviver à rescisão e continuar a vincular as partes.
9. GARANTIAS E INDENIZAÇÃO.
9.1 Cada parte declara e garante à outra que: (i) possui todos os direitos, poderes e autoridades necessários para celebrar este Contrato e cumprir suas obrigações, nos termos deste instrumento; e (ii) obriga-se a cumprir todas as leis, regulamentos, e quaisquer exigências aplicáveis no cumprimento deste Contrato.
9.2 O Outbrain garante que a Tecnologia (conforme fornecida e disponibilizada pela Outbrain e implementada pelo Parceiro de acordo com o Contrato) não infringe e não irá infringir, de acordo com o melhor conhecimento de Outbrain, qualquer Direito de Propriedade Intelectual de qualquer terceiro.
9.3 O Parceiro declara e garante que o(s) Site(s) do Parceiro: (i) é proprietário ou tem o direito de operar o(s) Site(s) do Parceiro; (ii) respeitará as Diretrizes de Parceiros da Outbrain e/ou as diretrizes do Parceiro, que deverão ser substancialmente semelhantes às da Outbrain; (iii) não conterá(rão) nenhum conteúdo que seja ilegal ou que infrinja qualquer Direito de Propriedade Intelectual de qualquer terceiro; (iv) não conterá qualquer material obsceno, difamatório, calunioso, injurioso ou que viole o direito de qualquer pessoa à publicidade, privacidade ou individualidade; e (v) não contêm e não conterá conscientemente uma falsa declaração de fato ou imprecisão factual.
9.4 Nada no Contrato deve ser interpretado como uma promessa de qualquer tipo de volume de tráfego mínimo, cliques, impressões ou uso ou quaisquer outros compromissos desse tipo da Outbrain ao Parceiro.
9.5 Exceto quando estabelecido expressamente neste instrumento, nenhuma das partes faz nenhuma declaração ou garantia expressa ou implícita com relação a este contrato, ao(s) Site(s) do Parceiro, a Tecnologia, qualquer conteúdo disponibilizado pela Outbrain através da Tecnologia ou quaisquer outros assuntos (incluindo qualquer termo implícito relacionado à satisfação de qualidade ou adequação a determinada finalidade, quaisquer garantias de disponibilidade ou desempenho ininterrupto ou livre de erros, quaisquer garantias que surjam no decurso de qualquer desempenho, negociação ou utilização comercial).
9.6 A Outbrain não faz nenhuma declaração ou fornece garantias no que diz respeito a qualquer Conteúdo que consta ou é acessado por meio da Tecnologia, incluindo, entre outros, Recomendações do Parceiro, e a Outbrain não será ainda responsável ou responsabilizada pelos conteúdos, precisão, respeito a direitos de propriedade intelectual, legalidade ou decoro do Conteúdo acessados por meio da Tecnologia ou pela confiança do Parceiro em um dos itens ora mencionados.
9.7 Cada parte (a “Parte Indenizadora”) deverá indenizar, defender e isentar a outra parte, suas controladoras, afiliadas e cada uma de suas respectivas afiliadas, conselheiros, diretores, acionistas, membros, representantes autorizados, empregados e prepostos (conjuntamente, a “Parte Indenizadora”) de e contra todas e quaisquer reivindicações, perdas, responsabilidades, danos, custos, acordos e outras despesas (incluindo honorários advocatícios razoáveis) (conjuntamente, “Reivindicações”) que surjam de qualquer reivindicação por terceiros ocasionada por qualquer violação de qualquer das declarações, garantias ou obrigações da Parte Indenizadora estabelecidas neste Contrato. A Parte Indenizada deverá notificar por escrito imediatamente a Parte Indenizadora sobre qualquer Reivindicação, estabelecido, contudo, que qualquer atraso na entrega dessa notificação não isentará a Parte Indenizadora de nenhuma de suas obrigações, salvo na medida em que a Parte Indenizadora for de fato prejudicada por esse atraso. A Parte Indenizada terá direito de participar da defesa e acordo da Reivindicação com o advogado de sua própria escolha e às suas próprias despesas, sujeita ao controle da Parte Indenizadora a esse respeito.
10. CONFIDENCIALIDADE.
Cada parte (a “Parte Receptora”) reconhece que terá acesso a certas informações e materiais, incluindo os termos do Contrato, relativos ao negócio, tecnologia, produtos e serviços da outra parte (a “Parte Divulgadora”) que são, ou razoavelmente devam ser consideradas, tendo em conta as circunstâncias da divulgação, confidenciais (“Informações Confidenciais”). As Informações Confidenciais não incluirão: (a) informações conhecidas da Parte Receptora antes da divulgação pela Parte Divulgadora; (b) informações obtidas de forma independente pela Parte Receptora sem referência a Informações Confidenciais da Parte Divulgadora; (c) informações que são ou tornam-se publicamente conhecidas sem culpa da Parte Receptora; ou (d) informações divulgadas à Parte Receptora por um terceiro sem violação de qualquer obrigação de confiança. Exceto conforme permitido a seguir, a Parte Receptora (i) não usará Informações Confidenciais para seu próprio benefício ou benefício de terceiros, e (ii) não divulgará nenhuma Informação Confidencial a terceiros que não sejam seus diretores, funcionários, contratados, conselheiros, investidores ou potenciais investidores que precisam saber de tal Informação Confidencial e que concordaram em não usar e manter a confidencialidade das Informações Confidenciais consistentes com esta Cláusula 10. A Parte Receptora retornará ou destruirá as Informações Confidenciais prontamente sobre pedido escrito da Parte Divulgadora. Não obstante o acima exposto, a Parte Receptora pode divulgar Informações Confidenciais na medida exigida por lei aplicável ou por decisão judicial, desde que a Parte Receptora forneça aviso prévio de qualquer divulgação necessária à Parte Divulgadora forneça uma cooperação razoável (às custas da Parte Divulgadora) com qualquer esforço da Parte Divulgadora para contestar ou limitar o alcance dessa divulgação.
11. LIMITAÇÃO DE RESPONSABILIDADE.
11.1 Nem Outbrain nem o Parceiro excluem ou limitam a responsabilidade do outro por: (i) morte ou ferimento pessoal causado por sua negligência ou a de seus empregados ou contratados; (ii) fraude ou representação fraudulenta; ou (iii) qualquer outra responsabilidade que não possa ser legalmente excluída ou limitada.
11.2 Sujeito sempre à Seção 11.1, nenhuma das partes será responsável por: (a) qualquer perda ou dano especial, indireto, incidental ou consequente; (b) qualquer perda de boa vontade ou reputação; (c) qualquer perda de Dados; (d) qualquer perda de contratos, negócios ou poupanças antecipadas; ou (e) qualquer perda de lucros resultante de ou em ligação com o Acordo ou qualquer violação do mesmo, quer essa parte tenha ou não sido avisada da possibilidade de tal perda ou dano, independentemente da forma como tenha ocorrido e quer ao abrigo de uma teoria de contrato, delito (incluindo negligência) dever estatutário ou outra.
11.3 Sujeito sempre à Seção 11.1 e exceto para responsabilidades resultantes da violação, apropriação indevida ou infração dos Direitos de Propriedade Intelectual de uma parte, em nenhuma circunstância a responsabilidade agregada de qualquer uma das partes resultante de ou relacionada com o Acordo ou qualquer violação (seja ao abrigo de uma teoria de contrato, delito (incluindo negligência), dever estatutário ou de outra forma) excederá mais do que (i) R$200.000,00; e (ii) 125% do montante das Receitas pagas ou a pagar ao Parceiro no período de doze (12) meses imediatamente anterior ao evento que deu origem à responsabilidade (ou, no caso de uma série de eventos relacionados, o primeiro desses eventos).
11.4 Cada parte reconhece que aceita que as restrições à responsabilidade da outra parte, tal como estabelecidas no Acordo, são razoáveis em todas as circunstâncias.
12. CONTROLES DE EXPORTAÇÃO.
O Parceiro fica obrigado a cumprir todas as leis de exportação e restrições e regulamentos do Departamento de Comércio, do Departamento de Tesouraria dos Estados Unidos do Escritório de Controle de Ativos Estrangeiros (Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control – OFAC) ou de outra agência ou autoridade dos Estados Unidos ou estrangeiros, e não deverá exportar, ou permitir a exportação ou reexportação da Tecnologia em violação a tais restrições, leis ou regulamentos. Ao fazer o download ou utilizar a Tecnologia, o Parceiro concorda com o que precede e declara sob as penas da lei que não está localizado, ou sob o controle de nacional ou residente de qualquer país restrito. O Parceiro declara sob as penas da lei que nenhum deles, ou qualquer entidade ou organização que detenha qualquer participação no Parceiro, incluindo qualquer funcionário ou diretor, é um indivíduo, entidade, organização com quem qualquer lei, regulamento ou ordem executiva proíba as empresas e os indivíduos dos Estados Unidos de negociar, inclusive os nomes que aparecem na Lista de Nacionais Especialmente Designados (Specially Designated Nationals List).
13. DISPOSIÇÕES GERAIS.
Este Contrato será interpretado e regido pelas leis da República Federativa do Brasil, sem considerar as disposições de conflito de leis ou as Convenções das Nações Unidas para a Venda Internacional de Mercadorias. As partes elegem o Foro Central da Comarca da Capital do Estado de São Paulo para a resolução de quaisquer controvérsias decorrentes deste Contrato, excluindo quaisquer outros. As partes concordam que dano irreparável poderia ocorrer em caso de descumprimento ou violação de qualquer das disposições do Contrato. Por conseguinte, as partes concordam que cada um terá direito a uma medida cautelar para evitar violações do Contrato e para fazer cumprir especificamente os termos e disposições do Contrato, além de qualquer outro remédio para o qual tenham direito. As partes são contratadas independentes, e nenhuma disposição neste Contrato será interpretada de forma a criar uma parceria, joint venture, agenciamento ou outra relação entre as partes. A omissão de uma das Partes em fazer valer, a qualquer tempo, quaisquer disposições deste instrumento, ou de pleitear quaisquer direitos ou exercer qualquer opção prevista, não deverá ser considerada como uma renúncia a tais disposições, direitos ou opções, nem afetará de nenhuma maneira a validade deste Contrato ou de qualquer disposição do mesmo. Nenhuma das partes será responsável por qualquer falha em realizar devido a causas além do controle razoável da mesma parte. Este Contrato constitui o acordo integral entre as partes com relação a seu objeto e cancela e substitui todos os acordos ou entendimentos anteriores ou contemporâneos, escritos ou verbais com relação a esse objeto. O Contrato de Distribuição para Parceiro pode ser alterado, modificado ou substituído, apenas por um instrumento escrito assinado por ambas as partes. Os títulos neste instrumento e no Contrato são apenas para fins de conveniência de referência e não têm nenhum efeito legal. Qualquer referência a dias no Acordo será considerada como dias úteis, salvo indicação em contrário. Este Contrato poderá ser celebrado em vias, cada uma das quais será considerada um original, porém todas juntas constituirão um único e mesmo instrumento. Todas as disposições do Contrato que, por sua natureza, deveriam sobreviver à rescisão, sobreviverão à rescisão, incluindo, sem limitação, provisões de propriedade, indenizações de garantia e limitações de responsabilidade. Caso qualquer disposição deste Contrato seja considerada inexequível por qualquer motivo, essa disposição será reformada apenas na medida em que necessário para torná-la exequível, caso contrário, ela será separada do Contrato e o saldo do Contrato continuará em vigor e a produzir efeitos. Nenhuma das partes pode ceder o Contrato ou qualquer dos seus direitos ou obrigações de acordo sem o consentimento prévio e por escrito da outra parte, exceto (i) devido à operação de lei, fusão, reorganização ou como resultado de uma aquisição ou mudança de controle, ou (ii) pela Outbrain às suas subsidiárias. Sujeito ao acima exposto, o Contrato será vinculativo e operante para o benefício das partes e seus sucessores e cessionários que sejam permitidos.
Effective December 3rd 2023
Download
Table of Contents
aktualisiert: November 2021
https://www.outbrain.com/de/
wird angeboten von
Outbrain UK Limited
121 Kingsway, First Floor
London WC2B6PA
United Kingdom
Register-Nummer:
7479183 (London)
Ust-IdNr. (VAT): GB115005961
Vertretungsberechtigter (Geschäftsführer)
/ Authorized Representative (Managing Director):
Liesbeth Mack-de Boer
Anschrift des Vertretungsberechtigten:
Outbrain UK Limited
121 Kingsway, First Floor
London WC2B6PA
United Kingdom
Kontakt:
infode@outbrain.com
Telefon: +49 221 650 89 783
© Outbrain UK Limited 2023
ALLGEMEINE NUTZUNGSBEDINGUNGEN
1. EINLEITUNG.
Die folgenden Nutzungsbedingungen (diese „Nutzungsbedingungen“) regeln Ihre (im Folgenden Sie, Ihr, Benutzer) Benutzung der Produkte, Dienste und Leistungen, die über die Website mit der URL www.outbrain.com (die „Website“) zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Diese Website wurde und wird von Outbrain Inc. („Outbrain“) erstellt, kontrolliert und betrieben. Wie weiter unten näher beschrieben, enthält die Website Outbrains firmeneigene und geschützte Empfehlungstechnologie in ihren diversen Ausformungen (insgesamt der „Service“). Der Service kann auf der Website oder auf Ihrer Website bzw. denen Ihrer Partner mittels eines Programmcodes genutzt werden, den wir Ihnen in seiner jeweils aktuellen Form zur Verfügung stellen (ein solcher Benutzer wird im Folgenden als „Partner“ bezeichnet) und den Sie gemäß vorliegenden Nutzungsbedingungen verwenden dürfen. Indem Sie auf diese Website gehen oder einen beliebigen Teil des Services nutzen, erklären Sie Ihr Einverständnis damit, dass diese Nutzungsbedingungen für Sie verbindlich sind. Wenn Sie mit diesen Nutzungsbedingungen nicht einverstanden sind, dann dürfen Sie nicht auf die Website zugreifen oder den Service nutzen. Ihr Recht zur Benutzung der Website und des Services ist ausdrücklich an Ihre Zustimmung zu allen Regelungen aus vorliegenden Nutzungsbedingungen gebunden und schließt jegliche sonstigen Regelungen aus. Dieser Service steht nur Personen im Alter von mindestens 18 Jahren zur Verfügung, egal ob sie im eigenen Namen oder als bevollmächtigte Angestellte oder Vertreter eines Unternehmens oder einer anders gearteten geschäftlichen Einheit handeln. Wenn Sie diese Voraussetzung nicht erfüllen, dann versuchen Sie bitte nicht, sich für die Nutzung des Services zu registrieren.
2. ÄNDERUNGEN DER NUTZUNGSBEDINGUNGEN.
Outbrain behält sich das Recht vor, diese Nutzungsbedingungen jederzeit nach alleinigem Ermessen zu verändern oder durch andere zu ersetzen. Sie sollten diese Nutzungsbedingungen von Zeit zu Zeit wieder aufrufen und durchsehen, denn Sie sind alleinverantwortlich für die Kenntnisnahme und Berücksichtigung eventueller Änderungen. Die Nutzung des Services durch Sie bringt gemäß vorliegender Mitteilung Ihr Einverständnis mit den jeweils modifizierten Nutzungsbedingungen zum Ausdruck. Dies gilt auch dann, wenn Sie sich bereits zuvor für die Nutzung des Services für Ihre Website registriert hatten und diese Website fortgesetzt nicht erneut besuchen.
3. BESCHREIBUNG DES SERVICES.
Der Service liefert Ihnen Empfehlungen („Empfehlungen“) für neue Artikel, Grafiken, Fotografien, Bilder, Illustrationen und Software sowie Audio- und Videoclips („Content“). Manche Empfehlungen können Content betreffen, für den wir gegen Bezahlung seitens unserer Kunden werben („Promoteter Content“). Diese Empfehlungen generieren Einnahmen („Werbeeinnahmen“) für die Websites solcher Kunden, die Outbrain nach alleinigem Ermessen dafür auswählt. Wenn Sie den Service nutzen, ohne sich auf der Website zu registrieren, wird diese Empfehlungs-Funktion automatisch als Teil des Services zur Verfügung gestellt. Wenn Sie sich auf der Website registrieren, können Sie die Einstellungen für die Empfehlungs-Funktion festlegen, so wie auf Outbrains Dashboard und weiter unten in Abschnitt 6 beschrieben.
4. LIZENZ FÜR DEN SERVICE VON OUTBRAIN.
A. LIZENZGEWÄHRUNG.
Unter der Voraussetzung Ihrer uneingeschränkten Zustimmung zu allen Klauseln und Bedingungen aus diesen Nutzungsbedingungen gewährt Ihnen Outbrain eine begrenzte, nicht-exklusive, widerrufbare, nicht unterlizenzierbare und nicht übertragbare Lizenz zur Nutzung (i) des Services; (ii) sämtlicher Programmierschnittstellen der Anwendung oder anderer Programmcodes, die wir jeweils zum gegebenen Zeitpunkt seitens Outbrains zur Verfügung stellen (zusammengefasst das „Programm“); (iii) jeglicher Dokumentation Outbrains für Endanwender, wenn diese mit dem Service einhergeht; (iv) sämtlicher Upgrades, Aktualisierungen und neuer Versionen des Services, so wie weiter unten ausgeführt. Eine solche Lizenz umfasst das Recht zur Nutzung sämtlicher Schutz- und Urheberrechte Outbrains, die mit der Verwendung des Programms in Verbindung stehen oder mit anderen Aspekten einhergehen, die mit dem Service zusammenhängen. Ebenso umfasst sie die Benutzung der Schutz- und Urheberrechte für die Dokumentation Outbrains für Endanwender, doch ausschließlich in Verbindung mit der in den
FAQ
erläuterten Nutzung des Services.
B. BERECHTIGUNG ZUR VERGABE VON UNTERLIZENZEN.
In Anknüpfung an obenstehenden Abschnitt 4.A. sind Sie dazu berechtigt, (i) Berater und Auftragnehmer unter Vertrag zu nehmen, die dem alleinigen Zweck dienen, für die Benutzung des Services und des Programms durch Sie die notwendige Entwicklungsarbeit, Herstellung von Komponenten und Durchführung von Testaufgaben für Sie zu leisten sowie den Support der Anwendung für Sie zu übernehmen; (ii) Ihren Endanwendern gemäß den Regelungen aus untenstehendem Abschnitt 4.H. Unterlizenzen zu gewähren. Ausgenommen wie in Abschnitt 4.B. vorgesehen, sind Sie nicht dazu berechtigt, irgendwelche der Ihnen von diesen Nutzungsbedingungen zugestandenen Rechte an Berater, Auftragnehmer oder sonstige Dritte unterzulizenzieren.
C. LIZENZBESCHRÄNKUNGEN.
Sie dürfen das Programm nicht in Verbindung mit oder zum Bewerben von Produkten, Leistungen, Diensten oder Material verwenden die in einen der folgenden Bereiche fallen, dafür werben oder vorwiegend dafür verwendet werden, um in diesen Bereichen tätig zu sein: Spyware, Adware oder sonstige Schadprogramme, gefälschte Waren und Produkte, einem U.S.-Embargo unterliegende Produkte, unaufgeforderte und massive Verbreitung von E-Mails („Spam“), Multi-Level-Marketingangebote, hetzerisches Material, Material für das Hacking oder die Überwachung von Systemen, das Abfangen von Daten oder das Entschlüsseln von Codes, beleidigende, diffamierende, obszöne, pornografische, mit sexuellem Missbrauch in Verbindung stehende oder sonst wie anstößige Inhalte, Prostitution, Körperteile, Organe oder Körperflüssigkeiten, gestohlene Produkte und Gegenstände, die für Diebstahl und Raub verwendet werden, Feuerwerkskörper, Sprengstoff, Gefahrenstoffe, Ausweispapiere, Gegenstände für den polizeilichen Gebrauch, Glücksspiel, im Rahmen staatlicher Lizenzierungen regulierte Bereiche, Waffen und Waffenzubehör. Sie müssen den Service fristgerecht gemäß allen vertretbaren Anweisungen zur Anwendung bringen, die Outbrain Ihnen zum gegebenen Zeitpunkt vorgibt.
D. PLATZIERUNG, OPTIK UND HAPTIK DES SERVICE.
Sie werden den Service direkt unterhalb der Hauptinhalte auf allen Seiten Ihrer Website platzieren, auf denen der Service installiert ist. Kein anderer Service zur Content-Empfehlung darf parallel zu oder über Outbrains Service auf den Seiten Ihrer Website erscheinen, auf denen der Service installiert ist. Zudem müssen Sie den Service so zur Anwendung bringen, dass sein Aussehen und der erweckte Eindruck nicht zu Verwechslungen mit ähnlichen Content-Empfehlungsdiensten anderer Anbieter auf Ihrer Website führen kann.
E. WEITERE EINSCHRÄNKUNGEN.
Sofern in diesen Nutzungsbedingungen nicht ausdrücklich und eindeutig gestattet, sind Sie zu Folgendem nicht befugt: (i) Kopieren, Vermieten, Leasen, Verkaufen, Übertragen, Übereignen, Unterlizenzieren, Zerlegen, Rückentwickeln oder Dekompilieren (ausgenommen in dem begrenzten Maße, das vom anwendbaren Gesetzesrecht ausdrücklich zugelassen wird), Modifizieren oder Manipulieren von Teilen von (a) gemeinschaftlich erhobenen Daten und den zugehörigen Berichten (zusammengefasst „Daten“), die Outbrain Ihnen in verschiedenen Formaten zur Verfügung stellen kann, oder des (b) Programms; (ii) zur Benutzung des Programms oder des Services im Auftrag Dritter. Ausgenommen wie weiter unten in Abschnitt 4.G. dargelegt, geben Ihnen diese Nutzungsbedingungen keinerlei Anrecht auf die Benutzung von Markenzeichen, Dienstleistungsmarken, Handelsnamen oder andere markenrechtlich geschützte Elemente Outbrains oder anderer Lizenzgeber. Außer den ausdrücklich hier festgelegten Rechten und Lizenzen werden keine sonstigen Rechte und Lizenzen gewährt. Wenn Sie gegen eine der vorgenannten Einschränkungen verstoßen, ist Outbrain der Eigentümer aller Rechte, Ansprüche und Anteile, die mit jeglichen/m abgeleiteten Werken, Erfindungen und Entwicklungen, Werken mit Autorenrechten, Designs, Know-how, Ideen und Informationen in Verbindung stehen, die ganz oder teilweise mit der Nutzung des Services oder des Programms entstanden sind bzw. erworben, in die Praxis umgesetzt oder entwickelt wurden. Sie erklären sich hiermit dazu bereit, alle notwendigen Anweisungen zu geben, um die Erfüllung der vorgenannten, eigentumsrechtlichen Bedingungen zu gewährleisten.
F. NEUE VERSIONEN UND UPGRADES.
Outbrain kann Aktualisierungen, Upgrades und neue Versionen des Services oder des Programms herausbringen. Gleiches gilt für mit dem Service in Verbindung stehende Software. Die Einführung erfolgt jeweils gemäß den Anleitungen in den
FAQ
. Sie stimmen zu, dass jeglicher Zugriff auf oder Zugang zu Software, der Ihnen im Rahmen dieser Nutzungsbedingungen gewährt wird, nicht Outbrains Recht einschränkt, solcherlei Software in künftigen Versionen des Services zu verändern oder zu ersetzen. Die Ihnen hier gewährte Lizenz beinhaltet solcherlei Elemente.
G. MARKENRECHTLICHE LIZENZ.
Outbrain gewährt Ihnen hiermit eine persönliche, begrenzte, nicht-exklusive, nicht übertragbare und kostenpflichtige Lizenz zur Benutzung der Marken Outbrains (wie weiter unten in Abschnitt 18 definiert). Sie können Outbrains Marken in Verbindung mit Ihrer Nutzung des Programms, der Daten oder des Services auf jeder Ihrer Websites oder den Websites Ihrer Partner nutzen, über die Teile des Services abgewickelt werden. Sie können jederzeit und ohne Outbrains zusätzliche Genehmigung Blog-Beiträge in Ihrem Blog oder denen Ihrer Partner veröffentlichen, bei denen Outbrains Marken verwendet werden. Dies jedoch unter der Voraussetzung, dass Sie vernünftig vertretbare Anstrengungen unternehmen, Outbrain die Blog-Beiträge vor ihrer Veröffentlichung oder zeitgleich mit ihr zuzusenden. Nichts in vorliegender Vereinbarung gewährt Ihnen Eigentumsrechte oder sonstige Rechte bezüglich des Gebrauchs der Marken Outbrains, die nicht ausdrücklich aus vorliegender Lizenzgewährung hervorgehen. Unter keinerlei Umständen dürfen Sie die Marken Outbrains in Verruf bringen oder auf andere Art missbrauchen. Ebenso dürfen Sie unter keinen Umständen gegen die Verhaltensregeln für Benutzer verstoßen, die weiter unten in Abschnitt 5 dargelegt werden. Die Ihnen im Rahmen vorliegender Lizenzgewährung gewährten Rechte erlöschen mit vorliegenden Nutzungsbedingungen. Sollten diese gekündigt oder außer Kraft gesetzt werden, stellen Sie die Nutzung der Marken Outbrains ein.
H. KEINE SONSTIGEN LIZENZEN.
Alle im Rahmen dieser Vereinbarung gewährten Lizenzen sind ausdrücklich hier erwähnt. Es werden keine sonstigen Lizenzen oder Rechte eingeräumt, weder stillschweigend noch durch Rechtsverwirkung.
I. ENDBENUTZER-LIZENZEN.
Sie erklären sich damit einverstanden, dass jede Ihrer Websites und/oder jedes Ihrer Softwareprodukte, für die oder mit denen die in vorliegender Vereinbarung gewährten Rechte genutzt werden, allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen enthalten muss, die Folgendes sicherstellen: (i) Der Service, die Daten und das Programm müssen mindestens gleichwertig geschützt sein, wie Ihre firmeneigenen Softwareanwendungen, und (ii) solcherlei firmeneigene Softwareanwendungen Outbrains sind durch die Nutzungsbedingungen Ihrer Website ebenfalls geschützt. Darüber hinaus muss die Datenschutzrichtlinie der betreffenden Website und/oder der betreffenden Softwareprodukte erklären, dass die Daten zu einer dritten Partei geroutet werden, die der Eigentümer der betreffenden Daten ist, dass dieses Routing jedoch keinerlei die Person identifizierende Informationen enthält. Sie erklären sich damit einverstanden, dass Sie in solcherlei allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen für die Nutzung des Services außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten jegliche erforderlichen, landesspezifischen Regelungen aufnehmen werden, die notwendig sind, um die vorgenannten Regelungen wirksam zu machen. Sie erklären sich weiterhin damit einverstanden, dass Sie die allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen für die unter dieser Lizenz gewährte Nutzung des Services, der Daten und des Programms auch durchsetzen werden.
5. VERHALTENSREGELN FÜR BENUTZER.
Als Bedingung für die Benutzung verpflichten Sie sich dazu, den Service oder die Daten zu keinerlei ungesetzlichen, zu von diesen Nutzungsbedingungen ausgeschlossenen oder solchen Zwecken zu verwenden, die von Outbrain nach vernünftigem Ermessen nicht beabsichtigt sind. Hier ohne Anspruch auf Vollständigkeit einige Beispiele für Nutzungen, von denen Sie gemäß dieser Vereinbarung Abstand nehmen:
Missbrauch, Belästigung, Bedrohung, Vortäuschung einer fremden Indetität oder Einschüchterung anderer Benutzer von Outbrain oder von Content-Anbietern;
auf in irgendeiner Form verletzende, beleidigende, diffamierende, obszöne, pornografische, missbräuchliche, anstößige oder auf andere Art die Gesetze oder die Rechte Dritter verletzende Art und Weise;
für illegale oder unerlaubte Zwecke. Sie versichern, dass Sie alle vor Ort geltenden Gesetze hinsichtlich des Verhaltens im Internet und zulässiger Inhalte beachten werden;
zum Posten oder zur Weitergabe von Mitteilungen oder Aufforderungen, die dazu bestimmt oder entwickelt sind, Passwörter bzw. Kontoinformation oder private Angaben von Outbrain-Benutzern zu beschaffen. Ebenso sind Handlungen zu unterlassen, die das Posten oder die Weitergabe solcher Mitteilungen veranlassen;
das Erstellen oder Versenden von Spam an andere Outbrain-Benutzer oder URLs;
gesetzliche Vorschriften in Ihrer Gerichtsbarkeit zu verletzen (darunter zum Beispiel auch Gesetze zum Urheberrechtsschutz);
das Einsenden von Texten oder Kommentaren, die zu Partnerprogrammen verlinken, zu Angeboten im Bereich Multi-Level-Marketing, Websites/Blogs zur Wiederverwertung von Content und Geschichten (sogenannte Source-Hops) oder zu nicht zum Thema gehörenden Inhalten;
der Zugang zur Website unter Verwendung von Robotersystemen, Webcrawlern, Scrapern oder anderen automatisierten Funktionen, ausgenommen dies wurde ausdrücklich und schriftlich genehmigt;
solche Tätigkeiten ausführen, die nach unserem alleinigen Dafürhalten eine unangemessene und überdimensional große Belastung für die Infrastruktur des Services bedeuten oder bedeuten könnten;
das einwandfreie Funktionieren der Website oder anderer Funktionen und über die Website abgewickelter Aktivitäten beeinträchtigen oder zu beeinträchtigen versuchen;
das Umgehen jeglicher Art von Maßnahmen, mit deren Hilfe wir den Zugang zur Website verhindern oder einschränken;
Handlungen mit der Absicht, die Empfehlungen oder sonstige Dienste Outbrains künstlich zu verändern oder zu manipulieren. Dazu zählt etwa auch das Einrichten mehrerer Benutzerkonten, um die Dienste Outbrains künstlich zu verfälschen, das vorsätzliche Aufblähen von Klick-Zahlen oder Empfehlungen zu promotetem Content sowie die Beteiligung an jeglicher sonstigen Art von organisierten Bemühungen, die darauf abzielen, die Ergebnisse und Funktionsweise des Services zu verfälschen.
Den folgenden Websites ist die Benutzung des Services streng verboten und Outbrain wird die Benutzung des Services durch solche Sites aktiv unterbinden, von denen das Unternehmen der Ansicht ist, dass sie gegen dieses Verbot verstoßen: Websites, die nur für Erwachsene bestimmte, obszöne, pornografische, beleidigende, verletzende, zum Missbrauch auffordernde oder diffamierende Inhalte zeigen oder daran beteiligt sind. Gleiches gilt für solche Websites, die illegale Aktivitäten fördern oder begünstigen, zu Hass und Diskriminierung aufrufen oder diese fördern sowie dem Verkauf von Feuerwaffen oder illegalen Drogen dienen oder diesen Verkauf fördern. Zusätzlich behält sich Outbrain das Recht vor, den Service auf jeglicher Site im alleinigen Ermessen zu deaktivieren.
Outbrain kann jederzeit nach alleinigem Ermessen und aus beliebigen Gründen Content von der Website entfernen (darunter unter anderem etwa auf Beschwerden hin oder bei Einwänden Dritter oder von Behörden hinsichtlich solcher Inhalte). Wenn Sie Verstöße gegen diese Nutzungsbedingungen melden möchten, wenden Sie sich bitte per E-Mail an
abuse@outbrain.com
.
6. REGISTRIERUNG.
Zur Nutzung des Services ist es nicht notwendig, dass Sie sich auf der Website registrieren. Diese Nutzungsbedingungen sind für Sie jedoch auch dann verbindlich, wenn Sie sich nicht registrieren und den Service in Anspruch nehmen und nutzen. Wenn Sie sich auf der Website registrieren, haben Sie Zugang zu Online-Berichten und zum Outbrain-Dashboard, welches Ihnen die Kontrolle über eine Reihe von Einstellungen des Services ermöglicht. Um sich zu registrieren, müssen Sie bestimmte Angaben machen. Wenn Sie Blogger sind, müssen Sie zudem eine gültige Blog-URL angeben. Wenn Sie Partner sind, müssen Sie zusätzliche Kontaktangaben machen, darunter unter anderem auch Namen, Anschrift und eine gültige E-Mail-Adresse und weitere Kontaktangaben. Bevor Sie Ihre Registrierung abschließen, senden wir Ihnen an Ihre E-Mail-Adresse einen Link, den Sie anklicken müssen, um Ihr Outbrain-Konto zu aktivieren.
7. PROMOTETER CONTENT.
Durch Ihre Registrierung auf der Website haben Sie die Möglichkeit, das Outbrain-Dashboard zu benutzen und darüber neben weiteren Einstellungen diejenigen für die Empfehlungs-Funktion festzulegen. Wenn Sie die Option wählen, promoteten Content zuzulassen, können Sie zudem eine gemeinnützige Einrichtung oder Organisation wählen (aus einer Liste im Outbrain-Dashboard), der ein Teil Ihrer Einnahmen aus Werbung auf Ihrer Website und durch die Nutzung des Services zukommen soll. Outbrain zahlt nur dann einen Anteil an Werbeeinnahmen an Partner, wenn eine schriftliche, von vorliegenden Nutzungsbedingungen getrennte Einverständniserklärung Outbrains vorliegt.
8. EIGENTUMSRECHTE.
Sämtliche Rechte an, Ansprüche auf und Beteiligungen an der Website, dem Service, Zusammenstellungen, digitalen Speicherungen bzw. Umwandlungen, Software und sonstigem mit dem Service in Verbindung stehendem Material sind und bleiben stets exklusives Eigentum Outbrains und stehen unter dem Schutz der anwendbaren Gesetze und Abkommen zum geistigen Eigentum und Urheberrecht. Sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit der Website stehenden oder durch den Service über jede beliebige Website erhobenen Daten sind stets alleiniges Eigentum Outbrains. Sie nehmen zur Kenntnis, dass Sie keinerlei Eigentumsrechte am Service oder den über den Service gewonnenen und vermittelten Daten erwerben.
Outbrain behält sich sämtliche Rechte vor, die Ihnen im Rahmen vorliegender Nutzungsbedingungen nicht ausdrücklich gewährt werden.
9. EINGESANDTER UND ÜBER DEN SERVICE VERFÜGBAR GEMACHTER CONTENT.
Eingeschränkte Lizenz zur Nutzung von Content. Wenn Sie Partner sind und Content einsenden, gewähren Sie Outbrain hiermit ein beschränktes, nicht-exklusives, in voller Höhe beglichenes, lizenzfreies und weltweites Recht zur Nutzung besagten Contents sowie Ihrer registrierten und nicht registrierten Markenzeichen, Dienstleistungsmarken, Handelsaufmachungen, Grafiken oder Logos („Partner-Marken“) für alle folgenden Bereiche: (i) auf der Website sowie in sämtlichen Blogs und Newslettern Outbrains; (ii) im Rahmen jeder Geschäftsentwicklung, in Verkaufsmaterialien oder Pressemitteilungen; (iii) als beliebiger Bestandteil des Services; (iv) in jeder sonstigen, vernünftig vertretbaren Art und Weise, von der ein Partner ausgehen kann, dass Outbrain die Partner-Marken entsprechend verwendet.
10. GEWÄHRLEISTUNGSAUSSCHLUSS.
Sie bestätigen, dass Outbrain über Folgendes keinerlei Kontrolle hat und hinsichtlich folgender Aspekte in keiner Weise tätig werden muss: welche Benutzer auf den Service zugreifen; welche Auswirkungen der Service für Sie, Ihre Website oder Ihre Geräte und Systeme haben kann; die Richtigkeit des Services oder der Daten bzw. wie Sie diese interpretieren, sich auf sie verlassen oder diese verwenden. Dazu gehören zum Beispiel auch ein eventueller Ansehensverlust oder Rückgänge bei den Besucherzahlen Ihrer Website oder irgendwelcher Websites Ihrer Partner; Handlungen und Maßnahmen, die Sie in Folge Ihrer Nutzung des Services tätigen oder ergreifen. Sie bestätigen darüber hinaus und stimmen zu, dass Outbrain weder direkt oder indirekt verantwortlich oder haftbar ist für Schäden oder Verluste, die faktisch oder vorgeblich im Zusammenhang stehen mit der Benutzung von oder der Berücksichtigung von Content, Gütern oder Leistungen, die auf solchen Websites Dritter zugänglich sind, die mit dem Service verlinkt sind oder auf die über den Service oder über mit dem Service in Zusammenhang stehenden Daten hingewiesen wird. Sie stellen Outbrain von jeglicher Haftung hinsichtlich des Services sowie jeglicher Inhalte oder Daten frei, die über den Service oder die Website verfügbar gemacht werden oder zugänglich sind. Die Website kann Informationen oder Content enthalten, die von manchen Personen als beleidigend, anstößig oder unangebracht empfunden werden können, bzw. die Website kann zu Websites weiterleiten, die solcherlei Informationen oder Content enthalten. Outbrain enthält sich jeglicher Stellungnahme zu Daten oder Content, die über den Service oder die Website zugänglich oder in/auf ihnen erhältlich sind, darunter unter anderem auch promoteter Content. Outbrain ist weder verantwortlich noch haftbar für die Inhalte, ihre Richtigkeit, urheberrechtliche Gesetzmäßigkeit, Legalität oder Schicklichkeit des Contents Dritter oder der Dienste und Leistungen, die über den Service oder die Website zugänglich sind. Ebenso ist Outbrain nicht verantwortlich oder haftbar, wenn Sie sich auf solchen Content verlassen. DER SERVICE, DAS PROGRAMM UND DIE DATEN WERDEN IHNEN „IN VORLIEGENDER FORM“ ZUR VERFÜGUNG GESTELLT, OHNE JEGLICHE GEWÄHRLEISTUNG AUSGENOMMEN DERJENIGEN, DASS OUTBRAIN GEWÄHRLEISTET, IM BESITZ ALLER NOTWENDIGEN RECHTE, ANRECHTE UND BETEILIGUNGEN HINSICHTLICH SERVICE, WEBSITE UND PROGRAMM ZU SEIN, UM IHNEN DIE RECHTE UND LIZENZEN ZU GEWÄHREN, DIE GEGENSTAND VORLIEGENDER NUTZUNGSBEDINGUNGEN SIND. WENN IN VORLIEGENDER VEREINBARUNG NICHT ANDERSLAUTEND FESTGELEGT UND IM GESETZLICH ZULÄSSIGEN MASSE ÜBERNEHMEN OUTBRAIN UND SEINE VERTRETER KEINERLEI AUSDRÜCKLICHE, STILLSCHWEIGENDE ODER GESETZLICHE GEWÄHRLEISTUNGEN HINSICHTLICH DES SERVICES, DES PROGRAMMS ODER DER DATEN. DIESER GEWÄHRLEISTUNGSAUSSCHLUSS BETRIFFT UNTER ANDEREM AUCH ALLE IMPLIZITEN GEWÄHRLEISTUNGEN HINSICHTLICH MARKTGÄNGIGKEIT, RICHTIGKEIT, NUTZUNGSERGEBNISSEN, VERLÄSSLICHKEIT, EIGNUNG FÜR BESTIMMTE ZWECKE, BESITZANSPRÜCHEN, BEEINTRÄCHTIGUNGEN DER UNGESTÖRTEN NUTZUNG UND NICHTVERLETZUNG DER RECHTE DRITTER. OUTBRAIN ÜBERNIMMT KEINE GEWÄHRLEISTUNG DAFÜR, DASS IHRE NUTZUNG DES SERVICE, DES CODES ODER DER DATEN STETS UNUNTERBROCHEN UND FEHLERFREI SEIN WIRD. EINIGE STAATEN GESTATTEN DIE EINSCHRÄNKUNG DES ZEITRAUMS FÜR STILLSCHWEIGENDE GARANTIEN NICHT, SO DASS DIE OBENSTEHENDEN EINSCHRÄNKUNGEN EVENTUELL NICHT AUF SIE ZUTREFFEN.
11. HAFTUNGSBESCHRÄNKUNG.
UNABHÄNGIG DAVON, OB ANDERE HIER FESTGELEGTE RECHTSMITTEL IHREN ZWECK VERFEHLEN ODER OB ANDERE UNVORHERGESEHENE FÄLLE EINTRETEN, UND AUSGENOMMEN IM FALL VON KÖRPERVERLETZUNG, SIND OUTBRAIN ODER SEINE VERTRETER IHNEN ODER DRITTEN GEGENÜBER UNTER KEINEN UMSTÄNDEN IM RAHMEN VON SCHADENSERSATZRECHT ODER VERTRAGSANGELEGENHEITEN, WEGEN FAHRLÄSSIGKEIT ODER GEFÄHRDUNGSHAFTUNG ODER UNTER SONSTIGEN RECHTSTHEORETISCHEN BZW. VERGLEICHBAREN KONZEPTEN HAFTBAR FÜR (I) GEWINNEINBUSSEN, DATENVERLUST ODER BESCHÄDIGUNG VON DATEN, COMPUTERAUSFÄLLE ODER FUNKTIONSSTÖRUNGEN VON COMPUTERN, UNTERBRECHUNGEN DER GESCHÄFTSTÄTIGKEIT ODER ANDERE SPEZIFISCHE ODER INDIREKTE NEBEN- ODER FOLGESCHÄDEN JEDWEDER ART, DIE SICH AUS DER NUTZUNG ODER NICHTVERFÜGBARKEIT DER WEBSITE, DES SERVICES ODER DER DATEN ERGEBEN. DAS GILT AUCH DANN, WENN OUTBRAIN ÜBER DIE MÖGLICHKEIT INFORMIERT WURDE, DASS SOLCHE VERLUSTE ODER SCHÄDEN ENTSTEHEN KÖNNEN, UND ES GILT UNABHÄNGIG DAVON, OB SOLCHE VERLUSTE ODER SCHÄDEN VORHERSEHBAR WAREN, ODER (II) FÜR JEGLICHE ART VON DIREKTEN SCHÄDEN IM WERT VON MEHR ALS (ZUSAMMENGEFASST) 1.000 $. FORDERUNGEN IM ZUSAMMENHANG MIT DIESEN NUTZUNGSBEDINGUNGEN MÜSSEN VOR ABLAUF EINES (1) JAHRES NACH DEM MOMENT ERFOLGEN, IN DEM DER ENTSPRECHENDE VORFALL STATTGEFUNDEN HAT. OUTBRAIN ÜBERNIMMT KEINE HAFTUNG FÜR VERTRETER OUTBRAINS EGAL WELCHER ART. MANCHE STAATEN ERLAUBEN KEINEN HAFTUNGSAUSSCHLUSS FÜR NEBENSCHÄDEN ODER FOLGESCHÄDEN. IN DIESEM FALL KOMMEN DIE ENTSPRECHENDEN DER OBENSTEHENDEN HAFTUNGSAUSSCHLÜSSE NICHT ZUR ANWENDUNG.
SIE HABEN VERSTANDEN UND STIMMEN ZU, DASS IHR EINZIGES RECHT GEGENÜBER UND GEGEN OUTBRAIN DARIN BESTEHT, DIE NUTZUNG DES SERVICES ZU BEENDEN.
12. SCHADLOSHALTUNG.
Sie erklären sich damit einverstanden, Outbrain, seine Dachgesellschaften, Filialen, Partner, Kunden und Verkäufer sowie die jeweiligen Führungskräfte, Geschäftsführer und Angestellten gegen jede Art von Haftung, Schäden, Kosten oder Gebühren (darunter auch Anwaltskosten) schadlos zu halten, die sich folgendermaßen ergeben können: (i) Ansprüche oder Forderungen Dritter, die sich aus Ihrem Zugriff auf und Zugang zur Website ergeben; (ii) durch Ihre Nutzung des Services, des Programms oder der Daten sowie einen durch Sie begangenen Verstoß gegen die Nutzungsbedingungen; (iii) durch einen durch Sie oder Dritte begangenen Verstoß bei der Benutzung Ihres Outbrain-Kontos, einen Verstoß gegen Urheberrechte oder andere Rechte von Personen oder Rechtspersonen. Dies gilt allerdings unter der Voraussetzung, dass Sie nicht versucht haben, einen solchen Verstoß durch die Anwendung von Outbrains Datenschutzrichtlinie zu berichtigen und abzustellen, so wie in Abschnitt 19 weiter unten beschrieben.
13. GELTUNGSDAUER UND BEENDIGUNG.
Die Geltungsdauer der Nutzungsbedingungen und das Ende dieser Geltungsdauer werden in diesem Abschnitt festgelegt. Outbrain kann Benutzerkonten nach alleinigem Ermessen jederzeit, aus jedem beliebigen Grund oder auch ohne Grund und ohne Vorankündigung stornieren oder kündigen, ohne dass Ihnen daraus ein Haftungsanspruch erwächst. Mit der Kündigung Ihres Kontos erlöschen augenblicklich Ihre Nutzungsrechte für den Service. Wenn diese Nutzungsbedingungen aus beliebigem Grund gekündigt oder außer Kraft gesetzt werden, müssen Sie sämtliche Kopien des Services und des Programms sowie alle Daten umgehend von allen Ihren Computern und Festplatten, aus Ihren Netzwerken und von allen sonstigen Speichermedien löschen. Auf Wunsch Outbrains müssen Sie Outbrain bestätigen, dass dies erfolgt ist. Wenn Sie Ihr Konto bei Outbrain kündigen wollen, können Sie einfach die Nutzung des Services einstellen. All diejenigen Regelungen aus vorliegenden Nutzungsbedingungen, die ob ihres Inhalts über die Kündigung/Beendigung der Vereinbarung hinaus Bestand haben müssen, haben über die Beendigung der Vereinbarung hinaus uneingeschränkt Bestand. Dazu gehören unter anderem sämtliche Eigentumsregelungen, Haftungsausschlüsse, Schadloshaltungsklauseln und Haftungsbeschränkungen.
14. BENUTZUNG DURCH REGIERUNG UND BEHÖRDEN.
Wenn Sie einer Behörde, Abteilung oder Einrichtung der Regierung der Vereinigten Staaten („Regierung“) angehören, ist das Kopieren, Reproduzieren, Veröffentlichen, Modifizieren, Weitergeben oder Übertragen des Services bei zivilen Behörden entsprechend den Federal Acquisition Regulations eingeschränkt, und bei militärischen Einrichtungen und Behörden gemäß dem Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement. Der Service und die Daten sind jedes für sich „Handelsartikel“, „gewerbliche Computersoftware“ und „Dokumentation zu gewerblicher Computersoftware“. In Übereinstimmung mit diesen Regelungen richtet sich die Verwendung solcher Artikel durch die Regierung ausnahmslos nach diesen Nutzungsbedingungen.
15. EXPORTKONTROLLEN.
Sie müssen sämtliche für den Export maßgeblichen Gesetze und Beschränkungen sowie die Vorschriften des Department of Commerce (Handelsministerium), des United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control („OFAC“) oder sonstiger Behörden der Vereinigten Staaten bzw. anderer Länder befolgen und einhalten. Sie dürfen den Service nicht unter Verstoß gegen irgendeine/s solcher Handelsbeschränkungen, Gesetze oder Vorschriften exportieren oder seinen Export zulassen. Durch das Herunterladen oder die Nutzung des Services oder von Daten stimmen Sie dem Vorangehenden zu, und darüber hinaus erklären und gewährleisten Sie, dass Sie nicht in einem Land ansässig sind oder unter dessen Kontrolle stehen, das Beschränkungen irgendwelcher Art unterliegt, und dass Sie kein Bürger oder Bewohner eines solchen Landes sind.
16. VERSCHIEDENES.
Diese Nutzungsbedingungen sind den Vertragsgegenstand betreffend die vollständige und ungeteilte Vereinbarung zwischen Ihnen und Outbrain. Sie ersetzen jegliche schriftlichen und mündlichen Vereinbarungen hinsichtlich des Vertragsgegenstands. Im Rahmen dieser Nutzungsvereinbarung wird keinerlei Filiale, Partnerschaft, Joint Venture oder Angestelltenverhältnis begründet und Sie haben keinerlei Vollmachten oder Zuständigkeiten irgendwelcher Art, die Outbrain zu irgendetwas verpflichten könnten. Diese Nutzungsbedingungen und jegliche Streitfälle, die daraus oder hinsichtlich ihrer Auslegung erwachsen können, sind gemäß den Gesetzen des Bundesstaats New York zu entscheiden und zu interpretieren, so wie diese Gesetze bei Verträgen und Vereinbarungen zwischen Anwohnern New Yorks zur Anwendung kommen, die dort ihren Gerichtsstand haben. Kollisionsrechtlich bleiben dabei Konflikte mit anderen Gesetzen und Gerichtsbarkeiten unberücksichtigt und auch die Regelungen aus dem UN-Kaufrecht (United Nations Conventions for the International Sale of Goods) bleiben unberücksichtigt. Ausgenommen Outbrain legt an anderer Stelle Abweichendes fest, sind sämtliche Klagen oder Verfahren, die sich aus oder im Zusammenhang mit dieser Vereinbarung ergeben, bei einem Bundesgericht im Southern District of New York oder einem bundesstaatlichen Gericht in New York County, New York, vorzubringen. Beide Parteien unterstellen sich für Klagen, Verfahren und gerichtliche oder rechtliche Schritte jedweder Art unwiderruflich der Gerichtsbarkeit und dem Gerichtsstand der genannten Gerichte. Bei rechtlichen oder gerichtlichen Auseinandersetzungen im Zusammenhang mit dieser Vereinbarung hat die obsiegende Partei das Recht auf Erstattung der Anwaltshonorare und Kosten. Diese Nutzungsbedingungen können nur schriftlich und durch Outbrain verändert werden. Sollte eine Regelung aus vorliegender Vereinbarung sich aus beliebigem Grund als undurchsetzbar erweisen, so wird diese Regelung nur in dem Maße abgeändert, das notwendig ist, um sie durchsetzbar zu machen. Wenn Outbrain bei einem durch Sie oder Dritte begangenen Verstoß gegen diese Nutzungsbedingungen nicht tätig wird, so impliziert dies keinen Verzicht auf den betreffenden Anspruch und schränkt in keiner Weise Outbrains Rechte ein, die sich aus einem solchen Verstoß oder eventuellen neuen Verstößen ergeben. Diese Nutzungsbedingungen gelten für Sie persönlich und können aus keinerlei Gründen abgetreten oder übertragen werden (unter anderem auch nicht wegen, durch oder bei Abtretung kraft Gesetz, Fusionen, Unternehmenssanierungen, in Folge einer Geschäftsübernahme oder wegen eines Sie betreffenden Führungswechsels), es sei denn, Outbrain habe dies vorab schriftlich genehmigt. Jegliche Handlungen oder Verhaltensweisen, die Voranstehendem zuwiderhandeln, gelten als ungültig und bleiben unwirksam. Outbrain behält sich ausdrücklich das Recht vor, die vorliegenden Nutzungsbedingungen abzutreten und seine sich aus ihnen ergebenden Verpflichtungen zu übertragen.
17. DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE OUTBRAIN.
Outbrains geltende Datenschutzrichtlinie ist verfügbar unter
https://www.outbrain.com/privacy/de/
, und Sie gilt kraft vorliegender Erwähnung als in vorliegende Vereinbarung aufgenommen.
18. HANDELSMARKEN.
OUTBRAIN und Outbrains sonstige Marken, Grafiken, Logos, Designs, Seitenköpfe, Buttons-Icons, Scripts und Bezeichnungen von Diensten und Leistungen umfassen registrierte und nicht-registrierte Handelsmarken, Dienstleistungsmarken und Handelsaufmachungen Outbrains in den USA und/oder anderen Ländern („Outbrains Marken“). Sonstige Handelsmarken, Dienstleistungsmarken und Handelsnamen, die im Service verwendet werden, sind Eigentum ihrer jeweiligen Eigentümer. Sie erklären sich damit einverstanden, Outbrains Marken ohne Outbrains vorherige schriftliche Genehmigung nicht wiederzugeben oder in anderer Art und Weise zu verwenden. Ein Partner darf jedoch über seine Benutzung des Services jederzeit bloggen, ohne dafür eine solche Genehmigung zu benötigen, sofern der Partner den Blog-Eintrag Outbrain vorab oder im Moment der Veröffentlichung zukommen lässt.
19. URHEBERRECHTLICHE BESCHWERDEN.
Wir respektieren die Urheberrechte anderer und erwarten dasselbe von denjenigen, die den Service nutzen. Wenn Sie der Meinung sind, dass Ihre urheberrechtlich geschützte Arbeit auf eine Art und Weise kopiert oder wiedergegeben wurde, die eine Urheberrechtsverletzung darstellt, dann informieren Sie darüber bitte Outbrains weiter unten aufgeführten, gemäß Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. Section 512(c)(2) benannten Urheberrechts-Beauftragten und machen Sie dabei die folgenden Angaben:
die Unterschrift der Person, die ermächtigt ist, im Namen des Urheberrechtsinhabers zu handeln;
eine Beschreibung der urheberrechtlich geschützten Arbeit, von der Sie behaupten, Ihre Rechte seien verletzt worden;
eine Beschreibung, wo im Service das Ihrer Ansicht nach das Urheberrecht verletzende Material zu finden ist;
Ihre Anschrift, Telefonnummer und E-Mail-Adresse;
eine Erklärung Ihrerseits, dass Sie nach Treu und Glauben der Ansicht sind, dass die beanstandete Verwendung nicht vom Inhaber der Urheberrechte genehmigt wurde, die entsprechende Begründung oder das zugrundeliegende Gesetz;
eine eidesstattliche Erklärung Ihrerseits, dass die oben genannten, Ihre Eingabe begleitenden Angaben korrekt sind und dass Sie der Eigentümer der Urheberrechte oder dazu befugt sind, im Namen des Eigentümers der Urheberrechte zu handeln.
Copyright-Beauftragter:
Outbrain Inc., c/o legal counsel, 222 Broadway 19th Floor, New York, NY 10038, USA;
legal@outbrain.com
FRAGEN UND ANMERKUNGEN
Mit Fragen oder Anmerkungen zum oder Problemen mit dem Service wenden Sie sich bitte an den Website-Administrator unter
admin@outbrain.com
.
Effective April 13th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Welcome to Outbrain’s Terms of Use (the “Terms”). These Terms govern your (hereafter “ you”, “your” or “user ”) use of this website and the products and services available at this website, www.outbrain.com, and any related website linked to this URL address, including pages related to Outbrain’s Engage and Amplify services (collectively the “ Site”) and/or created, controlled or operated by Outbrain Inc. (hereafter “Outbrain ”, “we” “us ” or “our”). The Site features Outbrain's proprietary recommendation technology in its various forms and other services Outbrain may make available from time to time (collectively, the “Service"). By accessing the Site or using any part of the Service, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, then you may not access the Site or use the Service.
1. General Use.
Subject to these Terms, Outbrain hereby grants you a limited, non-exclusive, and non-transferable license to use the Site. You can simply visit and use the Site and you do not need to register with Outbrain to do so. We reserve the right to modify these Terms at any time. By continuing to access or use the Site or Service, you agree to such modifications.
2. Intellectual Property, Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and Takedown Notice.
2.1 Intellectual Property Ownership and Use. You acknowledge and agree that all of our trademarks, logos, copyrights, and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content contained within the Site shall remain at all times vested in us. You may not modify, edit, copy, reproduce, create derivative works of, reverse engineer, alter, enhance or in any way exploit any of the Site or its materials in any manner. In cases where we use material or content under authority from a third party, such rights remain vested in the owner of such material or content. All Site content and all materials contained within the Site are owned by Outbrain or used by Outbrain under authorization, and are protected by applicable trademark and copyright laws.
2.2. DMCA. If you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the Site or through Outbrain’s Service in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide us with the following information:
(a) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
(b) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
(c) a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site or in our Service;
(d) your address, telephone number, and email address;
(e) a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
(f) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Please send all of the above information to:
By e-mail:
dmca@outbrain.com
By mail: Outbrain Inc., 111 West 19th Street, New York, NY 10011; ATTN: DMCA
Agent and Legal Department
If you do not send us all of the required information, your notice/request may not be valid.
2.3. If you believe any of your other intellectual property rights, have been violated, please follow the same information and a takedown request sent to:
ipviolations@outbrain.com
.
2.4 Notice and Takedown. Outbrain does not control the content on its network however, we require our partners to comply with our
Advertiser Guidelines
and/or
Publisher Guidelines
(as applicable). Despite various safeguards, Outbrain recognises that from time to time content may be in breach of our guidelines, relevant copyright laws, contain references which may be regarded as defamatory, promote fake news and/or contain fraudulent or misleading information or links. If you have identified content of this nature, please email
ipviolations@outbrain.com
with the following information (i) your contact details (ii) the full details of the material in question (iii) the URL where you found the material and; (iv) the reason for your request e.g. complaint about defamatory content. Upon receipt of your notification, Outbrain will comply with the following Notice and Takedown procedure: (a) Outbrain will endeavour to acknowledge your complaint by email within 48 hours of receipt; (b) following confirmation of receipt, Outbrain will commence an investigation to assess the validity and plausibility of the complaint. Outbrain reserves the right to suspend partner’s use of the Outbrain technology or suspend/remove a particular complaint whilst an investigation is pending; (c) Outbrain may contact the relevant partner who is responsible for the content setting out the subject of the complaint, under what grounds the content is being investigation and request further comments or information from such partner; (d) following the finalization of Outbrain's investigation, Outbrain may either (i) allow the partner to continue to display the content unchanged; (ii) allow the partner to continue to display the content with changes; (iii) permanently remove the content from its network or prevent the use of its technology.
3. Privacy and Cookie Policy; Other Terms.
Your use of the Site or Service is also governed by Outbrain’s
Privacy Policy
. By using the Site or Service, you agree to the terms applicable to “Site Visitor’s set forth in that policy. Your use of Outbrain’s Engage or Amplify services will further be subject to other terms specific to those services. In addition, we may use cookies or other automated means of data collection. Please read the “Site Visitor’s section our Privacy Policy and
Cookie Glossary
for more information.[AT2]
4. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability.
OUTBRAIN EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE. EXCEPT FOR BODILY INJURY, IN NO EVENT WILL OUTBRAIN OR ITS AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY UNDER ANY TORT, CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (I) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST OR CORRUPTED DATA, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR OTHER SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, THE SERVICE, AND THE DATA, WHETHER OR NOT SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES ARE FORESEEABLE; (II) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SITES; OR (III) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF (IN THE AGGREGATE) $1,000. ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS MUST BE BROUGHT WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE OCCURRENCE OF THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH CLAIM. OUTBRAIN DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY OF ANY KIND OF OUTBRAIN'S AGENTS. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE RIGHT AND REMEDY AGAINST OUTBRAIN IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SITE.
5. Indemnity.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Outbrain, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, customers and vendors, and their respective officers, directors and employees from any liability, damage, cost, or fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising from: (i) any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of your access to the Site; (ii) your use of the Service or Site, and/or violation of the Terms; (iii) or the infringement by you, or any third party using your Outbrain account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
6. Governing Law.
6.1. These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York in the United States, without regard to its choice of law provisions. You agree to submit to personal jurisdiction in the State of New York and further agree that any cause of action arising from or relating to the use of the Site or these Terms shall be brought exclusively in the Federal or State Courts residing in New York, New York.
To the fullest extent of the law, you agree that any claim or cause of action arising from or relating to use of the Site or these Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose, or be forever barred.
6.2. Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, residents of California who use the Site are entitled to know that they may file grievances and complaints with: Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs, in writing at 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, California 95814, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210, or by email at dca@dca.ca.gov.
7. Termination.
Outbrain, in its sole discretion, may terminate or suspend use of the Sites at any time for any reason or for no reason at all, without prior notice or liability to you. All provisions of these Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
8. Miscellaneous.
8.1. We are not responsible for the availability of any websites, applications, or other offerings owned or controlled by third-parties. We do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for, directly or indirectly, the operation of such third-party websites, their privacy practices and/or the content (including misrepresentative or defamatory content), including (without limitation) any advertising, products, or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources; nor for any damage, loss, or offense caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on such third-party external sites or resources.
8.2 When using the Site, you agree to comply with all laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws) and not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. By way of example, you shall not: (i) post or transmit any communication or solicitation intended to obtain password, account, or private information from any Outbrain user; (ii) create or submit spam to any Outbrain users or any URL; (iii) use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Site for any purpose without our express written permission; (iv) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any activities conducted on the Site or Service; and (v) bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Site.
8.3. If any part of these Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed to be severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions of the Terms.
9. Electronic Communications.
Please send any questions or concerns regarding these Terms to
legal@outbrain.com
. By communicating with us electronically you acknowledge that communications by email are not considered confidential.
Effective November 8th 2019
Download
Table of Contents
Gambling Content
“Acceptable Gambling Content” means: (i) Content related to sports betting or casino gaming; (ii) Content providing sports betting or casino gaming related tutorials, information, or tips; and (iii)) online fantasy sports Content, or (iv) any other Content as accepted by Outbrain and aligned with its Advertising Guidelines.
Customer acknowledges and agrees that:
1) Customer has and will maintain the necessary and valid gambling license or authorization which permits Customer to operate its business and promote the Acceptable Gambling Content in the states or countries in which Customer operates and runs Acceptable Gambling Content(the “Gambling License”). Customer shall provide a copy of its Gambling License or other materials necessary for Outbrain to evaluate Customer’s ability to market with Outbrain, prior to running campaign(s) relating to Acceptable Gambling Content. Outbrain may refuse Acceptable Gambling Content for any reason, including if it is not satisfied of the validity of the Gambling License provided by the Customer; and
2) the Customer represents and warrants that it is not currently subject to any consent decree, regulatory investigation, or other legal action relating to the legality of Customer’s services and/or practices, and that its Gambling License will remain valid for the duration of its campaign(s) and all other agreements entered into between Outbrain and Customer relating to Acceptable Gambling Content; and
3) During the term of any campaign(s) relating to Acceptable Gambling Content, Customer must notify Outbrain of any a) expiration, revocation, change in status, or other actual or threatened invalidity of Customer’s Gambling License, or b) regulatory or government investigation, or legislative or legal action relating to the current or future legality of Customer’s business and/or practices or Content. Upon notification of any of the preceding events, Outbrain shall be permitted to immediately terminate or suspend any such active campaign(s) and immediately taken down any Content. In the event of such termination, Customer will remain responsible for all fees due pursuant to the agreement governing its campaign(s)and
4) Customer shall only provide Outbrain with Acceptable Gambling Content. Customer shall not promote or provide or make available Content that a) is false or misleading, including, without limitation, the advertising of overstated, inaccurate, or unrepresentative odds, prizes, or winnings; c) depicts minors or anyone appearing to be under 21; d) contains any other content which is likely to be determined as sensitive or controversial gambling content; and
5) all Acceptable Gambling Content provided by the Customer shall comply with all applicable laws, regulations, and industry guidelines; and
6) it shall at all times display responsible gambling information on its online properties including the properties to which the Acceptable Gambling Content links to; and
7) Outbrain reserves the right in its sole discretion to remove any Acceptable Gambling Content for any reason.
8) Approval of Content or administration of any campaign or Insertion Order by Outbrain does not warrant compliance with any law, regulation, industry guideline, or these terms. Customer shall remain fully responsible at all times for its Content and campaign, including with respect to any geographic, age, or demographic targeting.
9) Customer shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Outbrain and its respective agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, contractors, and Network partners (as applicable) against any and all third party claims arising from or relating to Customer’s business or the nature of its gaming services; Customer’s Content or Campaign, including without limitation the delivery of Content in violation of applicable laws or regulations; or the breach or alleged breach of any of these terms.
Please refer
here
to U.S. state-by-state guidelines.
Effective January 7th 2019
Download
Table of Contents
Gambling Content (United Kingdom Only)
“Acceptable Gambling Content” means: (i) Content related to sports betting; (ii) lottery related Content; (iii) Content providing gambling related tutorials and tips; (iv) gambling related Content such as odds and tips; and (iv) online fantasy sports Content.
Customer acknowledges and agrees that:
1) the validity of this Insertion Order is conditional on the Customer having and maintaining the necessary and valid gambling licence which permits Customer to operate its business and promote the Acceptable Gambling Content in accordance with this Insertion Order (and more particularly regarding targeting UK) (the “Gambling Licence”). Customer shall provide a copy of its Gambling Licence prior to signing an Outbrain insertion order relating to Acceptable Gambling Content. Outbrain may refuse to sign any insertion order relating to Acceptable Gambling Content if it is not satisfied of the validity of the Gambling Licence provided by the Customer; and
2) the Customer is solely responsible for ensuring that its Gambling Licence remains valid for the duration of this Insertion Order and all other insertion orders entered into between Outbrain and Customer relating to Acceptable Gambling Content; and
3) Customer shall only provide Outbrain with Acceptable Gambling Content. Customer shall not promote or provide or make available Content related to “free bets” or “free money”, content related to fixed odds betting terminals or any other Content which is likely to be classed as sensitive or controversial gambling content; and
4) all Acceptable Gambling Content provided by the Customer shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation the CAP code and the Gambling Commission’s National Gambling Industry Code for Socially Responsible Advertising); and
5) it shall at all times display responsible gambling information on its online properties including the properties to which the Acceptable Gambling Content links to; and
6) Outbrain reserves the right in its sole discretion to remove any Acceptable Gambling Content for any reason.
Effective January 7th 2019
Download
Table of Contents
LiveRamp Terms
You and/or the company you represent ("
Customer
") has opted to use certain services provided by LiveRamp Inc. (the "
LiveRamp Services
") via the Outbrain dashboard. Pursuant to Customer's use of the LiveRamp Services, the customer may use the LiveRamp Quick Onboard API Service ("
Quick Onboard Services
") which allows a Customer to upload personal data associated with a particular audience ("
Customer Data
") into the Outbrain dashboard to be passed on to LiveRamp by Outbrain. You are authorized to act on behalf of the bind Customer.
Customer acknowledges and agrees that:
Customer is prohibited from the further resale or providing access to third parties of the LiveRamp Services;
Customer is prohibited from sending the following data to LiveRamp pursuant to the LiveRamp Services including (i) a government issued identification number (ii) a financial or customer account number, including financial institution or bank account number or a credit or debit card number; (iii) information regarding an individual’s sexual orientation, religion, or health or medical condition (iv) unique biometric data or digital representation of biometric data; (v) an individual’s full date of birth; (vi) maiden name of the individual's mother; (vii) individual's digitized or other electronic signature; (viii) a user name, email address or other unique electronic identifier or routing code, which is sent in combination with a personal identification code, password, or security question and answer that would permit access to an online account, (ix) any data associated with an individual’s status as a person under the age of eighteen, or (x) any information that would permit Client to uniquely re-identify (a) specific individuals, (b) specific households or (c) groups smaller than 25 individuals or values. If Customer does transfer any of the aforementioned data, Customer shall promptly notify Outbrain in writing.
LiveRamp is the intended third party beneficiary with respect to the Customer Data and accordingly has the right to enforce these terms directly against Customer; and
Customer may only use the Quick Onboard Services for the purposes of ad targeting, suppression and measures on the Customer’s platform and no other purposes.In order for the Customer to use the LiveRamp Services, LiveRamp requires that the Customer grant Outbrain a non-exclusive, recoverable, sub-licensable license to Outbrain to (a) access, download and receive Customer Data (b) store, reproduce, modify and use Customer Data in connection with the LiveRamp Services. Any Customer Data received by Outbrain, and passed by Outbrain to LiveRamp, will be encrypted so that Outbrain will not be able to identify the Customer Data once uploaded by the Customer via the dashboard. Customer represents, warrants and undertakes that it has (a) all necessary consents, licenses and/or authority to grant Outbrain the aforementioned license in respect of the Customer Data and; (b) has the appropriate lawful basis and/or consents to allow Outbrain and LiveRamp to access and/or use such Customer Data.
In order for the Customer to use the LiveRamp Services, LiveRamp requires that the Customer grant Outbrain a non-exclusive, recoverable, sub-licensable license to Outbrain to (a) access, download and receive Customer Data (b) store, reproduce, modify and use Customer Data in connection with the LiveRamp Services. Any Customer Data received by Outbrain, and passed by Outbrain to LiveRamp, will be encrypted so that Outbrain will not be able to identify the Customer Data once uploaded by the Customer via the dashboard. Customer represents, warrants and undertakes that it has (a) all necessary consents, licenses and/or authority to grant Outbrain the aforementioned license in respect of the Customer Data and; (b) has the appropriate lawful basis and/or consents to allow Outbrain and LiveRamp to access and/or use such Customer Data.
The Customer provides such Customer Data to Outbrain at its own risk and shall indemnify, keep indemnified and hold harmless Outbrain in respect of any loss and/or damage which arises as a result of the Customer’s breach of the terms set out herein and/or in respect of any third party claim (whether by an individual, government authority or otherwise) which arises pursuant to the Customer’s use of the LiveRamp Services via the Outbrain dashboard.
Outbrain has the right, by providing at least 10 business days written notice and at its own expense, to audit the Customer’s compliance with these terms.
Engage Master Services Agreement
Engage Code on Page Terms
Engage Header Bidding Terms
Engage Video Terms
Supply Side Platform Terms
Engage Data Sharing Agreement
SSP Data Sharing Agreement
Engage Terms
Effective June 16th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
This Data Sharing Agreement (“
DSA
”) is entered into by the Outbrain entity (“
Outbrain
”) and the individual or company (the “
Partner
”) identified in the Partner Enrollment Form (governed by the applicable
Standard Partner Distribution Terms
) between the parties from time to time (together, the “
Terms
”). From the Effective Date of the applicable Partner Enrollment Form, this DSA shall apply to any and all agreements between the parties and their Affiliates from time to time.
This DSA is incorporated into the Terms (as amended from time to time) and constitutes a legally binding agreement between the parties. Collectively, the Controller SCCs (as applicable), the DSA and the Terms (or information entered through the Outbrain dashboard) are referred to as the “
Agreement
”. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between any of the terms of the Agreement the following order of precedence shall prevail: (i) the Controller SCCs (as applicable); (ii) this DSA; and (iii) the Terms.
Any capitalized terms not defined in this DSA shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Terms.
1. DEFINITIONS.
1.1. “
Affiliate(s)
” means in respect of either party at any time, any person or legal entity controlled by or controlling or under the common control of that party. Any reference to the parties shall include reference to their Affiliates;
1.2. “
Controller SCCs
” means the standard data protection clauses “MODULE ONE: Transfer controller to controller” in accordance with article 46 2. (c) GDPR adopted by the European Commission on 4 June 2021 (Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914) (as amended or superseded), containing contractual obligations on the Data Exporter and the Data Importer, and rights for EEA Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred, as amended or superseded from time to time by the European Commission;
1.3. “
Data Protection Laws
” means all laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant public authority applicable from time to time to Outbrain or Partner relating to the processing of Personal Data and the privacy of electronic communications, including U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws and EU Data Protection Laws, the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (LGPD), Federal Law no. 13,709/2018 and the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information;
1.4. “
EEA
” means the European Economic Area;
1.5. “
End Users
” shall have the same meaning as given to this term under the Terms, and, for the purpose of this DSA, are Data Subjects or Consumers;
1.6. "
EU Data Protection Laws
" means all laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant Supervisory Authority (including, in the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”)) applicable from time to time to Outbrain or Partner relating to the processing of Personal Data and the privacy of electronic communications in the EEA and the UK as amended or superseded, especially (i) the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR) and the UK Data Protection Act 2018; (ii) the Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive 2002/58/EC (as updated by Directive 2009/136/EC) (ePrivacy Directive) and the UK Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (SI 2003 No. 2426) (PECR) as updated; (iii) the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection 1992;
1.7. “
Outbrain User Data
” means Personal Data of an End User which Outbrain collects directly on Partner Sites and/or indirectly via third-party partners who connect Outbrain with Partner Sites and may include, but not be limited to: bid request unique identifier, Outbrain unique identifier, IP address, user agent data, browser and device type (desktop/mobile, brand, model, operating system and system version), application version, application ID or package name), device advertising identifiers, pages, content visited and events, time of visit, broad location, device time zone;
1.8. “
UK Adequacy Decision
” means the Commission Implementing Decision of 28 June 2021 on the adequate protection of Personal Data by the United Kingdom in accordance with article 45 GDPR;
1.9. "
U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws
" means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, the Colorado Privacy Act of 2021, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act of 2022, the Indiana Consumer Data Protection Act of 2023, the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act of 2023, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act of 2023, the Tennessee Information Protection Act of 2023, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act of 2022, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act  of 2021 and all other U.S. privacy laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant public authority applicable from time to time to Outbrain or Partner relating to the processing of Personal Information and the privacy of electronic communications, as amended or superseded by any federal, state or national law, regulation or regulatory guidance;
1.10. "
Controller
", “
Joint Controller
”, "
Processor
", “
Data Protection Impact Assessment
”, "
Data
Subject
", “
Personal Data Breach
”, "
Special Categories of Personal Data
" and “
Supervisory Authority
” shall have the meanings given in EU Data Protection Laws;
1.11. “
sale
”
(including the terms “sell,” “selling,” “sold,” and other variations thereof, including renting, disclosing, releasing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration), “
Consumer
”,
“Business
”, “
Third Party
”
and
“
Service Provider
”
shall have the meanings given to those terms under U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws, as applicable; and
1.12. “
Personal Data
” (and any variation thereof, including “Personal Information” under U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws) and “
process
”(including “processing”), shall have the meaning given under the applicable Data Protection Laws.
2. PURPOSE OF PROCESSING.
The parties collect and process Personal Data for the purposes of delivering Recommendations to End Users.
Outbrain processes Outbrain User Data for the following purposes: (i) storing and/or accessing information on a device; (ii) using limited data to select advertising; (iii) creating profiles for personalized advertising; (iv) using profiles to select personalized advertising; (v) creating profiles to personalize content; (vi) using profiles to select personalized content; (vii) measuring advertising performance; (viii) measuring content performance; (ix) understanding audiences through statistics; (x) developing and improving services; (xi) using limited data to select content; (xii) ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud, and fixing errors; and (xiii) delivering and presenting advertising and content.
3. U.S. CONSUMER PRIVACY LAWS AND EU DATA PROTECTION LAWS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS.
3.1. Specific provisions applicable to U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws are located in
Sections 4.2 and 5.2 (iv)
.
3.2. Specific provisions applicable to EU Data protection Laws are located in
Sections 4.3, 5.2 (ii) and 11
.
4. ROLE OF PARTIES.
4.1. Each party shall comply with all relevant provisions of Data Protection Laws as it applies to matters under the Agreement and ensure that they process Personal Data fairly and lawfully in accordance with Data Protection Laws as applicable in the provision and receipt of the Technology.
4.2. Insofar as  U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws are applicable to the Service, Outbrain and Partner will be considered independent Businesses for the collection, processing and selling of any Personal Information, and no party shall be considered a Service Provider on anyone’s behalf, unless as strictly required under applicable U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws. In such case, the
IAB Multi-State Privacy Agreement
(the most recent version or successor thereto) shall be incorporated by reference into this DSA and shall govern the relationship between the parties with Partner as Business and Outbrain as Service Provider exclusively in respect of opted out traffic in the U.S., as applicable.
4.3. Insofar as EU Data Protection Laws are applicable to the Technology, the parties shall be deemed Joint Controllers under Article 26 GDPR solely with regards to the collection of Outbrain User Data through the implementation of the Technology on Partner Sites, and the parties shall be deemed independent Controllers for any further processing activity.
4.4. Each party shall remain solely and exclusively responsible for determining the means and purposes of processing for its respective processing activities.
5. PARTNER’S OBLIGATIONS.
5.1. Partner is responsible for implementing the Technology on Partner Sites in accordance with the Agreement and Data Protection Laws.
5.2. Partner shall:
(i) disclose, via an appropriate privacy notice, Outbrain to End Users as a Business or Controller collecting Personal Data for the purposes of delivering Recommendations as set out in
Section 2.
;
(ii) collect End Users’ consent choices via a consent management platform using the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework v2.2 (the most recent version or successor thereto) and pass Outbrain valid “consent”/”no consent” strings. The Partner must not, at any time, send Outbrain “null” or “invalid” signals;
(iii) provide a user choice mechanism such as the opt out page(s) of the
Network Advertising Initiative
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance
or the
European Digital Advertising Alliance
, as applicable; and
(iv) Insofar as U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws are applicable to the Service, collect “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” or equivalent opt out choices via a consent management platform using the IAB Global Privacy Platform (the most recent version or successor thereto) and pass Outbrain valid “yes”/”no” strings.
5.3. Partner shall at all times satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for the processing of Personal Data. In any event, where an End User opted out or withdrew their consent to personalized advertising and/or the sharing their Personal Data with Outbrain through a mechanism alerting only the Partner (instead of Outbrain), such as device settings, Partner must not share such Personal Data with Outbrain.
6. OUTBRAIN’S OBLIGATIONS.
6.1. Outbrain shall disclose, via an appropriate privacy notice, all information relating to processing activities where the Personal Data is collected directly from the End User or where such Personal Data is collected via third parties, as required under Data Protection Laws. This information is available on
Outbrain’s Privacy Policy
.
6.2. Outbrain shall at all times satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for the processing of Outbrain User Data.
6.3. Outbrain shall comply with requests from End Users to exercise their rights under relevant Data Protection Laws, without undue delay and within the required time limits. Requests relating to right to access, erasure, withdrawing consent, objecting to profiling, or ”Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” can be exercised directly on
Outbrain Interest Profile
.
7. COOPERATION.
7.1. Each party shall develop, implement, and regularly review procedures to ensure they meet their respective obligations under Data Protection Laws.
7.2. Each party shall immediately inform the other party if any activity pursuant to the Agreement infringes any part of Data Protection Laws, and the parties shall review such activity accordingly. If during the term, Data Protection Laws change in a way that this DSA is no longer adequate for performing the processing activities necessary to the Terms, the parties agree to promptly negotiate in good faith to review this DSA in light of such changes.
7.3. In the event that either party receives any correspondence, enquiry or complaint from an End User, Supervisory Authority or any other third party related to the disclosure or processing of Personal Data pursuant to this DSA, or requests information from the other party when performing a Data Protection Impact Assessment, it shall promptly inform the other party giving full details of the same, and the other party shall provide such assistance as reasonably required (at each party’s sole cost and expense) and in good faith in order to respond in accordance with any requirements under Data Protection Laws.
8. DATA SECURITY.
8.1. Each party shall implement and maintain such appropriate technical and organizational measures as required by Data Protection Laws to ensure that the Personal Data is processed in a secure manner, including (but not limited to) (i) the pseudonymization and encryption of Personal Data; (ii) ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of the services provided under the Agreement, including the ability to restore availability of, and access to, Personal Data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident; (iii) a process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures for ensuring the security of the processing; and (iv) regularly carrying information security risk assessments that take account of risk of accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Data.
8.2. An overview of Outbrain’s appropriate technical and organizational security measures are described on
Outbrain’s Security page
.
8.3. Upon becoming aware of a suspected or confirmed Personal Data Breach or Security Incident involving Outbrain User Data collected pursuant to this DSA, each party shall notify the other party without any undue delay, and provide such assistance as reasonably required to allow the other party to comply with its respective obligations under Data Protection Laws.
9. PERSONNEL.
Each party shall be responsible for ensuring that staff members are appropriately trained to handle and process the Personal Data in accordance with their internal technical and organizational security measures, where relevant, together with Data Protection Laws, and have entered into confidentiality agreements relating to the processing of Personal Data.
10. PROCESSORS – SERVICE PROVIDERS.
Each party shall remain independently responsible for appointing its respective Processors and/or Service Providers in accordance with Data Protection Laws.
11. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS.
11.1. Insofar as Personal Data is collected from End Users located within the territory of the EEA or the UK by either party during the course of the Agreement, neither party shall process any Personal Data (nor permit any Personal Data to be processed) in a country outside of the EEA or the UK unless: (i) that country has been designated by the European Commission or the ICO (as applicable) as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Data; or (ii) it has taken such measures as necessary to ensure the transfer is compliant with EU Data Protection Laws.
11.2. The parties agree that for the purposes of any transfer of Personal Data from Partner to Outbrain collected within the EEA to the UK, the requirements of the clause above shall be fully satisfied by the UK Adequacy Decision.
11.3. Outbrain shall be responsible for the onward transfer of Personal Data from the UK to any third party country outside of the EEA as required by (a) the UK Adequacy Decision and/or (b) EU Data Protection Laws, as applicable.
11.4. Within its Affiliates, Outbrain has entered into adequate intragroup data sharing agreements including supplementary measures complying with all requirements of EU Data Protection Laws, which consist of (i) encryption in transit ; (ii) pseudonymization; and (iii) not having received any legally binding request from a public authority, including judicial authorities, under the laws of the country of destination and not being aware of any direct access by public authorities.
11.5. In the event that the UK Adequacy Decision as the lawful ground for international transfers from the EEA to third party countries is no longer applicable, the parties agree that the Controller SCCs shall be incorporated by reference into this DSA and shall govern any international transfer of Personal Data outside of the EEA. For the purpose of the Controller SCCs, the parties fully agree that:
(i) Partner is the "Data Exporter" and Outbrain, the "Data Importer";
(ii) Clause 7 “Docking clause” is deleted;
(iii) The OPTION under Clause 11 “Redress” is deleted;
(iv) Clause 17 “Governing Law” is completed with “Republic of Ireland”
(v) Clause 18 (b) “Choice of forum and jurisdiction” is completed with “Dublin, Republic of Ireland”;
(vi) Annex I to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed with Annex I to this DSA; and
(vii) Annex II to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed by
Outbrain’s Security page
.
12. TERM AND TERMINATION.
This DSA shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue as long as the Partner uses the Technology.
13. DATA RETENTION.
Outbrain shall not retain any individual data point collected in relation to the Technology for longer than 13 months, unless it constitutes anonymous data.
14. MISCELLANEOUS.
14.1. Neither party shall be in breach of this DSA nor liable for delay in performing, or failure to perform, any of its obligations under the Agreement if such delay or failure results from events, circumstances or causes beyond its reasonable control.
14.2. Failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy under this DSA shall not constitute a waiver of such (or any other) right or remedy under this DSA, the Agreement or Data Protection Laws.
14.3. Partner shall not assign or otherwise transfer its rights or its obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Outbrain.
14.4 Except as expressly stated otherwise and to the extent applicable under Data Protection Laws, nothing in this DSA shall create or confer any rights or other benefits in favor of any person other than a party to this DSA.
14.5. The invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of any term of this DSA shall not affect the remainder of the DSA.
14.6. This DSA shall be governed by the laws specified in the applicable Partner Enrollment Form.
ANNEX I
Description of Processing Activities
This Annex forms part of the DSA and describes the processing of Personal Data by Outbrain. When Section 11.5 of the DSA applies, Annex I to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed with this Annex.
A. LIST OF PARTIES
Data Exporter:
Partner name, address and contact details as stated in the Partner Enrollment Form.
Activities relevant to the data transferred: Digital services or media delivered through a website or mobile application on which Partner has ownership and control.
Joint Controller (collection) and independent Controller (any other processing).
Data Importer:
Outbrain with address and contact details as stated in the Partner Enrollment Form.
Activities relevant to the data transferred: Digital advertising services.
Joint Controller (collection) and independent Controller (any other processing).
B. DESCRIPTION OF TRANSFER
Categories of Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred:
End Users (Data Subjects who visit or use Partner Sites or interact with Recommendations served by Outbrain on Partner Sites).
Categories of Personal Data transferred:
Bid request unique identifier
Outbrain unique identifier
IP address
User Agent data, browser and device type (desktop/mobile, brand, model, operating system and system version), application version, application ID or package name)
Device advertising identifiers
Pages, content visited and events
Time of visit
Broad location
Device time zone
Sensitive data transferred:
No Special Categories of Personal Data are transferred.
Frequency of the transfer:
Real time,
continuous basis.
Nature of the processing:
Receiving data, including collection, accessing, retrieval, recording, and data entry;
Holding data, including storage, organization and structuring;
Using data, including analyzing, consultation, testing, automated decision making and profiling;
Updating data, including correcting, adaptation, alteration, alignment and combination;
Protecting data, including restricting, encrypting, and security testing;
Sharing data, including disclosure, dissemination, allowing access or otherwise making available;
Returning data to the Data Exporter or Data Subject;
Erasing data, including destruction and deletion.
Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further processing:
Digital advertising services, which include:
Storing and/or accessing information on a device;
Using limited data to select advertising;
Creating profiles for personalized advertising;
Using profiles to select personalized advertising;
Creating profiles to personalize content;
Using profiles to select personalized content;
Measuring advertising performance;
Measuring content performance;
Understanding audiences through statistics;
Developing and improving services;
Using limited data to select content;
Ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud, and fixing errors; and
Delivering and presenting advertising and content.
Retention period:
An individual data point is retained for no longer than
13 months.
Recipients:
The subject matter, nature and duration can be found on the
Outbrain Trusted Partners page
.
C. COMPETENT SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
In the UK: The Information Commissioner’s Office.
In the EEA: The Supervisory Authority of the Member State of the Partner’s Registered Address as stated in the Partner Enrollment Form, or, if not applicable, the Supervisory Authority of the Member State in which the Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred under this Agreement in relation to the Technology are located.
Effective October 24th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Outbrain Inc. – Gambling Chart (United States)
STATE
DAILY FANTASY SPORTS (DFS) PERMITTED
ONLINE SPORTS BETTING PERMITTED
ONLINE CASINO GAMBLING PERMITTED
DOES THE STATE REQUIRE A VENDOR LICENCE?
Alabama
YES
N/A
NO
N/A
Alaska
YES
N/A
NO
N/A
Arizona
YES
YES
NO
NO
Arkansas
YES
YES
NO
YES, if over $150,000
California
YES
N/A
NO
N/A
Colorado
YES
YES
NO
YES (VENDOR MINOR LICENSE)
Connecticut
YES
YES
YES
N/A
Delaware
YES
NO
YES
NO
District of Columbia
YES
YES
NO
NO
Florida
YES
N/A
NO
N/A
Georgia
YES
N/A
NO
N/A
Hawaii
NO
N/A
NO
N/A
Idaho
NO
N/A
NO
N/A
Illinois
YES
YES
NO
NO
Indiana
YES
YES
NO
YES (SPORTS WAGERING REGISTRANT)
Iowa
YES
YES
NO
NO
Kansas
YES
YES
NO
NO
Kentucky
YES
YES
NO
NO
Louisiana
YES
YES
NO
NO
Maine
YES
YES
NO
NO
Maryland
YES
YES
NO
NO
Massachusetts
YES
YES
NO
YES
Michigan
YES
YES
YES
YES
Minnesota
YES
N/A
NO
N/A
Mississippi
YES
YES (IN-CASINO ONLY)
NO
NO
Missouri
YES
N/A
NO
N/A
Montana
NO
YES (IN-LOCATION ONLY)
NO
NO
Nebraska
YES
NO
NO
N/A
Nevada
NO
YES
YES
NO
New Hampshire
YES
YES
NO
NO
New Jersey
YES
YES
YES
YES
New Mexico
YES
NO
NO
NO
New York
YES
YES
NO
NO
North Carolina
YES
NO
NO
NO
North Dakota
YES
NO
NO
NO
Ohio
YES
YES
NO
NO
Oklahoma
YES
N/A
NO
N/A
Oregon
YES
YES
NO
NO
Pennsylvania
YES
YES
YES
YES (if over $100,000)
Rhode Island
YES
YES
NO
NO
South Carolina
YES
N/A
NO
N/A
South Dakota
YES
NO
NO
NO
Tennessee
YES
YES
NO
NO
Texas
YES
N/A
NO
N/A
Utah
YES
N/A
NO
N/A
Vermont
YES
NO
NO
N/A
Virginia
YES
YES
NO
YES (VENDOR’S LICENSE)
Washington
NO
YES (IN TRIBAL AREAS ONLY)
NO
NO
West Virginia
YES
YES
YES
NO
Wisconsin
YES
YES (IN TRIBAL AREAS ONLY)
NO
NO
Wyoming
YES
YES
NO
NO
“
DFS
” stands for “
Daily Fantasy Sports
,” but is used here to include all formats of paid fantasy sports games/contests (
i.e.
, season-long or daily). Paid fantasy sports games are contests with an entry fee in which participants select virtual teams based on real athletes. The participants and their virtual teams earn points based on the performance of real players in actual athletic events. Examples of paid fantasy sports operators include FanDuel, DraftKings, Yahoo! Sports, and FantasyDraft.
Sports betting
is a form of gambling based primarily on chance, in which participants wager on the occurrence (or non-occurrence) or outcome of a specific athletic event or act. Examples of sports betting providers include William Hill Sportsbook, Caesars Sportsbook, 888sport, BetAmerica, FanDuel Sportsbook, and DraftKings Sportsbook. Note that some companies operate in both verticals (
e.g.
, FanDuel and DraftKings), but the universe of DFS operators is larger than that of state-licensed sports betting providers.
Online casino gambling
is used here to refer to traditional betting games normally found in a casino, but which are played in a purely digital, online environment.
Effective February 16th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Please note that Outbrain Security page has moved here:
https://www.outbrain.com/
security/
Effective November 4th 2019
Download
Table of Contents
COMMISSION - Rates are to be non-commissionable.
RELEASE FROM OBLIGATION- Supplier acknowledges that Outbrain’s performance of this Agreement is contingent upon the availability and suitability of facilities provided by this Hotel, and the Hotel agrees that Outbrain shall be released from any duties or performance of this Agreement should the facilities of this hotel be rendered unavailable or deemed unsuitable for Outbrain during the dates of this Agreement –i.e. room renovations, any fire or building code, and that it will maintain appropriate insurance.
INSURANCE-Supplier represents and warrants that it is and will remain in full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations relating to safety, including, without limitation, any fire or building code, and that it will maintain appropriate insurance.
INDEMNIFICATION- The Supplier shall indemnify and hold harmless Outbrain, its employees and officers against all loss, liability, expense, damage, claims or suits on account of any (i)  injury to the person or property of any registrant, guest or employees of Outbrain staffing arising out of the negligence or willful misconduct of the Supplier, its agents or employees, unless the same is caused by the gross negligent  or willful misconduct of Outbrain; ii) arising out of any actual or threatened breach by Supplier of its confidentiality obligations under this Agreement and (iii) imposed on or incurred by Outbrain due to any violation of applicable laws, rules and regulations by the Supplier, including without limitation, actual or threatened breach of data protection laws and Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and applicable anticorruption laws.
LIMIT OF LIABILITY - In no event shall either party be liable to the other party or any other person or entity for any special, exemplary, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, lost revenues, profits,  savings or business, or contribution or indemnity in respect of any claim against the party) or loss of records or data, whether in an action based on contract, warranty, strict liability, tort (including, without limitation, negligence) or otherwise, even if such party has been informed in advance of the possibility of such damages or such damages could have been reasonably foreseen by such party. In no event shall Outbrain’s liability to Supplier or any other person or entity arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the Services exceed, in the aggregate, the total fees payable by Outbrain to Supplier in the twelve months (12) months immediately preceding the date on which such damage arose.
CONFIDENTIALITY- Each party agrees to maintain the confidentiality of any information and/or the contents of any documents provided/made available to it by the other in connection with this Agreement and shall not, without the prior consent of the other, disclose the same to any third party unless it is required under any statute or by any statutory authority.
GOVERNING LAW- This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.  Any action or proceeding arising from or relating to this Agreement must be brought in a federal court in the Southern District of New York or in state court in New York County, New York, and each party irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction and venue of any such court in any such action or proceeding.  The parties are independent contractors, and nothing in this Agreement will be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, agency or other relationship between the parties.
Hotel agrees to honor the pricing, terms, and amenities as offered in Lanyon.
Effective December 11th 2019
Download
Table of Contents
Amplify API Terms of Use
Thank you for using the Outbrain application programming interfaces (the “Outbrain APIs”). By using the Outbrain APIs, you agree to the terms below. Outbrain reserves the right to update and change these terms from time to time without notice.
1. Licensed Uses and Restrictions.
The Outbrain APIs are owned by Outbrain and are licensed to you on a worldwide (except as limited below), non-exclusive, non-sublicenseable basis on the terms and conditions set forth herein. These terms define legal use of the Outbrain APIs, including all updates, revisions, substitutions, and any copies of the Outbrain APIs made by or for you. All rights not expressly granted to you are reserved by Outbrain. You shall not:
(a) Use the Outbrain APIs to spam or otherwise harass others.
(b) Attempt to cloak or conceal your identity or your application’s identity when requesting authorization to use Outbrain APIs.
(c) Use the Outbrain APIs for any application that constitutes, promotes or is used in connection with spyware, adware, or any other malicious programs or code.
(d) Use the Outbrain APIs in any manner or for any purpose that violates any law or regulation, or any rights of any person, including but not limited to intellectual property rights, rights of privacy, or rights of personality.
(e) Use the Outbrain APIs in a manner that adversely impacts the stability of Outbrain’s servers or adversely impacts the behavior of other applications using the Outbrain APIs. Further, Outbrain reserves the right to rate limit or block applications that make a large number of calls to the API that are not primarily in response to direct user actions.
(f) Sell, lease, or sublicense the Outbrain APIs or access thereto or derive revenues from the use or provision of the Outbrain APIs, whether for direct commercial or monetary gain or otherwise, except as set forth below.
(g) Use the Outbrain APIs for any other purpose other than reviewing or analyzing your campaign performance.
2. Brand Assets.
Outbrain grants to you a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty free license to use, reproduce, publish, perform and display Outbrain’s trademarks, service marks and logos (collectively, “
Outbrain Marks
”), strictly in accordance with your obligations and rights hereof. You agree to adhere to Outbrain’s style guide with any use of the Outbrain Marks. Any deviation therefrom shall be subject to Outbrain’s sole discretion and prior written consent. All goodwill arising out of your use of any of the Outbrain Marks shall inure solely to the benefit of Outbrain.
3. Ownership and Relationship of Parties.
The Outbrain APIs may be protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, international treaties, and/or other proprietary rights and laws of the U.S. and other countries. Outbrain’s rights apply to the Outbrain APIs and all output and executables of the Outbrain APIs, excluding any software components developed by you which do not themselves incorporate the Outbrain APIs or any output or executables of the Outbrain APIs. You agree to abide by all applicable proprietary rights laws and other laws, as well as any additional copyright notices or restrictions contained in these terms. Outbrain owns all rights, title, and interest in and to the Outbrain APIs. These terms grant you no right, title, or interest in any intellectual property owned or licensed by Outbrain, including (but not limited to) the Outbrain APIs and Outbrain Marks. You shall properly disclose in your application via your online privacy policy or otherwise that you are utilizing Outbrain APIs.
4. Support.
Outbrain may elect to provide you with support or modifications for the Outbrain APIs (collectively, “
Support
”), in its sole discretion, and may terminate such Support at any time without notice to you. Outbrain may change, suspend, or discontinue any aspect of the Outbrain APIs at any time, including the availability of any Outbrain APIs. Outbrain may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Outbrain APIs or the Outbrain web site without notice or liability.
5. Fees and Payments.
Outbrain is committed to free and open access to our APIs. However, providing the APIs does have real costs for Outbrain. For uses of Outbrain APIs over a certain rate or for certain types of commercial applications, Outbrain reserves the right to charge fees for future use of or access to the Outbrain APIs. Outbrain will provide prior written notice of any decision to charge Partner for its particular use.
6. Term.
The license granted for the Outbrain APIs hereunder shall continue until terminated by either party. You may terminate the license by discontinuing use of all or any of the Outbrain APIs. Outbrain may terminate the license at any time for any reason. Your rights to use the Outbrain APIs terminate automatically if (i) you violate any of these terms, (ii) Outbrain sends a written notice of termination to you, or (iii) Outbrain disables your access to the Outbrain APIs.
7. Disclaimer of Any Warranty.
Some of the Outbrain APIs may be experimental and not tested in any manner. Outbrain does not represent or warrant that any Outbrain APIs are free of inaccuracies, errors, bugs, or interruptions, or are reliable, accurate, complete, or otherwise valid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Outbrain will use best efforts to correct any inaccuracies, errors, bugs, or interruptions to the Outbrain APIs in a timely manner.
The Outbrain APIs are provided “as is” with no warranty, express or implied, of any kind and Outbrain expressly disclaims any and all warranties and conditions, including, but not limited to, any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, availability, security, title and/or non-infringement.
Your use of the Outbrain APIs is at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage that results from the use of any Outbrain APIs including, but not limited to, any damage to your computer system or loss of data.
8. Limitation of Liability.
Outbrain shall not, under any circumstances, be liable to you for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising out of or in connection with use of the Outbrain APIs, whether based on breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort (including negligence, product liability or otherwise), or any other pecuniary loss, whether or not Outbrain has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Under no circumstances shall Outbrain be liable to you for any amount.
9. Exclusions and Limitations.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations of sections 6 and 7 may not apply to you.
10. Release and Waiver.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you hereby release and waive all claims against Outbrain, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, licensors, co-branders or other partners, and employees from any and all liability for claims, damages (actual and/or consequential), costs and expenses (including litigation costs and attorneys’ fees) of every kind and nature, arising from or in any way related to your use of the Outbrain APIs. If you are a California resident, you waive your rights under California Civil Code 1542, which states, “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.” You understand that any fact relating to any matter covered by this release may be found to be other than now believed to be true and you accept and assume the risk of such possible differences in fact. In addition, you expressly waive and relinquish any and all rights and benefits that you may have under any other state or federal statute or common law principle of similar effect, to the fullest extent permitted by law.
11. Hold Harmless and Indemnity.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to hold harmless and indemnify Outbrain and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, licensors, co-branders or other partners, and employees from and against any third-party claim arising from or in any way related to your use of the Outbrain APIs, including any liability or expense arising from all claims, losses, damages (actual and/or consequential), suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys’ fees, of every kind and nature. Outbrain shall use good faith efforts to provide you with written notice of such claim, suit or action.
12. General Terms.
Relationship of the Parties
. Notwithstanding any provision hereof, for all purposes hereof, you and Outbrain shall be and act independently and not as partner, joint venturer, agent, employee or employer of the other. You shall not have any authority to assume or create any obligation for or on behalf of Outbrain, express or implied, and you shall not attempt to bind Outbrain to any contract.
Invalidity of Specific Terms
. If any provision hereof is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision and that the other provisions remain in full force and effect.
Location of Lawsuit and Choice of Law
. These terms and the relationship between you and Outbrain shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and Outbrain agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of New York.
No Waiver of Rights by Outbrain
. Outbrain’s failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision hereof shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Miscellaneous
. The section headings and subheadings contained in this agreement are included for convenience only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect the terms herein. Any construction or interpretation to be made hereof shall not be construed against the drafter.
Effective February 16th 2021
Download
Table of Contents
ACORDO DE   PROCESSAMENTO DE DADOS
Este Acordo de Processamento de Dados (“
APD
”) é celebrado entre a Outbrain (“
Outbrain
”) e o indivíduo ou empresa (“
Divulgador
”) devidamente identificado no Contrato de Distribuição (regido também   pelos Termos de Uso Padrão) firmado entre as partes de tempos em tempos (aqui denominados
“Termos”
)
.
Este APD tem aplicação desde a “
Data Vigência
” do Contrato de Distribuição, firmado entre as partes, e deve vigorar para todos os demais contratos firmados entre as partes e suas Afiliadas de tempos em tempos.
Este APD é incorporado aos Termos (conforme alterado de tempos em tempos) e constitui um contrato legalmente vigente entre as partes. Coletivamente, o SCCs do Controlador, o APD e os Termos (ou informações inseridas por meio do painel de controle da Outbrain) são coletivamente referidos como o “Contrato”. Em caso de conflito ou inconsistência entre qualquer um dos termos do Contrato, a seguinte ordem de precedência prevalecerá: (i) as SCCs do Controlador, (ii) este APD; e (iii) os Termos.
1. DEFINIÇÕES
1.1.
“Afiliada(s)”
”significa qualquer pessoa física ou jurídica controlada ou controladora ou sob o controle comum e, a qualquer momento, de qualquer uma das partes. Qualquer referência às partes, no Contrato, incluiu também referência às suas Afiliadas;
1.2.
"Leis de Proteção de Dados
" significa quaisquer leis aplicáveis, regras emitidas pelo governo, regulamentos, diretivas e requerimentos (conforme alterados de tempos em tempos) relacionadas à privacidade de Dados Pessoais e aplicáveis à Outbrain ou ao Divulgador incluindo-se, mas não se limitando, à Lei de 2018 de Privacidade do Consumidor da Califórnia e quaisquer alterações e regulamentos emitidos de acordo com a mesma ("CCPA") e as Leis de Proteção de Dados da UE.
1.3. “
EEE”
significa as Áreas Econômicas Européias;
1.4.
"Leis de proteção de dados da UE"
significam (i) os Regulamento 2016/679 do Parlamento Europeu e do Conselho sobre a proteção de pessoas naturais, no que diz respeito ao Processamento de Dados Pessoais e sobre a livre circulação de tais dados (Regulamento Geral de Proteção de Dados) (o "GDPR"); (ii) a Diretiva de E-Privacidade Eletrônica da UE (Diretiva 2002/58/CE); e (iii) todas e quaisquer leis nacionais de proteção de dados aplicáveis em conformidade com os itens (i) ou (ii) acima (incluindo, após o Brexit, as leis nacionais de proteção de dados do Reino Unido); em cada caso, conforme possa ser alterada ou substituída de tempos em tempos; e
1.5. "
Dados do Usuário da Outbrain
" significam Dados Pessoais de um Titular dos Dados que a Outbrain coleta do Titular dos Dados diretamente de seus parceiros Divulgadores e/ou terceiros que conectam Outbrain com os Divulgadores e podem incluir, mas não se limitam a identificadores de dispositivo, endereço IP de dados e dados do agente de usuário;
1.6. "
controlador", "processador", "titular dos dados
"
e "categorias especiais de dados pessoais
" tem os significados dados na Lei de Proteção de Dados da UE;
1.7.
“venda”
(incluindo-se os termos “vender”, “vendendo”, “vendeu” e outras variações), “
consumidor
” e “
empresa
” terão os significados atribuídos a esses termos em conformidade com a CCPA; e
1.8.
“Dados pessoais”
(e quaisquer variações dos mesmos, incluindo “informações pessoais”) e
“processo”
(incluindo “processamento”), terão o significado atribuído nas Leis de Proteção de Dados aplicáveis.
2. NATUREZA E ESCOPO DO PROCESSAMENTO.
A Outbrain processa os Dados de Usuário da Outbrain com o propósito de (i) armazenar e/ou acessar informações de um dispositivo; (ii) selecionar anúncios básicos e personalizados ou conteúdo personalizado; (iii) criar anúncios personalizados e/ou perfil de conteúdo; (iv) medir o desempenho do anúncio e do conteúdo; (v) aplicar pesquisas de mercado para gerar percepções do público; e (vi) desenvolvimento e aprimoramento de produtos.
3
. FUNÇÃO DAS PARTES.
As partes reconhecem e concordam que relativamente aos Dados Pessoais da Outbrain cada uma delas é considerada controladora e empresa, conforme definido nos termos das Leis de Proteção de Dados aplicáveis. Cada parte será individualmente e separadamente responsável pelo cumprimento das obrigações que se aplicam a ela de acordo com a Lei de Proteção de Dados aplicáveis. Na medida em que Outbrain receber e interpretar sinais de consentimento de mecanismos de gerenciamento de consentimento (incluindo, mas não se limitando a, IAB CCPA Compliance Framework), a Outbrain fará isso com o objetivo de obedecer a escolha do consumidor ou titular dos dados não devendo ser de nenhuma forma considerada provedora de serviços ou processador em nome de qualquer pessoa.
4.
COOPERAÇÃO.
No caso de qualquer uma das partes receber correspondências, consultas ou reclamações de um titular dos dados, reguladores ou terceiros relativamente à divulgação ou processamento de Dados Pessoais, de acordo com este APD, a parte obriga-se a informar imediatamente a outra parte de todos os detalhes do que foi recebido, sendo que as partes devem cooperar e agir de boa fé para responder o que foi recebido em conformidade com determinado nas Leis de Proteção de Dados. O e-mail de contato da Outbrain para questões relacionadas aos direitos do titular dos dados é
privacyquestions@outbrain.com
ou, se um Titular dos dados solicitar o cancelamento dos anúncios personalizados do Outbrain o Cliente deverá direcionar o Titular dos Dados para o
Perfil de Interesse do Outbrain
.
5. TRANSPARÊNCIA
. As partes reconhecem que estão obrigadas a cumprir as obrigações de transparência de Dados Pessoais processados e  obtidos diretamente do Titular dos Dados ou quando tais Dados Pessoais forem obtidos de terceiros. No que diz respeito aos Dados do Usuário da Outbrain, a Outbrain coleta esses dados diretamente de sites ou aplicativos do Divulgador ou através de parceiros terceirizados que conectam a Outbrain à sites ou aplicativos do Divulgador. O Divulgador reconhece, declara e compromete-se a (i) satisfazer todos os requisitos legais e legislações aplicáveis ao Processamento de Dados Pessoais; (ii) informar à Outbrain aos usuários por meio de avisos de privacidade apropriados (iii) quando necessário, o Divulgador  deve coletar o consentimento por meio de uma plataforma de gerenciamento de consentimento usando a Estrutura de Transparência e Consentimento do IAB (a versão mais recente ou sucessora) e enviar à Outbrain um consentimento claro ou sinal de não consentimento (ou seja, o Divulgador não deve enviar ao Outbrain um sinal nulo ou inválido); (iv), para fins da CCPA, o Divulgador deve enviar sinais de exclusão para Outbrain usando a estrutura CCPA do IAB; e (v) o Divulgador deve fornecer um mecanismo de escolha do usuário, como a(s) página(s) de exclusão da Network Advertising Initiative, da Digital Advertising Alliance, da European Digital Advertising Alliance.
6. SEGURANÇA DE DADOS.
Cada parte deverá manter medidas técnicas e organizacionais adequadas para a proteção da segurança, confidencialidade e integridade dos Dados Pessoais.
7. TRANSFERÊNCIAS INTERNACIONAIS.
7.1. Nenhuma das partes deve processar quaisquer Dados (nem permitir que quaisquer Dados sejam processados) em países fora do EEE ou (após Brexit) fora do Reino Unido, salvo se: (a) esse país não tenha sido designado pela Comissão Européia ou pela Autoridade da Proteção de Dados do Reino Unido (conforme aplicável) para fornecer um nível adequado de proteção para Dados; ou (b) tenha tomado as medidas necessárias para garantir que a transferência de dados esteja em conformidade com as Leis de Proteção de Dados Aplicáveis.
7.2. As Partes concordam que, para efeitos de qualquer transferência de Dados Pessoais do Divulgador para o Outbrain, os requisitos da Seção 7.1 devem ser atendidos da seguinte forma: (a) as cláusulas contratuais padrão da Comissão Européia de 2004 para transferências de controlador para controlador (conforme alterado ou substituído ) (as "SCCs do controlador") são incorporadas a este Contrato por meio de referência e devem reger qualquer processamento internacional de Dados fora do EEE ou do Reino Unido (conforme aplicável) e descrito na Seção 7.1; (b) para os fins dos SCCs do Controlador, o Divulgador será considerado o "exportador de dados" e a Outbrain, o "importador de dados"; e (c) o Anexo B aos SCCs do Controlador será considerado como tendo sido concluído com a descrição do processamento de dados estabelecida no
Anexo A
deste APD. No caso de as SCCs do Controlador serem alteradas ou atualizadas, pelas autoridades de proteção de dados, as partes concordam que tais cláusulas alteradas ou atualizadas devem ser observadas.
8. PRAZO E RESCISÃO
. Este APD tem início na Data de Vigência e deve vigorar até enquanto o Divulgador utilizar os serviços da Outbrain.
9.
Condições Gerais
.
9.1. Nenhuma das Partes será considerada inadimplente relativamente a este APD ou responsável pelo atraso na execução ou falha no cumprimento de qualquer uma de suas obrigações, nos termos do Contrato, se tal atraso ou falha resultar de eventos, circunstâncias ou causas além do razoável controle das partes.
9.2. A falha ou atraso no exercício de quaisquer direitos ou remédios jurídicos em conformidade com este APD não constituirá renúncia de tal (ou qualquer outro) direito ou remédio jurídico pela parte.
9.3. O Divulgador obriga-se a não ceder ou transferir seus direitos ou obrigações previstos neste Contrato, no todo ou em parte, sem o consentimento prévio por escrito da Outbrain.
9.4. Exceto quando expressamente declarado de outra forma nada neste APD cria ou confere quaisquer direitos ou outros benefícios em favor de terceiros que não sejam partes neste APD.
9.5. A invalidade, ilegalidade ou inexequibilidade de qualquer termo deste APD não afetará o restante deste APD.
9.6. Este APD será regido pelas leis especificadas no Contrato de Distribuição aplicável
Anexo A
Descrição de processamento de dados
Este Anexo faz parte do APD e descreve o processamento de Dados Pessoais pela Outbrain.
Exportador de dados
: Divulgador (Controlador)
Importador de dados
: Outbrain (Controlador)
Titular dos dados.
Usuários finais
Finalidades do processamento.
A Outbrain processa os Dados de Usuário da Outbrain com o propósito de (i) armazenar e/ou acessar informações de um dispositivo (ii) selecionar anúncios básicos e personalizados ou conteúdo personalizado (iii) criar anúncios personalizados e/ou perfil de conteúdo; (iv) medir o desempenho do anúncio e do conteúdo (v) aplicar pesquisas de mercado para gerar percepções do público; e (vi) desenvolvimento e aprimoramento de produtos.
Categorias de Dados Pessoais
Os Dados processados dizem respeito às seguintes categorias de dados pessoais:
• Identificador exclusivo da solicitação de lance
• Endereço de IP
• Identificadores de dispositivo e publicidade
• Navegador e tipo de dispositivo (desktop/ celular, marca, modelo, sistema operacional)
• Localização do dispositivo
• Fuso horário do dispositivo
• Propriedade digital / conteúdo visitado e eventos
Destinatários
Os dados processados podem ser divulgados apenas para os seguintes destinatários ou categorias de destinatários:
• Nossos
Divulgadores
de confiança;
Categorias especiais de dados
N/A
Effective March 8th 2021
Download
Table of Contents
個人情報取扱規約
この個人情報取扱規約（以下「
本個人情報取扱規約
」という）は、Outbrain Japan株式会社（以下「
Outbrain
」という）と、パートナー登録フォーム（パートナー登録フォームにはパートナー配信規約が適用される。以下、パートナー配信規約及びパートナー登録フォームを総称して「
本規約
」という）記載の自然人又は法人（以下「
パートナー
」という）との間で随時締結される。本個人情報取扱規約は、適用のあるパートナー登録フォームに記載の効力発生日（以下「
効力発生日
」という）以降、両当事者間及び各当事者の関連会社間で随時締結されるすべての契約に適用される。
本個人情報取扱規約は、本規約（随時変更される）に組み込まれ、両当事者間における法的拘束力を有する合意を形成する。以下、標準契約条項（定義は後述する）、本個人情報取扱規約及び本規約（又はOutbrainのダッシュボードに入力された情報）を総称して「
本契約
」という。本契約のいずれかの条件の間に矛盾又は不一致がある場合の優先順位は、（i）標準契約条項、（ii）本個人情報取扱規約、（iii）本規約の順とする。
1.
定義
1.1.「
本関連会社
」とは、当該当事者に支配される、又は当該当事者を支配する、若しくは当該当事者の共通支配下にある自然人又は法人を意味する。当事者にかかる規定は、全てその関連会社にも適用があるものとする。
1.2 .
「個人情報保護法令」
とは、Outbrain又はパートナーに適用される、個人情報の保護に関連する適用のある最新の法令、政令、規制、命令及び基準（カリフォルニア消費者プライバシー法（2018年）及び当該法律を改正する法律及び関連規制（以下「
CCPA
」という）、並びにEUデータ保護法を含む）を意味する。
1.3. 「
EEA
」とは、欧州経済領域を意味する。
1.4.「
EU
データ保護法
」とは、（i）EU一般データ保護規則（以下「
GDPR
」という）、（ii）EU e-プライバシー規則（指令2002/58/EC）及び（iii）（i）若しくは（ii）に基づき、又はそれらに従い制定された適用のあるすべてのデータ保護法であって国により制定されたもの（英国のEU離脱後の英国のデータ保護法を含む）を意味する。これらの法令は、随時改正され又は代替される可能性があるものとする。
1.5.「
Outbrain
ユーザーの個人情報
」とは、Outbrainがデータ主体から直接、又はパートナーから、又はOutbrainをパートナーに接続する第三者を通じて取得する、データ主体の個人情報を意味する。Outbrainユーザーデータには、デバイスID、IPアドレス及びユーザーエージェントデータを含む。
1.6. 「
管理者
」、「
取扱者
」、「
データ主体
」及び「
特別な種類の個人データ
」は、EUデータ保護法に定めるものと同じ意味を有する。
1.7. 「
販売
（「売る」等の関連用語を含む）」、「
消費者
」及び「
事業者
」は、CCPAに定めるものと同じ意味を有する。
1.8. 「
個人データ
（「個人情報」等の関連用語を含む）」及び「
取扱い
（「処理」を含む）」は、個人情報保護法令に定めるものと同じ意味を有する。
2.
取扱いの目的及び範囲
Outbrainは、次に掲げる事項を目的として、Outbrainユーザーデータを取扱う。（i）デバイス上の情報の保存及びアクセス、（ii）ベーシックなパーソナライズド広告又はパーソナライズドコンテンツの選択、（iii）パーソナライズドされた広告又はコンテンツのプロファイルの作成、（iv）広告及びコンテンツのパフォーマンスの測定、（v）オーディエンスインサイトの生成のための市場調査への利用、並びに（vi）製品の開発及び改善。
3.
当事者の役割
各当事者は、Outbrainユーザーデータの取扱いにあたり、それぞれが管理者かつ事業者であることを確認し、合意する。各当事者は、適用のある個人情報保護法令に基づく義務の遵守について、個別に独立して責任を負う。Outbrainが同意管理メカニズム（IABのCCPAコンプライアンスフレームワークを含む）から同意の信号を受信し、又はそのように解釈する限りにおいて、Outbrainは、消費者又はデータ主体の選択に従うために個人情報を取り扱っているのであり、Outbrainは、第三者のためのサービス提供者又は取扱者とはみなされない。
4.
協力
各当事者が、データ主体、規制当局その他の第三者から、個人情報の開示又は取扱いに関する連絡、照会又は要請を受けた場合、本個人情報取扱規約に基づき、速やかにその詳細を相手方当事者に通知するものとし、両当事者は、個人情報保護法令に定める要件に従い対応するため、合理的かつ誠意をもって協力するものとする。データ主体の権利に関するOutbrainに対する連絡の宛先は、
privacyquestions@outbrain.com
とする。データ主体がOutbrainのパーソナライズド広告のオプトアウトを希望する場合、パートナーは、データ主体に
Outbrain’s Interest Profile
を案内するものとする。
5.
透明性
両当事者は、取り扱う個人情報をデータ主体から直接取得し又は第三者から取得する場合に、透明性の原則を遵守するための義務を負うことを確認する。Outbrainは、パートナーのウェブサイトやアプリケーションから直接、又はOutbrainをパートナーのサイトやアプリケーションに接続する第三者を介して、Outbrainユーザーデータを収集する。パートナーは、次に掲げる事項について表明保証し、義務を負うものとする。（i）適切な法的根拠のもとに、個人情報の取扱いに必要な条件を常に満たすこと、（ii）適切なプライバシー通知によりユーザーにOutbrainを開示すること、（iii）必要な場合、IAB透明性及び同意フレームワーク（最新版又はその改正版）を使用した同意管理プラットフォームにより、ユーザーからの同意を得るものとし、明確な同意又は拒否の信号をOutbrainに送信すること（すなわち、パートナーはOutbrainに無効な信号を送ってはならない）、（iv）CCPAに関連して、IABのCCPAフレームワークを使用してOutbrainにオプトアウト信号を送信すること、及び（v）パートナーがNetwork Advertising Initiative、Digital Advertising Alliance、European Digital Advertising Allianceのオプトアウトページ等のユーザー選択メカニズムを提供すること。
6.
データの安全性
各当事者は、個人情報のセキュリティ、機密性、完全性を保護するために、適切な技術的・組織的措置を講じなければならない。
7.
第三国への移転
7.1. いずれの当事者も、次に掲げる場合を除き、EEA（EU離脱後の英国を含む）外の国において個人情報を取扱い、又は取り扱うことを許可してはならない。（a）当該国が、欧州委員会又は英国データ保護局（該当する場合）により、個人情報の適切な保護水準を満たしていると指定されている場合、又は（b）当該第三国への移転が、適用されるデータ保護法に準拠していることを保証するために必要な措置が講じられている場合。
7.2. 両当事者は、パートナーからOutbrainへの個人情報の移転については、次に掲げる措置により前項の要件を満たすものとすることに同意する。（a）欧州委員会決定（2004年）による個人情報の管理者間の移転に関する標準契約条項（修正又はより優先する法令により書き換えられた場合にはそれによる）（以下「
標準契約条項
」という）が、参照の形により本契約に組み込まれ、前項に定める通り、EEA又は英国（該当する場合）以外におけるデータの取扱いに適用され、（b）パートナーが標準契約条項における「データ輸出者」、Outbrainが標準契約条項における「データ輸入者」とみなされ、（c）標準契約条項の付属書類Bへの記入が、本個人情報取扱規約の別紙Aに個人情報の取扱い方法を記載することにより完了したものとみなされること。個人情報保護を所管する当局により、標準契約条項が改正され又は更新された場合には、両当事者は当該改正又は更新内容が適用されることに合意する。
7.3. 両当事者は、日本国内で取得した個人データをパートナーからOutbrainへ移転する場合には、前項に加え、あらかじめ外国にある第三者への提供を認める旨の本人の同意を得なければならないことに同意する。
8.
有効期間及び終了
本個人情報取扱規約は効力発生日に効力を有し、パートナーがOutbrainのサービスを利用する限り有効に存続するものとする。
9.
雑則
9.1. いずれの当事者も、当該当事者の合理的な支配を超える事由に起因する理由によって本個人情報取扱規約及び本契約に基づく義務の履行遅延又は不履行による責任を負わない。
9.2. 本個人情報取扱規約に基づく権利の不履行又は遅延は当該権利の放棄と解釈されず、当該権利、その他の権利若しくは救済の行使を妨げないものとする。
9.3. パートナーは、Outbrainの書面による事前の同意を得ることなく、本契約に基づく権利又は義務の全部又は一部を譲渡してはならない。
9.4. 別段の明示の規定がある場合を除き、本個人情報取扱規約のいかなる規定も、本個人情報取扱規約の当事者以外の者に有利な権利又はその他の利益を創出し又は付与するものではない。
9.5. 本個人情報取扱規約のいずれかの条項が無効、違法又は執行不能である場合であっても、本個人情報取扱規約の他の条項に影響を及ぼさない。
9.6. 本個人情報取扱規約は、パートナー配信規約に定める法令に準拠する。
Effective January 17th 2020
Download
Table of Contents
個人情報取扱規約
この個人情報取扱規約　(以下「
本個人情報取扱規約
」という。)　は、Outbrain Japan株式会社 (以下、「
Outbrain
」という。)　と広告掲載申込み及び/又はOutbrainダッシュボードの使用によって特定される自然人又は法人　(以下「
顧客
」という。)　との間で締結され、Outbrainが提供するサービスによる個人情報の取扱いに適用する。本個人情報取扱規約は、広告掲載申込みに規定される発効日及び/又はOutbrainダッシュボードの利用がされた日から、両当事者の間及び各当事者の関連会社の間で随時締結されるすべての契約に適用する。
本個人情報取扱規約は、アンプリファイ規約　(随時変更される)　に組み込まれ、両当事者間における法的拘束力を有する契約を構成する。以下、本個人情報取扱規約、広告掲載申込み（又はOutbrainダッシュボードを通じて入力された情報）及びアンプリファイ規約を総称して「
本契約
」という。本契約のいずれかの条件の間に矛盾又は不一致がある場合の各契約間の優先順位は以下のとおりである。(i) 広告掲載申込み（又はOutbrainダッシュボードを通じて入力された情報）
、
(ii)
本個人情報取扱規約、(iii) 拡張規約。
定義及び解釈‐
以下の定義が本個人情報取扱規約に適用される。
「
本関連会社
」とは、当該当事者に支配される、又は当該当事者を支配する、若しくは当該当事者の共同の支配下にある自然人又は法人を意味する。当事者を指す場合、その関連会社も含むものとする。
「
管理者
」とは、個人情報の取扱いの目的と方法を決定する法人を意味する。
「
顧客の個人情報
」とは、顧客が、Outbrainサービスを利用するために提供する個人情報（顧客の氏名及びメールアドレス等）、及びOutbrainが顧客のアカウントに提供するサービスの利用に必要な個人情報を意味する。
「
本データ主体
」とは、個人情報の主体である自然人を意味する。
「
個人情報保護法
」とは、Outbrain又は顧客に適用される、個人情報の保護に関連する最新の適用法令、省令、規制、命令及び要件を意味する。
「
EEA
」とは、欧州経済領域を意味する。
「
本エンドユーザー
」とは、Outbrainのパートナーネットワーク上にあるOutbrainウィジェットを利用する自然人であるエンドユーザーを意味する。
「
本エンドユーザーの個人情報
」とは、OutbrainがOutbrainウィジェットを通じてエンドユーザーから直接収集する本エンドユーザーに関する個人情報を意味する。それには、OutbrainのUUID、IPアドレス（Outbrainにより、地理位置情報に変換され、最後のオクテットが消去されたもの）、その他本エンドユーザーに関するエージェントデータ（本エンドユーザーが当該ウィジェットにアクセスするために使用しているデバイス及びブラウザに関する情報等）が含まれる。
「
個人情報
」とは、本契約に従ってOutbrainが取り扱う（該当する場合には、本エンドユーザーの個人情報及び／又は顧客の個人情報を含む）特定された又は特定され得る自然人又は家族に関する情報を意味する。
「
個人情報の侵害
」とは、Outbrainによって配信、保持又は取り扱われている顧客の個人情報に関する偶発的な又は違法な削除、損失、変更、無許可な開示、違法アクセスによるセキュリティ侵害を意味する。
「
本下請業者
」とは、Outbrainに代わって個人情報を取り扱う下請業者を意味する。
取扱いの目的及び範囲
‐
当事者は、本個人情報取扱規約及び適用法令に基づき、個人情報が取り扱われることに合意する。Outbrainは、以下の目的で個人情報を取り扱うものとする。
本エンドユーザーの個人情報については、Outbrainのパートナーネットワークを利用するエンドユーザーに推奨サービスを提供するため。発効日以降、Outbrainは本エンドユーザーの個人情報を送信及び／又は顧客から受信しない（Outbrainピクセルの経由を含む）。
顧客の個人情報については、顧客にサービスを提供するため。
各当事者の役割
‐
各当事者は、顧客の個人情報の取扱いにあたり、それぞれ独立した管理者かつ事業主体であることを確認し、それに合意する。Outbrainは、顧客、顧客のサイト又は顧客が有するOutbrainピクセルを経由して、本エンドユーザーの個人情報を収集、送信又は受信しない。したがって、Outbrainは、本エンドユーザーの個人情報に関して、発行元から独立した管理者である。各当事者は、個人情報保護法に基づく独立した管理者に適用する義務を遵守するものとする。
法的根拠
本エンドユーザーの個人情報
Outbrainは、本エンドユーザーの個人情報を、顧客からではなく、パートナーサイトから直接収集する。Outbrainは、個人情報保護法又はここに記載されるそれと同等の規定を遵守することを両当事者に要求する、適切な契約書を発行元と締結する。
パートナーの個人情報
‐
顧客は、Outbrainが顧客に対する本契約上の義務を遂行するためには顧客の個人情報が必要であるため、Outbrainが顧客の個人情報を取り扱う法的根拠が、契約上のものであることを確認する。
本データ主体の権利
‐
顧客は、本契約に従い、顧客の個人データに関して個人情報保護法に基づいて権利を行使する要求を本データ主体から受け取った場合、速やかにOutbrainに通知するものとする。かかる場合、顧客は、本データ主体の要求に直接対応できるように、Outbrainに本データ主体を紹介するものとする。Outbrainは，本データ主体からの要求に対応するため及び／又は個人情報保護法における独立した管理者としての必須義務を遂行するため，取扱いの性質によって、当該顧客に，（当該顧客が書面で要求した場合、当該顧客の費用で）合理的な支援を提供する。
情報提供義務
‐
両当事者は、個人情報を取り扱う際に本データ主体から直接又は第三者を通じて個人情報が提供される場合、情報提供義務を遂行する義務があることを確認する。そのために、両当事者は、本エンドユーザーに対して，適用される個人情報保護法に準拠して、適切なプライバシー通知を表示するものとする。データ主体の権利に関するOutbrainの連絡メールは次の通りである：
privacyquestions@outbrain.com
従業員
‐
Outbrainは、個人情報の取扱いに従事する従業員に個人情報を秘密に保持することの必要性について教育し、適切な研修を受けさせ、当該従業員と秘密保持契約を締結することに同意する。また、Outbrainは、個人情報にアクセスできる従業員を本契約に基づくサービスを提供するために必要な従業員に限定する。
個人情報の共有
‐顧客は、 (i) 名前やメールアドレス等、本データ主体を直接特定することができる個人情報（顧客の個人情報を除く）及び／又は (ii) 特別な種類の個人情報を含む個人情報を、Outbrainと共有しないことに同意する。
本下請業者
‐
顧客は、Outbrainが本契約に基づくサービスの提供に関連して、第三者（関連会社を含む）に業務を委託することができることを確認する。Outbrainは、本個人情報取扱規約に含まれる個人情報保護義務に劣らない個人情報保護義務を有する本下請業者と契約を締結するものとする。
個人情報保護に関するセキュリティ対策
‐Outbrainは、個人情報の秘密性及び完全性を保護するための適切な技術的及び組織的措置を維持する。Outbrainが個人情報を保護するために使用するセキュリティ対策は、
個人情報保護方針
に概説されている。Outbrainは、顧客の個人情報に対する侵害を発見した場合、遅滞なく(ただし、発覚後48時間以内に)、顧客に書面にて通知するものとし、個人情報の侵害の原因を是正するために、必要且つ合理的とみなす措置を講ずるものとする。
データの保持
‐顧客からの要求がある場合、Outbrainは顧客の個人情報を消去するものとする。
コンプライアンス
‐Outbrainは、書面による事前の要求がある場合、顧客の費用負担で、本個人情報取扱規約に基づく義務を遵守していることを証明するために必要な情報を顧客に提供する。さらに、各当事者は、(i)　相手方の指示が個人情報保護法に違反していると把握した場合、又は (ii) 本個人情報取扱規約又は本契約に基づいて提供されるサービスに関連する個人情報保護法の違反を指摘する、データ保護監督機関又はそれに類似する機関からの申立て又は通知を受領した場合、書面で相手方当事者に通知する。
国際的な個人情報の移転
‐Outbrainは、EEA域外に(本下請業者による移転を含む)個人情報を移転又は取扱うことがあるが、当該移転は、個人情報保護法(EU標準契約条項、EU-US Privacy Shieldに基づく認証、又はGDPR第45条に基づく欧州委員会の十分制認定も、適用のある限りで含まれる)を遵守して行われることを条件とする。Outbrainは、EU-US Privacy Shieldの認証を受け、グループ企業間移転に関するEU標準契約条項を締結している。
CCPA
‐ Outbrainは、改正カリフォルニア消費者プライバシー法
（
2018
年）
（
以下
「CCPA」
という
）にお
いて、
「事業主体」であり、「サービスプロバイダー」ではない。Outbrainは、本エンドユーザーの選択に従う
ことを目的として
、パートナーの同意を管理する
システム
（IAB CCPAコンプライアンスフレームワークを含むが、これに限定されない）から同意の信号を受信し、解釈し、サービスを提供するのであって、パートナーに代わ
る
サービスプロバイダーと
はみなされない
。
契約期間及び解除
‐本個人情報取扱規約は、パートナー登録フォームに記載されている発効日に開始し、顧客のキャンペーンがOutbrainのパートナーネットワーク上で公開されている限り継続する。
雑則
いずれの当事者も、当該当事者の合理的な支配を超える事由に起因する理由によって本個人情報取扱規約及び本契約に基づく義務の履行遅延又は不履行による責任を負わない。
本個人情報取扱規約に基づく権利の不履行又は遅延は当該権利の放棄と解釈されず、当該権利、その他の権利若しくは救済の行使を妨げないものとする。
顧客は、Outbrainの書面による事前の同意を得ることなく、本契約に基づく権利又は義務の全部又は一部を譲渡してはならない。
別段の明示の規定がある場合を除き、本個人情報取扱規約のいかなる規定も、本個人情報取扱規約の当事者以外の者に有利な権利又はその他の利益を創出し又は付与するものではない。
本個人情報取扱規約のいずれかの条項が無効、違法又は執行不能である場合であっても、本個人情報取扱規約の他の条項に影響を及ぼさない。
本個人情報取扱規約は、アンプリファイ規約に定める法令に準拠する。
Effective January 27th 2020
Download
Table of Contents
Glossary
Statutory category
Definition
(categories may overlap)
What we collect
Commercial Information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Contact data
Identity data
Transaction data
Communications
Marketing data
Financial Information
Bank account number, debit or credit card numbers, insurance policy number, and other financial information.
Financial data
Geolocation Data
Precise location, e.g., derived from GPS coordinates or telemetry data
N/A
Identifiers
Real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, customer number, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Contact data
Identity data
Data about others
Inferences
The derivation of information, data, assumptions, or conclusions from any other category of Personal Information to create a profile about a person reflecting the person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities and aptitudes.
May be derived from your:
Device data
Online activity data
Internet or Network Information
Browsing history, search history, and information regarding a person’s interaction with an Internet website, application, or advertisement.
Device data
Online activity data
Online Identifiers
An online identifier or other persistent identifier that can be used to recognize a person, family or device, over time and across different services, including but not limited to, a device identifier; an Internet Protocol address; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers, or similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone numbers, or other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers (i.e., the identification of a person or a device to a degree of certainty of more probable than not) that can be used to identify a particular person or device.
Device data
Identity data
Effective September 30th 2021
Download
Table of Contents
The following  terms (“Terms”) govern Outbrain and
Partner’s participation in a Unified Auction for Partner Inventory facilitated through one or more Unified Auction Service as defined in a Header Bidding Enrollment Form
.
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS
“Advertising Client(s)” means advertisers, agencies or other third-party sources of advertising demand.
"Advertiser Recs" means Recommendations in the Outbrain network submitted by Advertising Clients.
"Content" means graphical, textual and/or auditory content (which may include text, data, information, photos, images, graphics, audio, video or other content).
"Data" means all data collected or generated by Outbrain through the Unified Auction Service, including any reports or other data made available to Partner in connection with the Agreement.
"Destination Page" means any webpage or other online location that may be accessed by clicking on Recommendations.
"End User" means individual human end users of Partner Inventory.
"Partner Inventory"   means inventory appearing on the Partner websites applications or platforms, as may be made available to Outbrain by Partner through a Unified Auction Service and in any particular Unified Auction.
"Recommendations" means the display of Content that Outbrain delivers to Partner Inventory via the Unified Auction Service. For clarity, Recommendations are Advertiser Recs.
“Unified Auction” means any programmatic auction for Partner Inventory that occurs within any Unified Auction Service in which Outbrain participates.
“Unified Auction Service” means a service or integration, which may be operated by a third party, that facilitates a programmatic auction, wherein programmatic supply-side partners and other programmatic buyers’ bid for Partner Inventory on behalf of Advertising Clients.
REVENUE & PAYMENT
Partner must promptly provide Outbrain completed and accurate tax forms and all other similar materials Outbrain requires, which may include tax form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or W-9 if applicable (collectively all such forms and materials, “Tax Materials”). Notwithstanding anything set forth to the contrary in this Agreement, Outbrain may (a) withhold payments owed to Partner hereunder without penalty or late fee until Outbrain has received Partner’s Tax Materials, and (b) deduct any applicable withholding taxes payable by Outbrain from payments owed to Partner by Outbrain hereunder as required by law. Once Outbrain has received the Tax Materials, Outbrain will use commercially reasonable efforts to pay any amounts not paid to Partner pursuant to the foregoing subsection (a) as soon as reasonably practicable. All payments to Partner shall be subject to withholding for income taxes and similar deductions, as required by applicable law.
To ensure proper payment, Partner is responsible for notifying Outbrain of accurate contact and payment information. Partner is also responsible for any charges assessed by Partner’s bank or payment provider. If the amount owed to Partner is less than US$50, then the amount owed will be accrued if and until the calendar month in which the balance of the payments due to Partner exceeds US$50. Any dispute regarding a payment from Outbrain must be submitted to Outbrain in writing within thirty (30) days of postage or wire transfer date of such payment or it shall be deemed waived.
Outbrain may withhold, set off, charge or credit back payments to Partner, if Outbrain, in its sole reasonable discretion, believes that the performance related to them are fraudulent or invalid in nature or if Outbrain was charged or credited back by the Advertiser Client. Invalid activity is determined by Outbrain in all cases and may include, but is not limited to, (i) invalid clicks on or impressions of Advertiser Recs generated by any person, bot, automated program or similar device, including through any clicks/impressions originating from Partner’s IP addresses or computers under Partner’s control; (ii) clicks/impressions solicited or generated by payment of money, false representation, or requests for End Users to click on Advertiser Recs or take other actions; and (iii) clicks/impressions co-mingled with a significant amount of the activity described in (i and ii) above.
In addition to Outbrain’s other rights and remedies, Outbrain may (i) withhold and offset any payments owed to Partner under the Agreement against any fees Partner owes Outbrain under the Agreement or any other agreement, and/or (ii) require Partner to refund Outbrain within thirty (30) days of any invoice, any amounts Outbrain may have overpaid to Partner in prior periods. If an Outbrain Advertiser Client whose Advertiser Recs are displayed on any Partner Inventory defaults on payment to Outbrain, Outbrain may withhold payment or charge back Partner’s account.
PRIVACY
Outbrain and Partner shall each maintain and display on their respective websites an easily accessible and discoverable privacy notice and/or policy that complies with all applicable laws, and with respect to Partner, that discloses usage of third-party technology to collect and use data in connection with the Partner Inventory. Outbrain's privacy policy is available
here
.
The parties are independent controllers in respect of End User data processed via the Partner Inventory and each party remains individually responsible for compliance with relevant data protection laws. It is Partner’s (and not Outbrain’s) responsibility to comply with all data protection legislation in respect of the placing and use of third party cookies  and the capturing of any consent to cookies required to be obtained from the relevant End User). Partner acknowledges that Outbrain relies on Partner’s lawful basis for processing End User data. Accordingly, Partner warrants that: (i) if Publisher relies on legitimate interest, it has completed a legitimate interest assessment which has considered Outbrain’s provision of the Outbrain Service; and (ii) if the Publisher relies on consent, the Publisher shall disclose Outbrain to an End User via a consent management platform (if applicable) using the IAB methodology and pass Outbrain a clear consent or no consent signal (i.e., the Publisher must not send Outbrain a null or invalid signal via a consent management platform). Publisher shall collect the consent string (if relying on consent) according to the IAB methodology and make it available to Outbrain as an object in any bid request. Regardless of the foregoing, the parties shall provide End Users access to a user-choice mechanism such as the opt out page(s) of the Network Advertising Initiative, the Digital Advertising Alliance, the European Digital Advertising Alliance, and/or a direct opt out of Outbrain through Outbrain’s privacy policy. If an End User has opted out of behavioral advertising through a mechanism alerting Publisher (instead of Outbrain), such as device settings, Publisher must not pass Outbrain such End User’s advertiser ID or other identifying mechanism. T
he provisions of the
Data Processing Agreement
shall be incorporated into, and form part of, this Agreement.
LICENSE TERMS
During the Term and subject to Partner’s full compliance with all of the terms of the Agreement, Outbrain grants Partner a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-sublicensable, non-transferable licencse to display the Recommendations on Partner Inventory in the form and format provided.
Outbrain grants Partner, during the Term, a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use and display Outbrain’s trademarks, service marks and logos (collectively, “Outbrain Marks”), strictly in accordance with Partner’s obligations and rights in the Agreement. All goodwill arising out of Partner’s use of any of the Outbrain Marks shall inure solely to the benefit of Outbrain. Outbrain shall have the right to refer to Partner and Partner Inventory in any general listing of advertisers or partners (including in marketing and sales materials). Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party will request prior written consent before issuing a press release regarding the Agreement or using the other party’s name on its website other than in accordance with the Agreement.
As between the parties: (a) Outbrain retains all right, title and interest in and to the Outbrain Marks, Data, and Content displayed on or made available by the Unified Auction Service (excluding any Content from the Partner Inventory which shall be owned by Partner); and (b) Partner retains all right, title and interest in and to the Partner Inventory including the look and feel, excluding the items described in subparagraph (a) above, (including without limitation all intellectual property rights in them).
The licences granted under the Agreement are specifically set forth in the Agreement; there are no implied rights. All rights not expressly granted to Partner in the Agreement are reserved by Outbrain.
PROHIBITED ACTIVITY
Partner will not deploy Advertiser Recs on any properties that display adult, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, libelous, infringing, abusive, or illegal Content, that promotes hate or discrimination, facilitates the sale of firearms or illegal drugs, or that participates or encourages participation in, illegal activities or is directed at children under of the age of 16.
TERMINATION
Either party may terminate the Agreement at any time in the event of a material breach by the other party of any provision of the Agreement that remains uncured for seven (7) days after the breaching party’s receipt of written notice of the breach.
The Agreement is terminable on thirty (30) days prior written notice unless otherwise stated on the Partner Enrollment Form. Upon expiration or termination of the Agreement, all rights and obligations of the parties under the Agreement will be extinguished, except that Sections 8, 9 & 11 of the Terms will survive termination, as well as any other terms of this Agreement which, by their nature should survive termination, and continue to bind the parties.
LIMITED WARRANTIES; INDEMNITY
Each party represents and warrants to the other that: (i) it has all right, power, and authority necessary to enter into the Agreement and perform its obligations under it; and (ii) it will comply with all applicable laws, regulations and orders in its performance of the Agreement.
Partner represents and warrants that the Partner Inventory does not and will not contain any Content that is: (i) illegal; (ii) infringes any Intellectual Property Right of any third party; (iii) is obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous material or material that violates any person’s right of publicity, privacy or personality; or (iv) knowingly contains a misrepresentation of fact or factual inaccuracy.
Nothing in the Agreement shall be construed as a promise of any sort of minimum traffic volumes, clicks, impressions or usage or any other such commitments by Outbrain to Partner.
Except as expressly provided in the Agreement, neither party makes any representations or warranties, express or implied in relation to the Agreement, the Partner Inventory, any Content made available by Outbrain or any other matters (including any implied terms relating to satisfactory quality or fitness for any purpose, any warranties of availability or uninterrupted or error free performance, any warranties arising out of any course of performance or dealing).
Outbrain makes no representations or warranties concerning any Content, including without limitation Advertiser Recs, and Outbrain will not be responsible or liable for the contents, accuracy, intellectual property infringement, legality or decency of or for Partner’s reliance on any of the foregoing.
Each party (the “Indemnifying Party”) shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other party and its parent and affiliates, and each of its and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, members, authorised representatives, employees and agents (collectively, the “Indemnified Party”) from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, settlements, regulatory findings and/or fines and other expenses (including reasonable legal fees) (collectively, “Claims”) that arise out of any third party claim occasioned by any breach or alleged breach of any of the Indemnifying Party’s representations, warranties and obligations of the Agreement. The Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Indemnifying Party of any Claim in writing, provided, however, that any delay in providing such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of any of its obligations except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is actually prejudiced by such delay. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the defence and settlement of the Claim with counsel of its own choosing and its own expense, subject to the Indemnifying Party’s control thereof.
CONFIDENTIALITY
Each party (the “Receiving Party”) acknowledges that it will have access to certain information and materials, including the terms of the Agreement, concerning the business, technology, products and services of the other party (the “Disclosing Party”) that are, or reasonably should be considered given the circumstances of disclosure to be, confidential (“Confidential Information”). Confidential Information will not include: (a) information known to the Receiving Party prior to disclosure by the Disclosing Party; (b) information independently developed by the Receiving Party without reference to Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party; (c) information that is or becomes publicly known through no fault of the Receiving Party; or (d) information disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third party without breach of any obligation of confidence. Except as permitted hereunder, the Receiving Party (aa) will not use any Confidential Information for its own account or the account of any third party, and (bb) will not disclose any Confidential Information to any third party other than its directors, employees, contractors, advisors, investors or potential investors who have a need to know and who have agreed not to use, and to maintain the confidentiality of, the Confidential Information consistent with this Section 7. The Receiving Party will return or destroy the Confidential Information promptly upon the Disclosing Party’s written request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent required by applicable law or legal process, provided that the Receiving Party provides prompt written notice of any required disclosure to the Disclosing Party and provides reasonable cooperation (at the Disclosing Party’s expense) with any effort by the Disclosing Party to contest or limit the scope of such disclosure.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Neither Outbrain nor the Partner exclude or limit liability to the other for: (i) death or personal injury caused by its negligence or that of its employees or contractors; (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (iii) any other liability which cannot lawfully be excluded or limited.
Subject always to this Section , neither party will be liable for: (a) any special, indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damage; (b) any loss of goodwill or reputation; (c) any loss of data; (d) any loss of contracts, business or anticipated savings; or (e) any loss of profits arising out of or in connection with the Agreement or any breach hereof, whether or not such party has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage, howsoever incurred and whether under a theory of contract, tort (including negligence) statutory duty or otherwise.
Subject always to this Section and except for liabilities arising out of a party’s violation, misappropriation or infringement of a party’s Intellectual Property Rights, in no event will either party’s aggregate liability arising out of or in connection with the Agreement or any breach (whether under a theory of contract, tort (including negligence), statutory duty, or otherwise) exceed the greater of: (i) £100,000 GBP; and (ii) 125% of the amount of revenues paid or payable to the Partner in the 12-month period immediately preceding the event giving rise to liability (or, in the case of a series of connected events, the first such event).
Each party acknowledges to each other that it accepts that the restrictions on the liability of each other party, as set out in the Agreement are reasonable in all the circumstances.
EXPORT CONTROLS
Partner will comply with all export laws and restrictions and regulations of the Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), or other United States or foreign agency or authority, and shall not export, or allow the export or re-export of the Unified Auction Service in violation of any such restrictions, laws or regulations. Partner agrees to the foregoing and represent and warrants that it is not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any restricted country. Partner represents and warrants that none of it, or any individual, entity, or organisation holding any ownership interest or controlling interest in Partner, including any officer or director, is an individual, entity, organisation with whom any United States law, regulation, or executive order prohibits U.S. companies and individuals from dealing, including, names appearing on the Specially Designated Nationals List.
MISCELLANEOUS
The Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of England and Wales, without regard to its conflict of law provisions or the United Nations Conventions for the International Sale of Goods. Any action or proceeding arising from or relating to the Agreement must be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of English courts. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of the Agreement is not performed in accordance with these specific terms. Accordingly, the parties agree that each shall be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of the Agreement, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. The parties are independent contractors, and nothing in the Agreement will be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, agency or other relationship between the parties. No failure or forbearance by a party to enforce any of its rights under the Agreement or insist upon performance of the other party’s obligations under the Agreement will be deemed a waiver of such rights or obligations to any extent, and no waiver by either party of any default or breach of the Agreement will constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent default or breach. Neither party will be liable for any failure to perform due to causes beyond the party's reasonable control. The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning its subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings, written or oral, concerning such subject matter. The parties to this Agreement do not intend that any term of this Agreement should be enforceable, by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise, by any person who is not a Party to this Agreement. The Partner Enrollment Form may be amended, modified or superseded, only by a written instrument signed by both parties. The headings in the Agreement are for the convenience of reference only and have no legal effect. The Agreement may be executed and delivered via electronic transmission or another means of complete and accurate reproduction, and copies of the Agreement delivered via such means will be deemed originals for all purposes. The Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. If any provision of the Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, failing which, it shall be severed from the Agreement and the balance of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. Neither party may assign the Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the other party’s prior written consent, except (i) due to operation of law, merger, reorganisation, or as a result of an acquisition or change of control, and (ii) by Outbrain to its subsidiaries. Subject to the foregoing, the Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors and assigns.
Effective January 21st 2022
Download
Table of Contents
The following  terms (“Terms”) govern Outbrain and
Partner’s participation in a Unified Auction for Partner Inventory facilitated through one or more Unified Auction Service as defined in a Header Bidding Enrollment Form
.
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS
“Advertising Client(s)” means advertisers, agencies or other third-party sources of advertising demand.
"Advertiser Recs" means Recommendations in the Outbrain network submitted by Advertising Clients.
"Content" means graphical, textual and/or auditory content (which may include text, data, information, photos, images, graphics, audio, video or other content).
"Data" means all data collected or generated by Outbrain through the Unified Auction Service, including any reports or other data made available to Partner in connection with the Agreement.
"Destination Page" means any webpage or other online location that may be accessed by clicking on Recommendations.
"End User" means individual human end users of Partner Inventory.
"Partner Inventory"   means inventory appearing on the Partner websites applications or platforms, as may be made available to Outbrain by Partner through a Unified Auction Service and in any particular Unified Auction.
"Recommendations" means the display of Content that Outbrain delivers to Partner Inventory via the Unified Auction Service. For clarity, Recommendations are Advertiser Recs.
“Unified Auction” means any programmatic auction for Partner Inventory that occurs within any Unified Auction Service in which Outbrain participates.
“Unified Auction Service” means a service or integration, which may be operated by a third party, that facilitates a programmatic auction, wherein programmatic supply-side partners and other programmatic buyers’ bid for Partner Inventory on behalf of Advertising Clients.
REVENUE & PAYMENT
Partner must promptly provide Outbrain completed and accurate tax forms and all other similar materials Outbrain requires, which may include tax form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or W-9 if applicable (collectively all such forms and materials, “Tax Materials”). Notwithstanding anything set forth to the contrary in this Agreement, Outbrain may (a) withhold payments owed to Partner hereunder without penalty or late fee until Outbrain has received Partner’s Tax Materials, and (b) deduct any applicable withholding taxes payable by Outbrain from payments owed to Partner by Outbrain hereunder as required by law. Once Outbrain has received the Tax Materials, Outbrain will use commercially reasonable efforts to pay any amounts not paid to Partner pursuant to the foregoing subsection (a) as soon as reasonably practicable. All payments to Partner shall be subject to withholding for income taxes and similar deductions, as required by applicable law.
To ensure proper payment, Partner is responsible for notifying Outbrain of accurate contact and payment information. Partner is also responsible for any charges assessed by Partner’s bank or payment provider. If the amount owed to Partner is less than US$50, then the amount owed will be accrued if and until the calendar month in which the balance of the payments due to Partner exceeds US$50. Any dispute regarding a payment from Outbrain must be submitted to Outbrain in writing within thirty (30) days of postage or wire transfer date of such payment or it shall be deemed waived.
Outbrain may withhold, set off, charge or credit back payments to Partner, if Outbrain, in its sole reasonable discretion, believes that the performance related to them are fraudulent or invalid in nature or if Outbrain was charged or credited back by the Advertiser Client. Invalid activity is determined by Outbrain in all cases and may include, but is not limited to, (i) invalid clicks on or impressions of Advertiser Recs generated by any person, bot, automated program or similar device, including through any clicks/impressions originating from Partner’s IP addresses or computers under Partner’s control; (ii) clicks/impressions solicited or generated by payment of money, false representation, or requests for End Users to click on Advertiser Recs or take other actions; and (iii) clicks/impressions co-mingled with a significant amount of the activity described in (i and ii) above.
In addition to Outbrain’s other rights and remedies, Outbrain may (i) withhold and offset any payments owed to Partner under the Agreement against any fees Partner owes Outbrain under the Agreement or any other agreement, and/or (ii) require Partner to refund Outbrain within thirty (30) days of any invoice, any amounts Outbrain may have overpaid to Partner in prior periods. If an Outbrain Advertiser Client whose Advertiser Recs are displayed on any Partner Inventory defaults on payment to Outbrain, Outbrain may withhold payment or charge back Partner’s account.
PRIVACY
Outbrain and Partner shall each maintain and display on their respective websites an easily accessible and discoverable privacy notice and/or policy that complies with all applicable laws, and with respect to Partner, that discloses usage of third-party technology to collect and use data in connection with the Partner Inventory. Outbrain's privacy policy is available at
here
.
The parties are independent controllers in respect of End User data processed via the Partner Inventory and each party remains individually responsible for compliance with relevant data protection laws. It is Partner’s (and not Outbrain’s) responsibility to comply with all data protection legislation in respect of the placing and use of third party cookies  and the capturing of any consent to cookies required to be obtained from the relevant End User). Partner acknowledges that Outbrain relies on Partner’s lawful basis for processing End User data. Accordingly, Partner warrants that: (i) if Publisher relies on legitimate interest, it has completed a legitimate interest assessment which has considered Outbrain’s provision of the Outbrain Service; and (ii) if the Publisher relies on consent, the Publisher shall disclose Outbrain to an End User via a consent management platform (if applicable) using the IAB methodology and pass Outbrain a clear consent or no consent signal (i.e., the Publisher must not send Outbrain a null or invalid signal via a consent management platform). Publisher shall collect the consent string (if relying on consent) according to the IAB methodology and make it available to Outbrain as an object in any bid request. Regardless of the foregoing, the parties shall provide End Users access to a user-choice mechanism such as the opt out page(s) of the Network Advertising Initiative, the Digital Advertising Alliance, the European Digital Advertising Alliance, and/or a direct opt out of Outbrain through Outbrain’s privacy policy. If an End User has opted out of behavioral advertising through a mechanism alerting Publisher (instead of Outbrain), such as device settings, Publisher must not pass Outbrain such End User’s advertiser ID or other identifying mechanism. T
he provisions of the
Data Processing Agreement
shall be incorporated into, and form part of, this Agreement.
LICENSE TERMS
During the Term and subject to Partner’s full compliance with all of the terms of the Agreement, Outbrain grants Partner a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-sublicensable, non-transferable licence to  display the Recommendations on Partner Inventory in the form and format provided.
Outbrain grants Partner, during the Term, a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use and display Outbrain’s trademarks, service marks and logos (collectively, “Outbrain Marks”), strictly in accordance with Partner’s obligations and rights in the Agreement. All goodwill arising out of Partner’s use of any of the Outbrain Marks shall inure solely to the benefit of Outbrain. Outbrain shall have the right to refer to Partner and Partner Inventory in any general listing of advertisers or partners (including in marketing and sales materials). Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party will request prior written consent before issuing a press release regarding the Agreement or using the other party’s name on its website other than in accordance with the Agreement.
As between the parties: (a) Outbrain retains all right, title and interest in and to the Outbrain Marks, Data, and Content displayed on or made available by the Unified Auction Service (excluding any Content from the Partner Inventory which shall be owned by Partner); and (b) Partner retains all right, title and interest in and to the Partner Inventory including the look and feel, excluding the items described in subparagraph (a) above, (including without limitation all intellectual property rights in them).
The licences granted under the Agreement are specifically set forth in the Agreement; there are no implied rights. All rights not expressly granted to Partner in the Agreement are reserved by Outbrain.
PROHIBITED ACTIVITY
Partner will not deploy Advertiser Recs on any properties that display adult, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, libelous, infringing, abusive, or illegal Content, that promotes hate or discrimination, facilitates the sale of firearms or illegal drugs, or that participates or encourages participation in, illegal activities or is directed at children under of the age of 16.
Except as expressly and unambiguously authorised under the Agreement, Partner will not copy, rent, lease, sell, transfer, assign, sublicense, disassemble, reverse engineer or decompile (except to the limited extent expressly authorised by applicable statutory law), modify or alter any part of the Technology or otherwise use the Technology on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party.
TERMINATION
Either party may terminate the Agreement at any time in the event of a material breach by the other party of any provision of the Agreement that remains uncured for seven (7) days after the breaching party’s receipt of written notice of the breach.
The Agreement is terminable on thirty (30) days prior written notice unless otherwise stated on the Partner Enrollment Form. Upon expiration or termination of the Agreement, all rights and obligations of the parties under the Agreement will be extinguished, except that Sections 8, 9 & 11 of the Terms will survive termination, as well as any other terms of this Agreement which, by their nature should survive termination, and continue to bind the parties.
LIMITED WARRANTIES; INDEMNITY
Each party represents and warrants to the other that: (i) it has all right, power, and authority necessary to enter into the Agreement and perform its obligations under it; and (ii) it will comply with all applicable laws, regulations and orders in its performance of the Agreement.
Partner represents and warrants that the Partner Inventory does not and will not contain any Content that is: (i) illegal; (ii) infringes any Intellectual Property Right of any third party; (iii) is obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous material or material that violates any person’s right of publicity, privacy or personality; or (iv) knowingly contains a misrepresentation of fact or factual inaccuracy.
Nothing in the Agreement shall be construed as a promise of any sort of minimum traffic volumes, clicks, impressions or usage or any other such commitments by Outbrain to Partner.
Except as expressly provided in the Agreement, neither party makes any representations or warranties, express or implied in relation to the Agreement, the Partner Inventory, any Content made available by Outbrain or any other matters (including any implied terms relating to satisfactory quality or fitness for any purpose, any warranties of availability or uninterrupted or error free performance, any warranties arising out of any course of performance or dealing).
Outbrain makes no representations or warranties concerning any Content, including without limitation Advertiser Recs, and Outbrain will not be responsible or liable for the contents, accuracy, intellectual property infringement, legality or decency of or for Partner’s reliance on any of the foregoing.
Each party (the “Indemnifying Party”) shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other party and its parent and affiliates, and each of its and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, members, authorised representatives, employees and agents (collectively, the “Indemnified Party”) from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, settlements, regulatory findings and/or fines
and other expenses (including reasonable legal fees) (collectively, “Claims”) that arise out of any third party claim occasioned by any breach or alleged breach of any of the Indemnifying Party’s representations, warranties and obligations of the Agreement. The Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Indemnifying Party of any Claim in writing, provided, however, that any delay in providing such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of any of its obligations except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is actually prejudiced by such delay. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the defence and settlement of the Claim with counsel of its own choosing and its own expense, subject to the Indemnifying Party’s control thereof.
CONFIDENTIALITY
Each party (the “Receiving Party”) acknowledges that it will have access to certain information and materials, including the terms of the Agreement, concerning the business, technology, products and services of the other party (the “Disclosing Party”) that are, or reasonably should be considered given the circumstances of disclosure to be, confidential (“Confidential Information”). Confidential Information will not include: (a) information known to the Receiving Party prior to disclosure by the Disclosing Party; (b) information independently developed by the Receiving Party without reference to Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party; (c) information that is or becomes publicly known through no fault of the Receiving Party; or (d) information disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third party without breach of any obligation of confidence. Except as permitted hereunder, the Receiving Party (aa) will not use any Confidential Information for its own account or the account of any third party, and (bb) will not disclose any Confidential Information to any third party other than its directors, employees, contractors, advisors, investors or potential investors who have a need to know and who have agreed not to use, and to maintain the confidentiality of, the Confidential Information consistent with this Section 7. The Receiving Party will return or destroy the Confidential Information promptly upon the Disclosing Party’s written request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent required by applicable law or legal process, provided that the Receiving Party provides prompt written notice of any required disclosure to the Disclosing Party and provides reasonable cooperation (at the Disclosing Party’s expense) with any effort by the Disclosing Party to contest or limit the scope of such disclosure.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Neither Outbrain nor the Partner exclude or limit liability to the other for: (i) death or personal injury caused by its negligence or that of its employees or contractors; (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (iii) any other liability which cannot lawfully be excluded or limited.
EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH A PARTY’S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF (INCLUDING FOR LOSS OF DATA OR COST OF COVER), WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE.
EXCEPT FOR A PARTY’S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER OR LIABILITIES ARISING OUT OF A PARTY’S VIOLATION, MISAPPROPRIATION OR INFRINGEMENT OF A PARTY’S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF (WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS ($100,000) OR THE AMOUNT OF ADJUSTED GROSS REVENUE PAID OR PAYABLE TO THE PARTNER IN THE 12-MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY (OR, IN THE CASE OF A SERIES OF CONNECTED EVENTS, THE FIRST SUCH EVENT).
EXPORT CONTROLS
Partner will comply with all export laws and restrictions and regulations of the Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), or other United States or foreign agency or authority, and shall not export, or allow the export or re-export of the Unified Auction Service in violation of any such restrictions, laws or regulations. Partner agrees to the foregoing and represent and warrants that it is not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any restricted country. Partner represents and warrants that none of it, or any individual, entity, or organisation holding any ownership interest or controlling interest in Partner, including any officer or director, is an individual, entity, organisation with whom any United States law, regulation, or executive order prohibits U.S. companies and individuals from dealing, including, names appearing on the Specially Designated Nationals List.
MISCELLANEOUS
The Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of law provisions or the United Nations Conventions for the International Sale of Goods. Any action or proceeding arising from or relating to the Agreement must be brought in a federal court in the Southern District of New York or in state court in New York County, New York, and each party irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction and venue of any such court in any such action or proceeding. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of the Agreement is not performed in accordance with these specific terms. Accordingly, the parties agree that each shall be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of the Agreement, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. The parties are independent contractors, and nothing in the Agreement will be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, agency or other relationship between the parties. No failure or forbearance by a party to enforce any of its rights under the Agreement or insist upon performance of the other party’s obligations under the Agreement will be deemed a waiver of such rights or obligations to any extent, and no waiver by either party of any default or breach of the Agreement will constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent default or breach. Neither party will be liable for any failure to perform due to causes beyond the party's reasonable control. The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning its subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings, written or oral, concerning such subject matter. The Partner Enrollment Form may be amended, modified or superseded, only by a written instrument signed by both parties. The headings in the Agreement are for the convenience of reference only and have no legal effect. The Agreement may be executed and delivered via electronic transmission or another means of complete and accurate reproduction, and copies of the Agreement delivered via such means will be deemed originals for all purposes. The Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. If any provision of the Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, failing which, it shall be severed from the Agreement and the balance of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. Neither party may assign the Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the other party’s prior written consent, except (i) due to operation of law, merger, reorganization, or as a result of an acquisition or change of control, and (ii) by Outbrain to its subsidiaries. Subject to the foregoing, the Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors and assigns.
Effective February 16th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Please note that Outbrain list of trusted partners has moved here:
https://www.outbrain.com/privacy/outbrain-trusted-partners/
Effective June 16th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
This Data Sharing Agreement (“
DSA
”) is entered into by the Outbrain entity (“
Outbrain
”) and the individual or company (the “
Customer
”) identified in the Insertion Order (governed by the applicable
Amplify Terms and Conditions
) between the parties from time to time (together, the “
Terms
”) and/or using the Dashboard and governs the processing of Personal Data pursuant to the provision of the Service by Outbrain. This DSA shall apply to any and all agreements between the parties and their Affiliates from time to time.
This DSA is incorporated into the Terms (as amended from time to time) and constitutes a legally binding agreement between the parties. Collectively, the Controller SCCs (as applicable), the DSA and the Terms (or information entered through the Dashboard) are referred to as the “
Agreement
”.  In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between any of the terms of the Agreement the following order of precedence shall prevail: (i) the Controller SCCs (as applicable); (ii) this DSA; and (iii) the Terms.
Any capitalized terms not defined in this DSA shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Terms.
1. DEFINITIONS.
1.1. “
Affiliate(s)
” means in respect of either party at any time, any person or legal entity controlled by or controlling or under the common control of that party. Any reference to the parties shall include reference to their Affiliates;
1.2. “
Controller SCCs
” means the standard data protection clauses “MODULE ONE: Transfer controller to controller” in accordance with article 46 2. (c) GDPR adopted by the European Commission on 4 June 2021 (Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914) (as amended or superseded), containing contractual obligations on the Data Exporter and the Data Importer, and rights for EEA Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred, as amended or superseded from time to time by the European Commission;
1.3. “
Data Protection Laws
” means all laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant public authority applicable from time to time to Outbrain or Customer relating to the processing of Personal Data and the privacy of electronic communications, including U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws and EU Data Protection Laws, the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (LGPD), Federal Law no. 13,709/2018 and the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information;
1.4. “
EEA
” means the European Economic Area;
1.5. “
End Users
” means Data Subjects or Consumers who use the Service across the Network;
1.6. "
EU Data Protection Laws
" means all laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant Supervisory Authority (including, in the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”)) applicable from time to time to Outbrain or Customer relating to the processing of Personal Data and the privacy of electronic communications in the EEA and the UK as amended or superseded, especially (i) the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR) and the UK Data Protection Act 2018; (ii) the Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive 2002/58/EC (as updated by Directive 2009/136/EC) (ePrivacy Directive) and the UK Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (SI 2003 No. 2426) (PECR) as updated;  (iii) the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection 1992;
1.7.
“
Outbrain Pixel Data
” means the Personal Data which Outbrain may collect when the Customer implements the Outbrain Pixel on Customer’s website(s) or application(s) for the purpose of providing measurement services related to Customer’s campaign(s);
1.8.
“
Third Party Targeting
” means segments built independently by Customer or its third party partners, which the Customer shares with Outbrain for enhanced targeting of End Users;
1.9. “
UK Adequacy Decision
” means the Commission Implementing Decision of 28 June 2021 on the adequate protection of Personal Data by the United Kingdom in accordance with article 45 GDPR;
1.10. “
U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws
” means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, the Colorado Privacy Act of 2021, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act of 2022, the Indiana Consumer Data Protection Act of 2023, the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act of 2023, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act of 2023, the Tennessee Information Protection Act of 2023, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act of 2022, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act  of 2021 and all other U.S. privacy laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant public authority applicable from time to time to Outbrain or Customer relating to the processing of Personal Information and the privacy of electronic communications, as amended or superseded by any federal, state or national law, regulation or regulatory guidance;
1.11. "
Controller
", “
Joint Controller
”, "
Processor
", “
Data Protection Impact Assessment
”, "
Data Subject
", “
Personal Data Breach
”, "
Special Categories of Personal Data
" and “
Supervisory Authority
” shall have the meanings given in EU Data Protection Laws;
1.12. “
sale
” (including the terms “sell,” “selling,” “sold,” and other variations thereof, including renting, disclosing, releasing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration), “
Consumer
”, “
Business
”, “
Third Party
” and “
Service Provider
” shall have the meanings given to those terms under U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws, as applicable; and
1.13. “
Personal Data
” (and any variation thereof, including “Personal Information” U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws) and “
process
” (including “processing”), shall have the meaning given under the applicable Data Protection Laws.
2. PURPOSE OF PROCESSING.
Where implemented by Customer, Outbrain processes Outbrain Pixel Data for the purposes of providing aggregated analytics related to the performance of the Customer’s campaign(s) and/or for enhanced targeting functionality.
3. U.S. CONSUMER PRIVACY LAWS AND EU DATA PROTECTION LAWS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS.
3.1. Specific provisions applicable to
U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws
are located in
Sections 4.2, 5.3 and 5.4 (ii)
.
3.2. Specific provisions applicable to EU Data protection Laws are located in
Sections 4.3, 5.4 (i) and 11
.
4. ROLE OF PARTIES.
4.1. Each party shall comply with all relevant provisions of Data Protection Laws as it applies to matters under the Agreement and ensure that they process Personal Data fairly and lawfully in accordance with Data Protection Laws as applicable in the provision and receipt of the Service.
4.2. Insofar as  U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws are applicable to the Service, Outbrain and Customer will be considered independent Businesses for the collection, processing and selling of any Personal Information, and no party shall be considered a Service Provider on anyone’s behalf, unless as strictly required under applicable U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws. In such case, the
IAB Multi-State Privacy Agreement
(the most recent version or successor thereto) shall be incorporated by reference into this DSA and shall govern the relationship between the parties with Customer as Business and Outbrain as Service Provider exclusively in respect of opted out traffic in the U.S., as applicable.
4.3.
Insofar as EU Data Protection Laws are applicable to the Service, the parties shall be deemed Joint Controllers under Article 26 GDPR solely with regards to the implementation of Outbrain Pixel by Customer, and the parties shall be deemed independent Controllers for any other processing activity. In particular, the Customer shall strictly remain independent controller for any Third Party Targeting.
4.4. Each party shall remain solely and exclusively responsible for determining the means and purposes of processing for its respective processing activities.
5. CUSTOMER’S OBLIGATIONS.
5.1.
Customer represents and warrants that its use of Pixels or Third Party Targeting shall, at all times, be compliant with Data Protection Laws and satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for processing.
5.2.
Customer shall not, at any time, use Pixels or Third Party Targeting: (i) for discriminatory purposes; (ii) to target minors under the age of sixteen(16); (iii) based on Special Categories of Personal Data; (iv) based on Personal Data relating to alleged or confirmed criminal convictions or offenses; or (v) otherwise in violation of any applicable law in any country where the campaign is performed.
5.3.
Customer shall disclose to End Users, via an appropriate privacy notice, that it uses Third Party Targeting and/or Pixels, including an explanation that third parties, including Outbrain, may use cookies or similar technologies to collect or receive Personal Data from Customer’s website(s) or application(s), and may use that Personal Data for the purposes detailed in
Section 2
. Such privacy notice shall offer to End Users, as applicable, a consent or opt out choice mechanism regarding the collection and sharing of their Personal Data with third parties, including Outbrain (including, under U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws, a “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” or equivalent opt out option) in compliance with applicable Data Protection Laws.
5.4. When implementing Outbrain Pixel on their website(s) or application(s), Customer shall, either:
(i) Insofar as EU Data Protection Laws are applicable to the Service, use a consent management platform using the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework v2.2 (the most recent version or successor thereto) and pass Outbrain valid “consent”/”no consent” strings; or
(ii) Insofar as U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws are applicable to the Service, collect “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” or equivalent opt out choices via a consent management platform using the IAB Global Privacy Platform (the most recent version or successor thereto) and pass Outbrain valid “yes”/”no” strings; or
(iii) Where the Customer does not use any of the above consent management platforms, if an End User opted out or withdrew their consent to personalized advertising via Customer’s website(s) or a mechanism such as a setting within a Customer’s application(s), Customer shall be fully responsible for not loading the Outbrain Pixel.
5.5. Customer shall be fully responsible to ensure that no more Personal Data than necessary is shared with Outbrain via the Outbrain Pixel.
6. OUTBRAIN’S OBLIGATIONS.
6.1. Outbrain shall disclose, via an appropriate privacy notice, all information relating to processing activities where the Personal Data is collected directly from the End User or where such Personal Data is collected via third parties, as required under Data Protection Laws. This information is available on
Outbrain’s Privacy Policy
.
6.2. Outbrain shall at all times satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for the processing of Personal Data.
6.3. Outbrain shall enter into appropriate contractual arrangements with its publishers or third party partners, requiring all parties to comply with Data Protection Laws.
6.4. Outbrain shall comply with requests from End Users to exercise their rights under relevant Data Protection Laws, without undue delay and within the required time limits. Requests relating to right to access, erasure, withdrawing consent, objecting to profiling, or ”Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” can be exercised directly on
Outbrain Interest Profile
.
7. COOPERATION.
7.1. Each party shall develop, implement, and regularly review procedures to ensure they meet their respective obligations under Data Protection Laws.
7.2. Each party shall immediately inform the other party if any activity pursuant to the Agreement infringes any part of Data Protection Laws, and the parties shall review such activity accordingly. If during the term, Data Protection Laws change in a way that this DSA is no longer adequate for performing the processing activities necessary to the Terms, the parties agree to promptly negotiate in good faith to review this DSA in light of such changes.
7.3. In the event that either party receives any correspondence, enquiry or complaint from an End User, Supervisory Authority or any other third party related to the disclosure or processing of Personal Data pursuant to this DSA, or requests information from the other party when performing a Data Protection Impact Assessment, it shall promptly inform the other party giving full details of the same, and the other party shall provide such assistance as reasonably required (at each party’s sole cost and expense) and in good faith in order to respond in accordance with any requirements under Data Protection Laws.
8. DATA SECURITY.
8.1. Each party shall implement and maintain such appropriate technical and organizational measures as required by Data Protection Laws to ensure that the Personal Data is processed in a secure manner, including (but not limited to) (i) the pseudonymization and encryption of Personal Data; (ii) ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of the services provided under the Agreement, including the ability to restore availability of, and access to, Personal Data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident; (iii) a process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures for ensuring the security of the processing; and (iv) regularly carrying information security risk assessments that take account of risk of accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Data.
8.2. An overview of Outbrain’s appropriate technical and organizational security measures are described on
Outbrain’s Security page
.
8.3. Upon becoming aware of a suspected or confirmed Personal Data Breach or Security Incident involving Outbrain Pixel Data collected pursuant to this DSA, each party shall notify the other party without any undue delay, and provide such assistance as reasonably required to allow the other party to comply with its respective obligations under Data Protection Laws.
9. PERSONNEL.
Each party shall be responsible for ensuring that staff members are appropriately trained to handle and process the Personal Data in accordance with their internal technical and organizational security measures, where relevant, together with Data Protection Laws, and have entered into confidentiality agreements relating to the processing of Personal Data.
10. PROCESSORS – SERVICE PROVIDERS.
Each party shall remain independently responsible for appointing its respective Processors and/or Service Providers in accordance with Data Protection Laws.
11. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS.
11.1. Insofar as Personal Data is collected from End Users located within the territory of the EEA or the UK by either party during the course of the Agreement, neither party shall process any Personal Data (nor permit any Personal Data to be processed) in a country outside of the EEA or the UK unless: (i) that country has been designated by the European Commission or the ICO (as applicable) as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Data; or (ii) it has taken such measures as necessary to ensure the transfer is compliant with EU Data Protection Laws.
11.2. The parties agree that for the purposes of any transfer of Personal Data from Customer to Outbrain collected within the EEA to the UK, the requirements of the clause above shall be fully satisfied by the UK Adequacy Decision.
11.3. Outbrain shall be responsible for the onward transfer of Personal Data from the UK to any third party country outside of the EEA as required by (a) the UK Adequacy Decision and/or (b) EU Data Protection Laws, as applicable.
11.4. Within its Affiliates, Outbrain has entered into adequate intragroup data sharing agreements including supplementary measures complying with all requirements of EU Data Protection Laws, which consist of (i) encryption in transit and encryption of UUIDs at rest which can only be decrypted with a private key stored in the EU; (ii) pseudonymization; and (iii) not having received any legally binding request from a public authority, including judicial authorities, under the laws of the country of destination and not being aware of any direct access by public authorities.
11.5. In the event that the UK Adequacy Decision as the lawful ground for international transfers from the EEA to third party countries is no longer applicable, the parties agree that the Controller SCCs shall be incorporated by reference into this DSA and shall govern any international transfer of Personal Data outside of the EEA. For the purpose of the Controller SCCs, the parties fully agree that:
(i) Customer is the "Data Exporter" and Outbrain, the "Data Importer";
(ii) Clause 7 “Docking clause” is deleted;
(iii) The OPTION under Clause 11 “Redress” is deleted;
(iv) Clause 17 “Governing Law” is completed with “Republic of Ireland”
(v) Clause 18 (b) “Choice of forum and jurisdiction” is completed with “Dublin, Republic of Ireland”;
(vi) Annex I to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed with Annex I to this DSA; and
(vii) Annex II to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed by
Outbrain’s Security page
.
12. TERM AND TERMINATION
. This DSA shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue as long as Customer uses the Service.
13. DATA RETENTION.
Outbrain shall not retain any individual data point collected in relation to the Outbrain Pixel for longer than 13 months, unless it constitutes anonymous data.
14. MISCELLANEOUS.
14.1. Neither party shall be in breach of this DSA nor liable for delay in performing, or failure to perform, any of its obligations under the Agreement if such delay or failure results from events, circumstances or causes beyond its reasonable control.
14.2. Failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy under this DSA shall not constitute a waiver of such (or any other) right or remedy under this DSA, the Agreement or Data Protection Laws.
14.3. Customer shall not assign or otherwise transfer its rights or its obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Outbrain.
14.4. Except as expressly stated otherwise and to the extent applicable under Data Protection Laws, nothing in this DSA shall create or confer any rights or other benefits in favor of any person other than a party to this DSA.
14.5. The invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of any term of this DSA shall not affect the remainder of the DSA.
14.6. This DSA shall be governed by the laws specified in the Insertion Order.
ANNEX I
Description of Processing Activities
This Annex forms part of the DSA and describes the processing of Personal Data by Outbrain. When Section 11.5 of the DSA applies, Annex I to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed with this Annex.
A. LIST OF PARTIES
Data Exporter:
Customer name, address and contact details as stated in the Insertion Order.
Activities relevant to the data transferred: Digital services or media delivered through a website or mobile application on which Customer has ownership and control.
Joint Controller (collection whenever Outbrain Pixel is implemented by Customer) and independent Controller (any other processing).
Data Importer:
Outbrain with address and contact details as stated in the Insertion Order.
Activities relevant to the data transferred: Digital advertising services.
Joint Controller (collection whenever Outbrain Pixel is implemented by Customer) and independent Controller (any other processing).
B. DESCRIPTION OF TRANSFER
Categories of Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred:
End Users (Data Subjects who visit or use Customer’s website or application pages or interact with Customer’s campaigns served by Outbrain).
Categories of Personal Data transferred:
Outbrain unique identifier in cookie (if present)
IP address
User Agent data, browser and device type (desktop/mobile, brand, model, operating system and system version), application version, application ID or package name)
Device advertising identifiers
Pages, content visited and events
Time of visit
Broad location
Device time zone
Sensitive data transferred:
No Special Categories of Personal Data are transferred.
Frequency of the transfer:
Whenever Outbrain Pixel is implemented and loaded on events determined by Customer, or whenever Customer shares Third Party Targeting with Outbrain.
Nature of the processing:
Receiving data, including collection, accessing, retrieval, recording, and data entry;
Holding data, including storage, organization and structuring;
Using data, including analyzing, consultation, testing, automated decision making and profiling;
Updating data, including correcting, adaptation, alteration, alignment and combination;
Protecting data, including restricting, encrypting, and security testing;
Sharing data, including disclosure, dissemination, allowing access or otherwise making available;
Returning data to the Data Exporter or Data Subject;
Erasing data, including destruction and deletion.
Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further processing:
Digital advertising services, which include include providing aggregated analytics related to the performance of the Customer’s campaign(s) and/or for enhanced targeting functionality.
Retention period:
An individual data point is retained for no longer than
13 months.
Recipients:
The subject matter, nature and duration can be found on the
Outbrain Trusted Partners page
.
C. COMPETENT SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
In the UK: The Information Commissioner’s Office.
In the EEA: The Supervisory Authority of the Member State of the Customer’s Registered Address as stated in the Insertion Order, or, if not applicable, the Supervisory Authority of the Member State in which the Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred under this Agreement in relation to the Service are located.
Effective July 26th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
1.
Definitions.
Capitalized terms have the following meanings: (a) "Goods" means the goods, software, services and other items supplied or to be supplied under this Purchase Order (if any); (b) "Project" means all Goods and Services; (c) " “Buyer” means the entity specified as the Buyer on the first page of this Purchase Order; (d) "Services" mean the services provided or to be provided under this Purchase Order (if any); (e) “Statement of Work” means the document specifying, without limitation, the scope, objective, and time frame of Project that Supplier will perform for Buyer; (f) "Supplier” means the individual or entity specified as the supplier or vendor; (g) “PO Terms and Conditions” means the terms herein; and (h) “Affiliates” means, with respect to a particular person, any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such person.  The rights and obligations of Buyer in this agreement may only be waived or modified by Buyer, and this must be in writing.
2.
Purchase Order.
The Purchase Order, the PO Terms and Conditions, and any attachments and exhibits, specifications, drawings, notes, instructions and other information, whether physically attached or incorporated by reference (collectively the “Purchase Order”), constitutes the entire agreement between the Buyer and the Supplier. The Purchase Order does not constitute a “firm offer” within the meaning of Section 2-205 of the Uniform Commercial Code or any other laws or regulations with similar effect and may be revoked at any time prior to acceptance.
3.
Acceptance of deliverables.
Deliverables or services will be subject to inspection, test, acceptance or rejection in accordance with the acceptance or completion criteria as specified in the relevant Statement of Work ("SOW”) and/or work authorization. Buyer or Buyer's customer may, at its option, either reject deliverables or services that do not comply with the acceptance or completion criteria for a refund, or require Supplier, upon Buyer's written instruction, to repair or replace such deliverables or re-perform such services without charge and in a timely manner.
4.
Acceptance of the Terms.
Supplier will be deemed to have accepted the PO Terms and Conditions upon the earliest of (a) Supplier’ delivering/shipping the Goods to Buyer or invoicing the Buyer for such Goods, (b) Supplier starting performance of the Services or invoicing the Buyer for such Services, or (c) Supplier’s acceptance of this Purchase Order by other commercially acceptable means.
5.
Supplier Forms.
The Supplier may use its standard business forms to administer the Project under the PO Terms and Conditions, but use of such forms is for Supplier’s convenience only and does not alter the Purchase Order or the PO Terms and Conditions. BUYER WILL NOT BE BOUND BY, AND SPECIFICALLY, OBJECTS TO, ANY TERMS OR CONDITIONS THAT ARE DIFFERENT FROM, INCONSISTENT WITH, OR IN ADDITION TO THESE PO TERMS AND CONDITIONS, UNLESS THE BUYER (a) SPECIFICALLY AGREES TO SUCH TERM OR CONDITION IN A WRITING SIGNED BY BUYER AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES IN THAT WRITING THAT SUCH TERM OR CONDITION REPLACES, OR IS IN ADDITION, TO THE TERMS OR CONDITIONS IN THESE PO TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
6.
Price and Payment.
Unless expressly stated in the Purchase Order, the price specified in the Purchase Order is inclusive of all applicable taxes, freight, packaging, insurance, handling, permits, approvals, licenses and other charges. Prices are not subject to increases or additional charges for any reason; however, Buyer will receive the benefit of any general reduction in Supplier’s prices prior to delivery. Discount periods, if applicable, will commence on the date shipment is received or accepted by Buyer or the date of receipt of invoice, whichever is later. Supplier will separately invoice Buyer (a) for each shipment of Goods, (b) in accordance with any schedule agreed to by Buyer (monthly, quarterly, etc.) and (c) for each milestone payment agreed to by Buyer. If no milestones or schedules have been agreed, Supplier will invoice at the completion of all Services under this Purchase Order. Supplier’s invoice will reference only the relevant Purchase Order and the amounts due thereunder (and no other purchase orders or other amounts due). Unless different payment terms are expressly stated on the purchase order, payment terms shall be net sixty (60) days from the later of: a) the Delivery Date; b) the date of Buyer’s acceptance of the Goods, Services, or Deliverables; or c) Buyer's receipt of Seller's correctly presented invoice. A "correctly presented invoice” will contain the purchase order number sent electronically to Outbrain via its designated invoicing portal or inbox.
7.
Taxes
. Each party will be responsible for identifying, paying and reporting to the relevant authorities all taxes and other governmental fees and charges (and any penalties, interest, and other charges) that are imposed on that party or otherwise required by the transactions governed by this Purchase Order. Supplier may charge and Buyer will pay applicable national, state or local sales or use taxes, value added taxes (“VAT”), or goods and services taxes or similar transaction taxes (“GST”) that Supplier is legally obligated to pay to governmental authorities (collectively, “Taxes”). Supplier’s original invoice to Buyer must state those Taxes separately and meet the requirements for a compliant tax invoice. Supplier will submit to Buyer a valid invoice for VAT, GST and similar Taxes, and comply with all applicable tax filing requirements with respect to payments under this Purchase Order. Buyer may withhold payment until Supplier provides invoices that comply with this Section 7. Buyer may provide Supplier with an exemption certificate or equivalent information acceptable to the relevant taxing authority, in which case, Supplier will not charge or collect the Taxes covered by that certificate. Buyer may deduct or withhold any Taxes that Buyer may be legally obligated to deduct or withhold from any amounts payable to Supplier under this Purchase Order, and payment to Supplier as reduced by those deductions or withholdings will constitute full payment and settlement to Supplier of amounts payable under this Purchase Order. Supplier will provide Buyer with any forms, documents, or certifications as may be required for Buyer to satisfy any information reporting or withholding tax obligations, and to establish Supplier’s compliance with applicable tax filing requirements, with respect to any payments under this Purchase Order.
8.
Cancellation and Modifications.
Buyer may terminate or modify all or any portion of this Purchase Order prior to shipment of any Goods or Supplier’s commencement of performance of Services at no charge and without liability by giving Supplier written notice of such termination or change. Buyer may terminate or modify this Purchase Order for any Goods after shipment and prior to Buyer’s acceptance of such Goods, and Buyer will pay only the shipping expenses for returning such Goods to Supplier’s shipping location and incur no further charge or liability. Upon cancellation of a Purchase Order related to Services after Supplier has commenced performance of such Services, Supplier will promptly terminate the Services and Buyer is only liable to pay for Services performed and liabilities incurred prior to cancellation (except that if the specified fees are a fixed amount, Buyer will pay a pro rata fee to the extent the Services are complete). Upon cancellation, Supplier will promptly deliver to Buyer, without request, all deliverables, Work Product and other items, and all data, reports, summaries, estimates, and any other information or materials as Supplier may have collected or created in performing Services. Supplier is not entitled to payment under any outstanding invoice until delivery of the foregoing items to Buyer is complete.
9.
Audit.
Buyer may upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours examine and make copies of all books and records relating to the Project or, if applicable, make a physical inspection of Supplier’s premises relating to Supplier’s performance of its obligations under the Purchase Order. Supplier will provide reasonable assistance in collecting and reporting data requested by Buyer for the purposes of investigation or audit. For a period of three years after Buyer makes its last payment due under this Purchase Order, or such time frame as required by applicable law, Supplier will keep (in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards), and Buyer may (upon five business days’ notice and during normal business hours) examine, undertake an audit of, and make copies of, all books and records relating to this Purchase Order. If any audit reveals that Supplier has failed to comply with any material obligation under this Purchase Order, Supplier will cure the noncompliance within thirty (30) days of the audit.
10.
Intellectual Property and Other Indemnifications.
Supplier grants Buyer all rights and licenses necessary for Buyer (including Buyer's parent, subsidiaries, or other related legal entities) to use, assign, pass- through, and sell the products or services specified in the PO and to exercise the rights granted under the PO. Supplier agrees to defend, hold harmless, and indemnify Buyer from any claim that Supplier's product or service infringes any intellectual property rights or any claim arising from the failure of Supplier to comply with its warranties and obligations under the PO. If a claim of infringement is made, Supplier will, at its own expense, exercise the first of the following remedies that is practicable:
a) obtain for Buyer the rights granted under the PO;
b) modify the products or services so they are non- infringing and in compliance with the PO;
c) replace the products or services with non-infringing ones that comply with the PO or accept the return of infringing products and the cancellation of infringing services and refund any amount paid. Buyer may return non-conforming goods to Supplier at Supplier's expense.
d) ensure that all authors waive all their rights to the products and services integrity and to be associated with them as authors.
11.
Confidential Information; Publicity.
Supplier and its Affiliates will comply with the terms of any nondisclosure agreement between Supplier (or any of Supplier’s Affiliates) and Buyer (or any of Buyer’s Affiliates) (the "NDA"). If no such agreement exists or the NDA has expired or is no longer in full force and effect, Supplier, its Affiliates and its Personnel will (a) keep confidential the terms and existence of this Purchase Order and all information obtained from Buyer that is identified as confidential or proprietary or that, given the nature of such information or the manner of its disclosure, reasonably should be considered confidential or proprietary and (b) use such information only for the purposes of this Purchase Order.
Buyer’s confidential information includes, without limitation, all supplies, blueprints, sketches, drawings, specifications and other technical or commercial information furnished by or developed for Buyer in connection with the Purchase Order, including Work Product of Supplier. All such information is Buyer’s exclusive property. Supplier will not use any trade name, trademark, service mark, logo or commercial symbol, or any other proprietary rights of Buyer or any of its Affiliates in any manner without prior written authorization. Supplier will not issue any press release or other publicity that relates to Buyer or its Affiliates or this Purchase Order, or reference Buyer or its Affiliates in any brochures, advertisements, client lists or other promotional materials.
12.
Product and Ownership of IP.
If Supplier delivers or is required to deliver to Buyer any deliverable in connection with the Project that is work product, including but not limited to concepts, works, inventions, information, drawings, designs, specifications, customizations, documentation, programs, data, developments, hardware, software, or technology, in each case whether developed by Supplier or its Personnel, either alone or with others, and whether completed or in-progress (any and all of the foregoing, “Work Product”), Buyer owns all right, title and interest (including, but not limited to, all copyrights and any other intellectual property rights) in such Work Product and all precursor Work Product developed in connection with the Project. The Work Product has been specially ordered and commissioned by Buyer as "work made for hire” for copyright purposes. To the extent such deliverable does not so qualify as “work made for hire”, and to the extent such deliverable includes material subject to copyright, patent, trade secret, or any other proprietary right, Supplier hereby assigns to Buyer, its successors and assigns, all right, title and interest in and to the Work Product, including all proprietary rights therein. Supplier agrees to execute, acknowledge, deliver and cause to be duly filed all such further instruments and documents and to do all such other acts and things, as may be requested by Buyer from time to time to secure and preserve Buyer’s rights hereunder, or to enforce, defend or confirm Buyer’s right to exploit those rights. To the extent that ownership of Work Product cannot be transferred under applicable law, Supplier grants or undertakes to procure the grant to the Buyer of a perpetual and irrevocable, royalty free, worldwide license to use any and all proprietary rights. Supplier will, at its own expense and as expeditiously as possible, perform all acts required to perfect any of the foregoing.
13.
Representations and Warranties.
Supplier represents and warrants that (a) the Project is free from defects in design, materials, workmanship and title; (b) the Goods are of good and suitable quality and that all materials and other items incorporated in the Goods will be new (not refurbished or reconditioned), unused and suitable for their intended purpose; (c) the Project does not, in whole or in part, violate, misappropriate or infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, trade dress, copyright or other right of any third party; (d) the Goods conform to the applicable drawings, specifications, and descriptions provided to Buyer, the requirements of this Purchase Order and are of comparable quality as any samples delivered to Buyer; (e) any Services will be provided in a competent and workmanlike manner in accordance with the level of professional care customarily observed by highly skilled and experienced professionals rendering similar services; (f) the Project (including the provision of Services by the Supplier’s Personnel) complies with, and will comply with after delivery and acceptance by the Buyer, all applicable laws, rules regulations and other requirements of applicable governmental authorities, including all applicable health, safety and environmental regulations (including as would be applied to Buyer, upon Buyer’s use and enjoyment of the Project) and all immigration and work status laws and regulations; (g) Supplier and its Personnel will hold and fully comply with all required licenses, permits and approvals to carry out and complete the Project (including, but not by way of limitation, all statutory and regulatory consents and permissions). If the Project is or contains software, Supplier further represents and warrants that: (a) the software does not and will not contain any copy protection, automatic shut-down, lockout, "time bomb" or similar mechanisms that could interfere with Buyer’s or its Affiliates’ exercise of their rights hereunder, (b) the software does not and will not contain any viruses, “trojan horses” or other harmful code; and (c) the software is not subject to any license or other terms that require that other software or documentation incorporating or used with such software be disclosed or distributed in source code form, be licensed for the purpose of making derivative works, or be redistributable at no charge. Supplier further represents and warrants that Supplier and its financial institution(s) are not subject to sanctions or otherwise designated on any list of prohibited or restricted parties or owned or controlled by such a party, including but not limited to the lists maintained by the United Nations Security Council, the US Government (e.g., the US Department of Treasury’s Specially Designated Nationals list and Foreign Sanctions Evaders list and the US Department of Commerce’s Entity List), the European Union or its member states, or other applicable government authority. Supplier will not directly or indirectly export, re-export, transmit, or cause to be exported, re-exported or transmitted, any commodities, software or technology to any country, individual, corporation, organization, or entity to which such export, re-export, or transmission is restricted or prohibited, including any country, individual, corporation, organization, or entity under sanctions or embargoes administered by the United Nations, US Departments of State, Treasury or Commerce, the European Union, or any other applicable government authority.
14.
Defense and Indemnity.
Supplier will defend and indemnify Buyer from any loss, damage, settlement, cost, expense and any other liability (including but not limited to reasonable attorney fees) arising out of any third-party claim arising from, related to or alleging (a) the design, manufacture, possession, ownership, use, sale or transfer of the Project, (b) breach of any of Supplier’s representations, warranties or other obligations under this Purchase Order, (c) any act or omission of Supplier or its Personnel related to the Project, except to the extent caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Buyer as determined by a final, non-appealable order of a court having jurisdiction. Supplier’s duty to defend is independent of its duty to indemnify and Supplier’s obligations under this Section are independent of any other obligation of Buyer under this Purchase Order. If Supplier performs Services on Buyer’s premises, in connection with any action to enforce Supplier’s obligations under this section related to any claim arising out of bodily injury (including death) to any person directly or indirectly employed by Supplier, Supplier waives any immunity, defense or protection under any workers' compensation, industrial insurance or similar laws and assumes liability for such claim. This paragraph will not be interpreted or construed as a waiver of Supplier’s right to assert any such immunity, defense or protection directly against any of its own employees or such employees’ estate or other representatives.
15.
Limitation of Liability.
To the extent permitted by local law in no event will Buyer (including Buyer's parent company, subsidiaries or other related legal entities) and any subcontractor of Buyer be liable for any lost revenues, lost profits, incidental, indirect or consequential or punitive damages.
16.
Notices.
All notices given under this Purchase Order must be delivered to the recipient’s address on the first page of this Purchase Order in written form, and in English, and will be effective when received. Email shall suffice.
17.
Data Protection.
Each Party shall comply with all relevant provisions of applicable privacy, data protection and information security laws and regulations as it applies to matters under theseTerms and ensure that they process personal data fairly and lawfully in accordance with such laws and regulations in the provision and receipt of personal data.
18.
Applicable Law.
This Purchase Order will be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflicts of laws and excluding the U.N. Convention on the Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Supplier irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and of the United States of America, in each case located in the County of New York, for any claim arising out of or relating to this Purchase Order. Supplier waives any objections to jurisdiction and venue in such courts. To the extent permitted by law, all proceedings will be conducted in the English language.
19.
Code of Conduct
.
Supplier agrees to be bound to Outbrain's Vendor Code of Conduct which can be found here https://www.outbrain.com/legal#vendor-code-of-conduct (as updated from time to time).
Effective November 15th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Vendor Code of Conduct
Introduction
The Outbrain Inc. (“
Outbrain
”) Vendor Code of Conduct (“
Code
”) describes Outbrain and Outbrain’s group companies (collectively, the “
Outbrain Group
”) expectations of how its vendors conduct business. All vendors engaged in providing products and services to the Outbrain Group are expected to act in accordance with the Code, including aligning guidelines, policies and practices, and communicating and enforcing the Code provisions throughout their organization and across their supply chain, including to subcontractors.
Vendor Code of Conduct
Ethical Business Practices
The Outbrain Group is committed to conducting our business in accordance with the highest ethical standards and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. We expect our vendors to share our principles and uphold our standards and for each to develop policies and programs as appropriate to ensure that all workers understand and adhere to these standards.
Anti-Bribery
The Outbrain Group does not tolerate corruption or bribery in any form and we expect our vendors to fully comply with requirements of all applicable anti-corruption laws, including but not limited to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act. Vendors will not directly or indirectly give, offer, or accept anything of value to obtain or retain business or favored treatment, to influence actions or to obtain an improper advantage for the Outbrain Group itself, or any third party. This includes any benefit, fee, commission, dividend, gift, cash, gratuity, services, consideration or any inducements of any kind to any Outbrain Group representatives, officers, agents or employees of the Outbrain Group. Furthermore, vendors will ensure the same of any affiliates, retained agents, subcontractors, intermediaries or workers. This prohibition extends not only to public officials, candidates for office, and workers of state-owned enterprises, but also to workers or officers of counterparties, clients/customers, suppliers, any agent of the aforementioned parties, or any other person with whom the business does or anticipates doing business.
Outbrain is fully committed to the international fight against corruption and bribery as well as to compliance with applicable sanction regimes, antiboycott and trade restriction laws. Vendors must not engage in, support or tolerate any activity which infringes or circumvents applicable laws against corruption, bribery, money laundering or terror financing, applicable sanctions, antiboycott and trade restriction or which otherwise could be interpreted as an illegal activity. Additionally, Vendors must not engage with persons, countries or organizations listed on the sanctions lists issued by including but not limited to the European Union (“EU”), the United Nations (“UN”), the US Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), the US Bureau of International Security and Non-Proliferation (“US-ISN”), the US Department of State (“US-DOS”), the US Treasury (“US-TREAS”), and the United Kingdom’s (UK) HM Treasury in addition to all other locally- and regionally-applicable lists, nor shall Vendors associate themselves with criminal activities.
Privacy and Data Protection
We expect our vendors to protect confidential information. Vendors must adopt and maintain processes to provide reasonable protections for personal, proprietary and confidential information, including information that they access, receive or process on behalf of the Outbrain Group. Vendors should recognize that unauthorized use or disclosure of such information may have personal, legal, reputational and financial consequences for the vendor, individuals whose personal information may be implicated, and for the Outbrain Group. In addition, vendors must comply with all applicable privacy / data protection and information security laws and regulations.
Grievance Mechanism
We expect our vendors to have a process through which workers can raise workplace concerns without fear of retaliation. This grievance mechanism should be transparent and understandable to workers, and should ensure the protection of whistleblowers.
Anti-tax evasion and anti-facilitation of tax evasion
The Outbrain Group will not tolerate unlawful tax evasion or the facilitation of unlawful tax evasion. Vendors must not directly or indirectly engage in, or facilitate the engagement by others in, the deliberate and fraudulent diversion of funds from a tax authority. We also expect vendors to ensure the same of their agents, subcontractors, intermediaries and workers by adopting, maintaining and implementing reasonable processes that prevent such conduct.
Labour and Human Rights
The Outbrain Group recognizes its responsibility to protect human rights. Examples of such rights are articulated in internationally recognized standards, including the
Universal Declaration of Human Rights
, and the International Labour Organization (ILO) Core Conventions.
The Outbrain Group does not tolerate slavery, forced labour, child labour or human trafficking in any form and the Outbrain Group will not knowingly work with vendors who engage in these practices or permit their subcontractors to engage in these practices. We expect our vendors to fully comply with requirements of applicable slavery, forced labour and human trafficking laws, including without limitation the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015. Our Modern Slavery Statement is available
here
.
All work must be performed under and in accordance with contracts that have been entered into voluntarily. Vendors must not use involuntary labour of any kind, including prison labour, debt bondage, or forced labour by governments. Vendors must not engage in practices associated with forced labour. These practices,
identified by the International Labour Organization (ILO)
, include withholding of wages, retention of identity documents, and restriction of movement. Vendors should put into place measures that ensure workers are not exploited by third party labour providers, such as recruiters or agencies. Such measures include: caps on or elimination of recruitment fees; provision of contracts to all workers in their native language or other language which they are able to understand; elimination of deposits paid by workers to vendors or recruiters to secure jobs.
Additionally, vendors must not engage in or support human trafficking and are encouraged to implement due diligence measures to ensure that no human trafficking exists within their extended supply chains.
Vendor Diversity and Inclusion
The Outbrain Group believes that diversity is a social and economic imperative and looks to vendors to share this commitment in their operations and within their supply chain. Vendors are expected to take proactive steps to provide a full spectrum of businesses – based on the ownership structure (for example, women owned, locally owned), scale (for example, small or medium enterprise) or nature of the enterprise (for example, social enterprise) – with the opportunity to compete on a fair and equal basis for business.
Environmental Stewardship
Environmental stewardship is a key aspect of how the Outbrain Group operates our business. We encourage our vendors to adhere to similar environmental efforts as appropriate to their businesses and aligned with best practices locally and globally. This includes implementing processes to identify and manage risks and opportunities related to climate change and water.
We encourage our vendors to track, manage, and mitigate the environmental impact of their operations and strategies, including those of their suppliers. Where feasible, vendors should take steps to incorporate how they will mitigate the impact of climate change into their strategies and business resiliency plans, through establishing greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reduction targets, selecting low-GHG products and services, and other initiatives, where relevant.
Vendors are encouraged to take steps to conserve, reduce use of, and reuse water in their own operations. Vendors are also encouraged to manage water resources to ensure their operations do not prevent access to sufficient safe water for all users in surrounding communities, including those both up and downstream from their facilities.
Vendors are encouraged to take concrete steps to minimize or eliminate waste across their operations and those of their suppliers. Any waste, and in particular hazardous waste, must be managed in a responsible manner. Chemical and other materials posing a hazard if released to the environment should be identified and managed to ensure safe handling, movement, storage, recycling or reuse and disposal.
All materials used by vendors must comply with applicable rules, laws, and regulations regarding the prohibition or restriction of specific substances to ensure safe and responsible handling, storage, movement, reuse, recycling and disposal.
Management Systems
The Outbrain Group encourages our vendors to institute effective management systems that utilize the best available techniques and practices to adhere to this Code and continuously improve their performance. This should include a process for the identification and proactive mitigation of risks associated with compliance to this Code, as well as a process for ongoing monitoring and review of risk controls, and prompt and accurate reporting of all incidents.
Examples of management systems with a scope related to the content of this Code include: ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 50001, SA8000, OHSAS 18001 and ISO22301.
Security
The Outbrain Group is committed to complying with the highest industry standards for IT and security. Vendors must acknowledge responsibility for guarding against unauthorized use or disclosure of Outbrain’s information resources and agree to comply with industry standards and/or the security rules  established by Outbrain. Vendor’s applications, databases, hosts, operating systems, or any other software used to facilitate the Services provided to Outbrain should be  delivered according to best practices and current industry standards. Vendors should provide awareness, education, and training for their employees and request contractors to do the same, with the appropriate handling of the company data and derived data.  Vendors should implement encryption standards for data transmission and storage, implement robust access controls to prevent unauthorized access to systems, and establish clear incident response procedures to address security breaches promptly.
Governance
This Code sets forth our expectations for current and future vendors. We expect all new and existing vendors to meet our minimum expectations and to aspire to make continuous improvements to their businesses as noted herein across ethical, human and labour rights, vendor diversity and inclusion and environmental areas.
Any facts or circumstances which are likely to lead to your inability to meet the requirements and expectations of this Code should be reported immediately to your Outbrain Group relationship manager in writing. Retaliation of any kind against an individual who reports concerns in good faith violates the Outbrain Group’s principles and will not be tolerated.
We expect our vendors to join us in our commitment to transparency and disclosure. If requested, vendors are expected to provide details and data about their performance on the topics included in this Code to the business or to other entities.
If a vendor is found to be in violation of the requirements of this Code, we will expect that vendor to inform us immediately or as soon as is practicable and remedy any such violation in a timely and sensitive manner. Failure by a vendor to do so may lead to review or termination of our relationship.
The Outbrain Group is committed to continuously reviewing and updating this Code. Therefore, this Code is subject to modification from time to time. The contents of this Code are additional to and do not in any way affect or prejudice any of the Outbrain Group’s rights and remedies under the relevant contracts with each vendor, if any.
The failure or omission by Outbrain Inc to insist upon strict performance and compliance with any of the provisions of this Code at any time shall in no way constitute a waiver of its rights. In the event of any conflict or ambiguity between any provision of this Code and the provisions of any relevant contract with any vendor, the provisions of that contract will prevail.
Questions
If you have any questions in relation to this Policy or any other policy, please contact ethics@outbrain.com.
Effective January 26th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
ヘッダー・ビディング規約
2022年2月1日制定
この規約（以下「
本規約
」という）は、Outbrain Japan株式会社（以下「
Outbrain
」という）及びヘッダー・ビディング登録フォーム記載のパートナーが、ヘッダー・ビディング登録フォームに規定に従って行われる、1つ又は複数のユニファイド・オークションサービスを通じて促進されるパートナー・インベントリのためのユニファイド・オークションへの参加について規定するものである。
定義
「
広告クライアント
」とは、広告主、代理店及びその他の広告需要を有するサードパーティーソースをいう。
「
広告型レコメンデーション
」とは、広告クライアントがOutbrainネットワークに提供する本レコメンデーションをいう。
「
本コンテンツ
」とは、グラフィックコンテンツ、テキストコンテンツ、オーディオコンテンツ（テキスト、データ、情報、写真、画像、グラフィック、オーディオ、動画その他のコンテンツを含む場合がある）をいう。
「
本データ
」とは、Outbrainがユニファイド・オークションサービスを通じて収集又は作成した全てのデータ（本契約に基づきパートナーに提供されたレポート又はその他のデータを含む）をいう。
「
リンク先ページ
」とは、本レコメンデーションをクリックすることによりアクセスできるウェブページ又はオンライン上の場所をいう。
「
エンドユーザー
」とは、パートナー・インベントリのエンドユーザーたる個人をいう。
「
パートナー・インベントリ
」とは、パートナーのウェブサイト、アプリケーション又はプラットフォーム上の在庫であって、ユニファイド・オークションサービスを通じて、又は、特定のユニファイド・オークションにおいて、パートナーがOutbrainに提供するものをいう。
「
本レコメンデーション
」とは、Outbrainが、ユニファイド・オークションサービスを通じてパートナー・インベントリに配信する本コンテンツの表示をいう。ここで、本レコメンデーションとは、広告型レコメンデーションと同義である。
「
ユニファイド・オークション
」とは、Outbrainが参加するユニファイド・オークションサービス内で行われる、パートナー・インベントリのためのプログラマティック・オークションをいう。
「
ユニファイド・オークションサービス
」とは、第三者が運営するサービス又は
システム的な接続であって、プログラマティック・オークションを促進し、プログラマティック・サプライ・サイド・パートナーその他のプログラマティック・バイヤーが、広告クライアントに代わってパートナー・インベントリへの入札を行うものをいう。
収益及び支払い
パートナーは、記入済みの正確な税務書類その他Outbrainが要求するこれに類する全ての資料（かかる税務書類及び資料を総称して「
税務資料等
」という）を、Outbrainに対し速やかに提供しなければならない。本契約中の別段の定めにかかわらず、Outbrainは、(a) Outbrainがパートナーの税務資料等を受領するまでの間、本契約に基づきパートナーに対して行うべき支払を、違約金又は遅延損害金の支払義務を負うことなしに留保し、(b)本契約に基づきOutbrainがパートナーに対して負う支払額から、Outbrainが支払義務を負う源泉徴収税（適用のあるもの）を、法律の定めるところにより控除することができる。Outbrainは、税務資料等を受領した場合には、前記(a)に基づきパートナーへの支払いが留保されている金額を、実務上合理的に可能な範囲で速やかに支払うための商業上合理的な努力を行う。パートナーへの全ての支払いは、適用される法律の規定に従い、所得税の源泉徴収及びこれに類似する控除の対象となる。
パートナーは、支払いが適切に行われるよう、連絡先及び支払情報を正確にOutbrainに届け出なければならない。また、支払いにあたり、Outbrainの金融機関又は決済サービスプロバイダではなく、パートナーの金融機関又は決済サービスプロバイダに対し手数料が生じる場合には、かかる手数料はパートナーにおいて負担するものとする。Outbrainは、パートナーに対して支払われるべき金額が5000円を下回る場合は、パートナーに対して支払うべき金額が累計5000円を超える月までこれを支払う義務を負わないものとする。Outbrainの支払いに関する一切の紛争は、Outbrainに対して、当該支払いがなされた日から30日以内に書面で提起されなければならない。かかる期間経過後は、パートナーは、当該支払いに関し争う権利を放棄したものとみなされる。
Outbrainが、その合理的な裁量の下、Outbrainがパートナーのパフォーマンスに不正若しくは無効な点があると考えるとき、又は、Outbrainが広告クライアントから返金を求められたときは、Outbrainは、パートナーへの支払いを留保し、相殺し、又は、当該支払いの返金を求める権利を有する。無効なアクティビティへの該当性は、いかなる場合にもOutbrainが判断を行う。無効なアクティビティは、以下の行為からなるものを含むがこれに限らない。
人物、ボット、自動プログラム又はそれに類似した手段により生成された広告型レコメンデーションの無効なクリック又はインプレッション（パートナーのIPアドレス又はパートナーの管理下にあるコンピューターからなされたクリック又はインプレッションを含む）
金銭の支払いを伴うクリック若しくはインプレッション、虚偽の表示により生成されたクリック若しくはインプレッション、又は、エンドユーザーに広告型レコメンデーションのクリックを行うこと若しくはその他の行為を要請したことにより生成されたクリック若しくはインプレッション
(i)及び(ii)が相当量混ざりこんだクリック又はインプレッション
Outbrainは、Outbrainが有する他の権利及び救済に加えて、(i) 本契約に基づきOutbrainがパートナーに負っている債務の支払いを留保し、又は、かかる債務を、本契約又は他の契約に基づきパートナーがOutbrainに対して負っている債務と相殺すること、及び、(ii) 過去にOutbrainからパートナーに対する過払いがあった場合には、Outbrainは、パートナーに対し、任意の請求書の発行から30日以内に、Outbrainに対し、当該金額の返金を行うよう求めることができる。パートナー・インベントリに広告型レコメンデーションを掲載したOutbrainの広告クライアントがOutbrainに対する支払を怠った場合、Outbrainは支払いを留保し、又は、パートナーに返金を求めることができる。
プライバシー
Outbrain及びパートナーは、それぞれのウェブサイトにおいて、適用のある全ての法令に準拠したプライバシー通知又はプライバシーポリシーを、容易にアクセス及び発見が可能な形で継続的に掲載する。パートナーは、当該プライバシー通知又はプライバシーポリシーにおいて、パートナー・インベントリにおけるデータの収集及び利用にかかるサードパーティテクノロジーの使用について、開示を行わなければならない。Outbrainのプライバシーポリシーは、
このリンク
から閲覧することができる。
両当事者は、パートナー・インベントリを通じて取り扱われるエンドユーザーのデータに関しては、独立した管理者として位置づけられ、各当事者は、関連するデータ保護法の遵守については引き続き個別に責任を負うものとする。サードパーティークッキーの設置及び使用、並びに、該当するエンドユーザーからの取得が必要とされるクッキーに対する同意を取り付けることに関し全てのデータ保護法令を順守することは、パートナーの義務であり、Outbrainの義務ではない。パートナーは、Outbrainが、エンドユーザーのデータの取扱いに関して、パートナーが法令に即した取扱いをしていることに依拠していることを認識している。したがって、パートナーは、(i) パートナーが正当な利益（legitimate interest）に依拠する場合には、OutbrainによるOutbrainサービスの提供が考慮された正当な利益評価（legitimate interest assesment）をパートナーが完了していることを保証し、(ii) パートナーが同意に依拠する場合には、パートナーは、IAB Methodologyに則って（該当する場合）、同意管理プラットフォーム（consent management platformを指す。以下本号において同様とする。）を通じてエンドユーザーにOutbrainを開示し、Outbrainに対して明確な同意又は明確な不同意のシグナルを送信すること（すなわち、パートナーは、同意管理プラットフォームを通じて、Outbrainに対して、無効又は有効でないシグナルを送信してはならない。）を保証する。パートナーは、同意に依拠する場合には、IAB Methodologyに従ってコンセントストリング（consent string）を収集し、全てのビッドリクエスト（bid request）において、コンセントストリングをOutbrainにオブジェクトとして提供するものとする。上記にかかわらず、両当事者は、エンドユーザーに対し、ユーザー選択メカニズム（user-choice mechanism。Network Advertising Initiative、Digital Advertising Alliance、European Digital Advertising Allianceのオプトアウトページ、又は、Outbrainのプライバシーポリシーを通じた直接的なオプトアウト、又は、その両方等）へのアクセスを提供しなければならない。エンドユーザーが、（Outbrainではなく）パートナーに対して通知が送られるメカニズム（デバイスの設定等）を通じて行動ターゲティング広告をオプトアウトした場合、パートナーは、当該エンドユーザーの広告IDその他の識別メカニズムをOutbrainに送信してはならない。
Engage Data Sharing Agreement
（https://www.outbrain.com/legal#data-processing-agreement）の条項は、本契約に組み込まれ、本契約の一部を構成するものとする。
ライセンス
Outbrainは、本契約の有効期間（以下「
本契約期間
」という）中、パートナーが本契約の全ての条項を完全に遵守することを条件として、提供された様式及びフォーマットにてパートナー・インベントリにおいて本レコメンデーションの表示を行うことについての、限定的、非独占的、取消可能、サブライセンス不可、譲渡不可のライセンスをパートナーに許諾する。
Outbrainは、本契約期間中、パートナーに対し、広告型レコメンデーションに組み込まれているOutbrainの商標、サービスマーク及びロゴ（総称して「
Outbrainマーク
」という。）を、本契約に基づくパートナーの権利及び義務に厳格に従って使用及び表示するための限定的、全世界的、非独占的かつ無償のライセンスを付与する。パートナーによるOutbrainマークの使用により築かれた信用（good will）はOutbrainにのみ帰属する。Outbrainは広告型レコメンデーションを実装したパートナー又はパートナーのリストにパートナー及びパートナー・インベントリの名前を載せることができる（マーケティング資料及び販売資料を含む）。上記にかかわらず、各当事者は本契約に関するプレスリリース、又は、本契約で定める以外で自己のウェブサイト上で相手方の名前を使用する場合には、相手方の書面による同意を事前に得るものとする。
両当事者間においては、(a) ユニファイド・オークションサービスにおいて表示又は提供されるOutbrainマーク、本データ及び本コンテンツに関する全ての権利、権限及び利益（パートナー・インベントリに由来する本コンテンツであってパートナーに帰属するものを除く）は、Outbrainに帰属し、(b) 本項(a) に定めるものを除き、パートナー・インベントリに関する全ての権利、権限及び利益（ルックアンドフィールを含む。また、これらに関する全ての知的財産権を含む）はパートナーに帰属するものとする。
本契約に基づき許諾されるライセンスは、本契約に明示的に規定されているものに限定され、黙示的に付与される権利は存在しない。本契約においてパートナーに明示的に付与されていない全ての権利は、Outbrainに留保される。
禁止行為
パートナーは、広告型レコメンデーションを、アダルトコンテンツ、猥褻なコンテンツ、性的コンテンツ、名誉を毀損するコンテンツ、中傷的コンテンツ、侵害的コンテンツ、虐待的コンテンツ、フェイクコンテンツ、虚偽コンテンツ、違法コンテンツ、並びに、ヘイトスピーチ若しくは差別を促進させるコンテンツ、銃器及び違法薬物の売買を促進するコンテンツ、又は、違法な行為に加担し若しくは加担することを促すコンテンツ、又は、16歳未満の児童向けのコンテンツを表示し若しくはこうしたコンテンツを含むページに実装しない。Outbrainは、独自の裁量で、いつでも、広告型レコメンデーションを無効にする権利を留保する。
パートナーは、本契約において明示的かつ明確に許可された場合を除き、広告型レコメンデーションの複製、賃借、賃貸、売買、譲渡、移転、サブライセンス、逆アセンブル、リバースエンンニアリング、逆コンパイル（適用される法令により明示的に許可された範囲に限って行う場合を除く）を行ってはならず、また、広告型レコメンデーションの全部又は一部を修正若しくは変更し、又は、第三者のために若しくは第三者の利益のために使用してはならない。
契約解除
各当事者は、相手方が本契約に関し重大な違反を犯し、相手方が当該違反に関する書面による通知を受領してから7日間が経過しても当該違反が解消されない場合、いつでも本契約を解除することができる。
本契約は、ヘッダー・ビディング登録フォームに別段の定めがない限り、30日前の書面による予告通知をもって解除することができる。本契約の満了又は解除と同時に、本契約上の両当事者の全ての権利及び義務は消滅する。ただし、本契約第8条、第9条及び第11条並びにその性質上契約終了後も存続すべきその他の条項は、本契約の終了後も存続し、引き続き両当事者を拘束する。
限定的保証及び補償
各当事者は相手方に対して以下の事項を表明し保証する。
本契約を締結し、かつ、本契約に基づく義務を履行する権利、能力及び権限の一切を保有していること。
本契約の履行に際して、適用される法律、規則及び命令の一切を遵守すること。
パートナーは、パートナー・インベントリに、(i) 違法な本コンテンツ、(ii) 第三者の知的財産権を侵害する本コンテンツ、(iii) わいせつ、名誉毀損、中傷的な内容又は第三者のパブリシティ権、プライバシー権若しくは人格権を侵害する内容を含む本コンテンツ、(iv) 意図的に、事実と異なる内容を含ませ又は事実を正確に反映していない内容を含む本コンテンツが含まれておらず、今後も含まれないことを表明保証する。
本契約のいかなる規定も、Outbrainが最低トラフィック量、クリック量、インプレッション量、使用量その他の事項について、Outbrainがパートナーに対して約束するものとは解釈されない。
本契約で明確に規定された場合を除き、いずれの当事者も、本契約、パートナー・インベントリ、Outbrainが提供する本コンテンツ及びその他の事項に関して、明示黙示を問わず、一切、表明又は保証を行わない（満足できる品質を有していること、若しくは、特定の目的（目的が何であるかを問わない）に適合するものであることについての黙示の保証、又は、サービスが中断なく若しくはエラーなく常時使用できることについての保証、サービス若しくは取引に際して生じるあらゆる保証を含む。）。
Outbrainは、本コンテンツ（広告型レコメンデーションを含むがこれに限られない）に関していかなる表明保証も行わず、その内容、正確性、知的財産権の侵害、合法性及び品位、並びに、これらに対するパートナーの信頼について、責任や義務を負わないものとする。
各当事者（以下「
補償当事者
」という）は、相手方、相手方の親会社及び関連会社、並びに、それらの関連会社、取締役、役員、株主、社員、代表者、従業員及び代理人（以下あわせて「
被補償当事者
」という）を、本契約において定められた補償当事者の表明保証違反又は義務違反若しくはそのおそれが原因で第三者により提起された訴えに関するすべての請求、損失、責任、損害、費用、和解金、規制当局による調査結果、罰金、過料及びその他の支出（合理的な弁護士費用を含む）（以下総称して「
本クレーム
」という）から補償し、防御し、何ら損失を被らせないものとする。被補償当事者は、本クレームについて補償当事者に速やかに通知しなければならない。ただし、かかる通知の遅滞は、その遅滞により補償当事者が実際に損害を被った範囲を除き、補償当事者の義務を一切軽減しない。被補償当事者は、補償当事者の指揮の下、自らが選任し、費用を負担する弁護士と共に、本クレームの防御及び和解に参加する権利を有する。
秘密保持
各当事者（以下「
受領当事者
」という）は、相手方（以下「
開示当事者
」という）の事業、技術、商品及びサービスに関する一定の情報及び資料（本契約の条件を含む）であって、機密であるもの又は開示の状況から機密であることが合理的に判断されるもの（以下「
秘密情報
」という）を受領しうることになることを認識する。秘密情報には、(a) 開示当事者による開示の前に受領当事者が知っていた情報、(b) 受領当事者が開示当事者の秘密情報に関係なく独自に開発した情報、(c) 受領当事者の責によらずに公知であり又は公知となった情報、(d) 第三者が秘密保持義務に違反することなく受領当事者に開示した情報は含まれない。本契約ににおいて許可される場合を除き、受領当事者は、(aa) 自ら又は第三者のために秘密情報を使用せず、(bb) 自らの取締役、従業員、委託先、アドバイザー、投資家又は潜在的投資家であって、当該秘密情報を知る必要があり、かつ、当該秘密情報について本第8条と同等の秘密保持義務を負う者以外の第三者に秘密情報を開示してはならない。受領当事者は、開示当事者の書面による要請があった場合、遅滞なく秘密情報を返却又は破棄するものとする。上記にかかわらず、受領当事者は、適用される法令又は法令上の手続きにより要求される範囲において、秘密情報を開示することができる。ただし、当該開示は、受領当事者が、要求された開示について、開示当事者に対して遅滞なく書面による通知を行い、当該開示について異議を申し立て、又は、開示の範囲を制限するために開示当事者が行う努力に対し、（開示当事者の費用負担において）受領当事者が合理的な協力を提供した場合に限り、行うことができるものとする。
責任制限
当事者は、(i) 自ら又はその従業員若しくは下請業者の過失に起因する死亡又は人身傷害に関する責任、 (ii) 詐欺又は悪意の不実表示に関する責任、(iii) 法令上免除又は限定できない責任については、相手方に対する責任を免除又は限定されないものとする。
第11.1条の定めに該当する場合を除き、いずれの当事者も、本契約に関連し、又は、本契約違反により生じる(a) 特別損害、間接損害、付随損害、結果損害、(b) グッドウィル又は評判の損失、(c) データの損失、(d) 契約、取引、予想された節約の損失、(e) 利益の損失については、当該損失又は損害発生の可能性について当該当事者が知らされていたかどうかを問わず、また、当該損失又は損害がどのように発生したかを問わず、当該損害が契約法理論、不法行為（過失を含む）、法律上の義務又はその他の理論に基づくものであるかを問わず、一切の法的責任を負わない。
第11.1条の定めに該当する場合、及び、当事者の一方が相手方の知的財産の侵害又は不正流用を行ったことに起因する責任を除き、いかなる場合も、本契約又は本契約の違反（契約法理論、不法行為（過失を含む）、法律上の義務又はその他の理論に基づくものであるかを問わない）に起因又は関連する当事者の責任総額は、(i) 1000万円、又は、 (ii) 責任の発生原因たる事象（一連の関連する事象である場合は、当該事象の最初の事象）の発生の直近12ヶ月間にパートナーに支払われ又は支払われるべき本収益の金額の125％のいずれか大きい方を超えないものとする。
当事者は、本契約に規定された各当事者の責任に関する制限が、いかなる状況においても合理的であると受け入れることを相互に確認する。
輸出管理
パートナーは、輸出に関する全ての法律、規制、並びに米国商務省、米国財務省外国資産管理局（以下「
OFAC
」という）その他米国若しくはその他の国の機関若しくは当局の規則を遵守する。また、パートナーは、当該法律、規制、規則に違反してユニファイド・オークションサービスを輸出せず、また、輸出若しくは再輸出を許可しない。パートナーは、上記に同意し、また、パートナーが制限国に所在しておらず、制限国の支配下におかれておらず、制限国の国民又は居住者ではないことを表明保証する。パートナーは、パートナー又はパートナーの持分若しくは支配権を有する個人、団体、組織、取締役その他の役員が、米国の法律、規則、命令により米国企業及び個人が取引することを禁じられている個人、団体、組織（特定国籍業者リストに列挙されている者を含む）に該当しないことを表明し保証する。
反社会的勢力の排除
各当事者は、現在及び将来、以下に該当しないことを表明する。
暴力団、暴力団員、暴力団員でなくなってから５年が経過していない者、暴力団関連企業、総会屋、社会運動標榜ゴロ、特殊知能暴力集団及びこれらに相当する者。
当事者が11.aにつき虚偽の表明をした場合、相手方は、他の権利及び救済手段に影響を与えることなく、本契約を終了することができる。
雑則
本契約は日本法に準拠して解釈され、抵触法に関する規定や国連国際物品売買条約の適用はないものとする。
当事者は、本契約に関連して生じる一切の紛争について、東京地方裁判所を第一審の専属的合意管轄裁判所とする。
両当事者は、本契約の条項の記載に従って義務の履行がなされない場合、回復不可能な損害が生じ得ることを認識している。これにかんがみ、両当事者は、法令上認められる救済に加えて、本契約違反を防止し、本契約の実効性を確保するために、各当事者が差止による救済措置を受ける権利を有することに同意する。
各当事者は独立した契約者であり、本契約のいかなる内容も、当事者間にパートナーシップ、ジョイントベンチャー、代理その他の関係性を構築するものとは解釈されない。
当事者が本契約に基づく権利を行使せず、又は相手方の義務の履行を求めないことは、いかなる範囲においても、当該権利又は義務を放棄したものとはみなされない。また、当事者が、相手方による本契約上の義務の不履行又は違反に関して有する権利を放棄した場合であっても、本契約上の他の義務の不履行若しくは違反、又はその後の不履行若しくは違反に関して有することとなる権利を放棄したものとはみなされない。
いずれの当事者も、当事者の合理的な支配を超えた事由による義務の不履行について責任を負わないものとする。
本契約は、本契約の目的たる事項に関する当事者間の完全な合意を構成するものであり、当該目的に関する書面又は口頭による全ての事前又は同時に交わされた合意又は了解に取って代わるものとする。
ヘッダー・ビディング登録フォームは、両当事者が署名した書面によってのみ、修正又は、変更することができる。
本規約は、上記の日付より有効とする。Outbrainは、本規約を随時変更することができるものとし、変更後の契約条件は、変更後の利用規約によるものとする。
本契約の見出しは、参照の便宜を図るためのものにすぎず、法的な効力は有しない。
本契約は、電磁的記録の送信又は完全かつ正確な複製が可能なその他の方法により締結することができる。かかる方法によって交付された本契約の副本は、あらゆる目的においてその原本とみなされる。
本契約は、複数の副本により締結することができ、各副本はいずれも正本とみなされ、その全てが一体となって一つの契約を構成する。
本契約中の条項が、その理由にかかわらず有効ではないと判断された場合、当該条項は、当該条項が有効なものとなるために必要な限度で修正される。修正によって有効な条項とすることができない場合、当該条項は本契約から分離され、本契約の残りの条項は完全に有効なものとして存続する。
各当事者は、相手方の書面による事前の同意がない限り、本契約又は本契約上の権利若しくは義務を譲渡してはならない。ただし、(i) 法律の適用上当然に譲渡される場合、合併、組織再編、買収若しくは支配権の変更の結果として譲渡される場合、及び、(ii) Outbrainがグループ企業に対して譲渡する場合はこの限りではない。上記を条件として、本契約は、両当事者、及び、承継人又は譲受人となることを許された者を拘束し、それらの者の利益のために効力を生ずるものとする。
Effective February 28th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
1. Definitions
:
1.1. “
Consent
”
means
a statement or a clear affirmative action (opt in)
made by a Data Subject that is
freely given, distinct, specific, informed and unambiguous, with
each
different purpose
for processing
presented under different consent mechanisms;
1.2. “
Data Protection Laws
”
means all laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant public authority
or Supervisory Authority
(including, in the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office)
applicable from time to time to Outbrain or
Vendor
relating to the processing of Personal Data and the privacy of electronic communications, including (
i
) the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR) and the UK Data Protection Act 2018; (ii) the Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive 2002/58/EC (as updated by Directive 2009/136/EC) (ePrivacy Directive) and the UK Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (SI 2003 No. 2426) (PECR) as updated from time to time
;
1.3. "
Controller
",
"
Processor
",
"
Data
Subject
", “
Personal Data
”,
“
process
”(including “
processing
”), "
Special Categories of Personal Data
" and “
Supervisory Authority
” shall have the meanings given in Data Protection Laws.
2. Vendor shall comply with all relevant provisions of Data Protection Laws as applicable and ensure that they process personal data fairly and lawfully in accordance with such laws in the provision and receipt of Personal Data.
3. Outbrain and Vendor shall be deemed independent controllers under Data Protection Laws and each party shall remain solely and exclusively responsible for determining the means and purposes of processing for its respective processing activities.
4.  Vendor is solely responsible for determining the means, purposes and appropriate legal bases for collecting and processing Personal Data from B2B leads, prospects, contacts and similar
Data Subjects prior to sharing this information with Outbrain
.
5. Vendor
shall disclose, via an appropriate privacy notice, all information relating to the processing activities
where the Personal Data being processed is obtained directly from the Data Subject or where such Personal Data is obtained from a third party or publicly available sources, as
required under Data Protection Laws.
Such information shall make clear that recipients of Personal Data
include Outbrain and shall include
information on the process to object to the
parties’
legitimate interest (opt out) or to withdraw consent,
as
applicable.
6. When collecting Personal Data from
Data Subjects
from publicly available sources (such as social networks), Vendor shall ensure to provide clear and comprehensive information to Data Subjects about the purposes of the collection and processing of any Personal Data at the earliest: (
i
) within one month of the collection; (ii) at the time of the first communication with the Data Subject; or (iii)
before the Personal Data is first disclosed to
Outbrain
.
7. If Vendor relies on legitimate interest as a legal basis to collect and process Personal Data, Vendor shall ensure that the following measures are implemented prior to the collection: (
i
) the Data Subject is given the possibility to object to the collection, processing and sharing of their Personal Data (opt out) at the time of the collection, or at the latest at the time of the first information of the Data Subject as referred to
in the clause above;
(ii)
a legitimate interest assessment is performed to document Vendor’s and other relevant third parties’ legitimate interest
whenever required by Data Protection Laws
; and
(iii)
Personal Data is only collected in jurisdictions where legitimate interest is a lawful legal basis for this given purpose.
8. Vendor
shall rely on Consent
w
here legitimate interest is not a
lawful
legal basis for processing Personal Data for a given purpose
. In such case
,
Vendor
will request clearly from Data Subjects, through a separate consent mechanism, to consent to their Personal Data to be shared with
Outbrain
.
9. Vendor
shall not collect and share
with Outbrain
any Special Categories of Personal Data
or
Personal Data relating or pertaining to
minors
.
10. Vendor shall not provide more Personal Data to Outbrain than strictly necessary for the purpose of processing
.
Vendor
is responsible for the cleansing and the accuracy of Personal Data collected through
t
hird
p
arty providers, including removing categories of Personal Data not necessary for the purpose
.
11. Vendor shall ensure that their providers and suppliers, whether they are Controllers or Processors under Data Protection Laws, including data brokers, collect and process all
Personal Data shared with Outbrain in compliance with Data Protection Laws. When collecting Personal Data from bought-in data sets and data brokers, Vendor shall ensure that such third parties are subject to all requirements of this
Addendum
, in particular that: (
i
) Data Subjects have been provided with clear and comprehensive information about the purposes of the collection and processing of their Personal Data, in a timely manner and as referred to in
this
Section 6.
; (ii) the source of the collection and the list of recipients (or categories of recipients)
of the Personal Data, including Outbrain;
(iii) t
he data providers have been relying upon a lawful legal basis for the collection and processing.
12. If
Vendor
is not able to provide reasonable assurance that Personal Data sets from data
brokers
have been sourced in compliance with Data Protection Laws,
such Personal Data must not be shared with
Outbrain.
Effective January 30th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
効力発生日：2024年1月1日
このアンプリファイ規約は、上記の効力発生日に修正され、同日から適用される取引条件となる。Outbrain Japan株式会社はアンプリファイ規約を随時変更、修正、又は更新することができる。
アンプリファイ規約
The Amplify Terms vary according to the country where your billing address is located. Please use your billing country below to view the applicable Amplify Terms.
My billing address is located in:
United States of America
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Ter
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Channel Islands
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos Island
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Ter
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Great Britain
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Hawaii
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea South
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malaysia
Malawi
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Midway Islands
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Nambia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherland Antilles
Netherlands (Holland, Europe)
Nevis
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau Island
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Montenegro
Republic of Serbia
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
St Barthelemy
St Eustatius
St Helena
St Kitts-Nevis
St Lucia
St Maarten
St Pierre & Miquelon
St Vincent & Grenadines
Saipan
Samoa
Samoa American
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks & Caicos Is
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (Brit)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wake Island
Wallis & Futana Is
Yemen
Zaire
Zambia
アンプリファイ規約（以下「本規約」という）は、Outbrain Japan株式会社（以下「アウトブレイン」という）と、広告掲載申込書又はアウトブレインのダッシュボードを利用する事業主体（以下「顧客」という）との間で締結される。顧客は、本規約に準じて本サービス（以下第1.1条にて定義される）を利用し、本規約及び顧客の作成する広告掲載申込書又はアウトブレインダッシュボード（以下「ダッシュボード」という）を通じて入力された情報が両当事者間の全ての合意事項（以下「本契約」という）を構成するものとする。特別の定めがある場合を除き、 (i)広告掲載申込書の条件又はダッシュボードを通じて入力された条件（以下「キャンペーン詳細」という）と(ii) 本規約との間に齟齬がある場合には、キャンペーン詳細が優先する。
第1条 　サービス
第1.1条
アウトブレインは、オンラインプロパティのネットワーク（以下「ネットワーク」という）と提携し、ウェブサイトへの誘導を行うリンクが付されたユーザーインターフェイスの表示を行う。アウトブレインは、独自のアルゴリズム、配信手法、及び高度な購入ツールを使用して、顧客の代わりに関連するオーディエンスに広告を提供します（以下「本サービス」という）。
第1.2条
アウトブレインは、本サービスを通じて、ネットワーク上に、顧客の選択するグラフィック、テキスト、映像又は音声コンテンツへのリンクを表示する。当該リンク、リンクに付随する見出し、画像、ビデオ、及び、リンクからアクセスできる対象ページを総称して「本コンテンツ」という。アウトブレインは、(i) 顧客のキャンペーンの終了日、(ii) 顧客の予算に達した時点、又は(iii) キャンペーンが無効になった時点のいずれか最も早い時点までの間、ネットワークにおける本コンテンツの配信を継続する。（但し、アウトブレインは配信停止された本コンテンツに関する追加の本動作分(第5.1条にて定義される）について請求する権利を留保する。これについては、
FAQ
を参照。）
第1.3条
アウトブレインは、 (i) 本コンテンツの配置、位置付け、提供のタイミング、(ii) 本コンテンツ上のクリック又はインプレッション（特定オーディエンスセグメントのクリックも含む）、又は(iii)コンバージョンを保証しない。本料金（第5条にて定義される）が顧客の予算に達しない場合、顧客の救済措置は、(i) 第2条の規定に従って適用されるキャンペーンの終了日の延期、(ii) 予算を達成することを目的とした本コンテンツの置き換え、又は追加、(iii) 本コンテンツに対して発生した本料金の支払いのいずれかに限られるものとする。アウトブレインは、いかなる場合にも、本コンテンツへの誘導の失敗に関し責任を負わない。
第1.4条
アウトブレインは、キャンペーンに関するレポートを顧客に提供する。アウトブレインは、最終月次レポート（日次レポートと異なる場合がある）に基づいて、顧客が支払うべき料金の計算を行う。顧客は、アウトブレインと互換性のある自らのトラッカーを提出することができる。顧客の計測値とアウトブレインの計測値の間に10%以上の乖離がある場合には、両当事者は誠意を持って協力し、アウトブレインに支払われるべき正確な金額を決定する。乖離が10%に満たない場合には、アウトブレインの計算値を最終的な数値とする。
第2条　本コンテンツ
第2.1条
顧客は本コンテンツに対して完全な責任を負うものとする。顧客は、本コンテンツをネットワークに掲載することを許可する権利を有し、アウトブレインに対し許可する。作成者または生成者が顧客又は顧客の代理人のいずれであるかを問わず、顧客が本コンテンツの見出しのすべての文言及び画像を使用する権利を有し又はその旨の承諾を得ていなければならない。 本コンテンツの見出し及び画像が本コンテンツのトーン及び主題を正確に反映していなければならない。アウトブレイン（及び/又は統合されたツール）が本コンテンツ、見出し、及び/又はキャンペーンに関する推薦を提供する場合、顧客は引き続き完全に責任を負います。
第2.2条
顧客は、直接又は間接を問わず、(i) わいせつ、誹謗、中傷、名誉棄損、ポルノ、暴力的、冒涜的、社会通念上好ましくない若しくは非合法な内容のコンテンツ、(ii) 事実に関して不正確で誤解を招く若しくは欺瞞的なコンテンツ、又は、(iii) ねずみ講、賭博、違法薬物の販売ないし使用、特定の個人ないし集団に対する差別または嫌がらせ等、違法行為をあおり又は触発する本コンテンツを提供しないものとする。また、本コンテンツは、(a) 本サービスへの入稿時と異なるリンク先にリダイレクトしてはならず、 (b) アウトブレインへの入稿時の本コンテンツから記載内容を変更してはならない。
第2.3条
本コンテンツは、随時改定されるアウトブレインの
広告ガイドライン
に準拠しなければならない。アウトブレインは、その単独の裁量により、本コンテンツを拒否又は削除することができる。
第2.4条
顧客は、アウトブレインが本コンテンツに責任を負わないことを了承し、また、本コンテンツの作成者による修正又は読者からのコメント等により、本コンテンツがキャンペーン中に変更される場合があることを承諾する。顧客は、かかる変更の際、当該本コンテンツをキャンペーンから削除すること又は他の本コンテンツを選択することのいずれか又は両方をアウトブレインに指示しなければならない。本コンテンツの作成者又はパブリッシャー等が、本コンテンツに対して異議を唱えた場合、顧客は、アウトブレインが、
Terms of Use
の第2条に則り、その単独の裁量により、当該本コンテンツを本サービスから削除することまたは本コンテンツの修正を顧客に対して要求することを了承する。
第2.5条
両当事者は、本コンテンツのアンチマルウェアによるスキャン処理のシステムを導入するものとする。通知があった場合、両当事者は直ちにネットワークから不審な本コンテンツの削除を行わなくてはならない。
第3条　期間と解除
当事者は、キャンペーン詳細に、個別のキャンペーンの開始日と終了日を定めるものとする。かかる定めにかかわらず、(i) 顧客は、アウトブレインに対し、2営業日前までに書面をもって通知し又は12時間前までにダッシュボードを通じて通知することにより、理由を問わず本契約又は個別のキャンペーンを中断又は終了させることができ、(ii) アウトブレインは、顧客に対し、2日前までに書面をもって通知することにより、理由を問わず、本契約あるいは個別のキャンペーンを中断または終了させることができる。当該予告期間中、通知前に契約されたキャンペーンは、キャンペーン詳細に従って継続されるものとし、顧客は、アウトブレインに対し、予告期間の最終日までに発生した全ての本料金について支払う義務を負う。また、顧客が本契約の定めに違反していると合理的に判断した場合、アウトブレインは、その裁量により、顧客による本サービスの利用の全部又は一部を停止、もしくは終了する権利を留保する。
第4条　 キャンペーン詳細
顧客は、アウトブレインのダッシュボードを通じ、オンラインレポートにアクセスし、キャンペーンを管理することができる。なお、アウトブレインは、ダッシュボードに登録された顧客の特定の個人情報を取扱うことができる。アウトブレインは、顧客の質問及び要請に対応するために、当該個人情報を収集、処理することができ、顧客に特定の本サービスについてのアクセスを提供し、顧客の身元を承認し、また、本サービスの使用について顧客と連絡を取ることができる。顧客は、自らログインし、ダッシュボードから、要求又は承認したすべての変更（直接的、又は間接的にアウトブレインのAPIを介して行った変更を含む）について単独で責任を負う。顧客は、そのダッシュボードへのログイン及びパスワードの保護について単独で責任を負う。顧客は、ダッシュボードを用いてキャンペーン詳細を変更することによりキャンペーンを管理し、及び／又は、アウトブレインの定める通り、アウトブレインのアカウントマネージャーと相互に協力し合うオプションを有する。
第5条　料金及び支払い条件
第5.1条
ネットワーク上に表示される広告は以下のいずれかの支払い方法により決定される：(i)クリック単価（以下「CPC」という）、(ii)コスト・パー・ミル・インプレッション（以下「CPM」という）、(iii)視聴完了単価（以下「CPCｖ」といい、動画広告／コンテンツの50％以上が最初から最後まで継続的に再生されたとき、1つのコンプリーテッドビューとしてカウントされるものとする）、(iv)コスト・パー・ミル・ビューワブルインプレッション (以下「vCPM」といい、動画広告面積の50%以上の領域が2秒以上表示されたとき、1つのビューワブルインプレッションとしてカウントされるものとする。）、及び／又は (v)その他、当事者間で随時合意した望ましい動作（以下、それぞれを「本動作」という）。料金は顧客が事前に指定した最大予算内で、本動作の数及び本サービスにかかる費用（以下、「本料金」とする）に基づいて算出されるものとする。顧客は、キャンペーン詳細に指定された最大予算内でアウトブレインのトラッキングシステムで測定した本料金を、アウトブレインに対し支払うものとする。アウトブレインは、適用される国若しくは地域の消費税、事業税又は付加価値税を請求し、又は、法律上アウトブレインが請求しなければならないものとされている当該国固有の費用を請求することができる。CPCがキャンペーンの指標として使用される場合、当該CPCは、アウトブレインが指定する最低CPC（市場の状況により随時異なる）であって当該時点において有効な数値未満であってはならない。顧客がアウトブレインの自動入札機能を使用する場合、顧客は、アウトブレインに対し、顧客のキャンペーン目標達成のサポートのために、アウトブレインがその裁量により顧客のCPCを設定及び修正することができる権利を付与する。顧客は、キャンペーンのために利用した第三者の広告に関して発生するすべての費用を負担する。疑義を避けるために記載するが、アウトブレインは、顧客のキャンペーンに関し、顧客が第三者に対し支払った費用（サードパーティトラッカーの利用料を含むがこれに限られない）を負担する義務を負わない。顧客は、ダッシュボード又は広告掲載申込書の締結済修正案により、予算を増額もしくは減額することができる。
第5.2条
顧客が広告掲載申込書に署名した場合、広告掲載申込書に別途取決めがなされている場合を除き、通常、翌月末日までに、アウトブレインから顧客に対し料金の請求が行われる。顧客は当該掲載     月の末日から6     0日以内にすべての請求金額を支払うものとする。料金請求に関して、第5.3条に基づいて誠実な異議のない場合、顧客は全額を支払わなければならない。顧客がダッシュボードからキャンペーン詳細を設定、もしくは広告掲載申込書に署名し、及び料金請求のためにクレジットカードを使用する場合には、アウトブレインは、その単独裁量権により設定する間隔を空けて、顧客のクレジットカードに（その他手数料等を含む）アウトブレイン費用を請求する。但し、通常請求、クレジットカード請求及び／又は前払請求（キャンペーン開始前）の決定権は、アウトブレインのみにあるものとする。アウトブレインは、払戻請求を含め、すべての請求に関する照会を個別具体的に検討し、その単独の裁量により請求を承認又は拒否する権利を留保する。
第5.3条
顧客は、請求書に対し異議のある場合、請求書受領日から30日以内にアウトブレインに書面又は電子メールにて通知するものとし、当該通知がない場合、顧客はその内容を異議なく承諾したものとみなされる。顧客の通知メールは、異議のある金額及びその異議を裏付ける情報を含むものとする。顧客は、異議のない請求額に対し、支払いを保留してはならず、請求額のうち、誠実に異議のない額については、     全額を支払うものとする。
第5.4条
第5.3条に従った異議が申し立てられることなく、支払期日までに支払いがなされなかった場合には、アウトブレインは、支払期日から当該支払いがなされる日まで年6％の割合の遅延損害金を請求することができる。また、アウトブレインは、顧客が支払義務を負うすべての金額を支払うまでの間、顧客による本サービスの利用の全部又は一部を停止、もしくは終了することができる。アウトブレインは、回収会社への費用、合理的な弁護士費用、裁判費用を含む全ての回収費用を顧客に請求する権利を留保する。必要に応じて、顧客は、アウトブレインが顧客の信用情報を調査することを許可する。場合によっては、顧客は、アウトブレインが信用拡大の条件として随時要求することのある財務情報及び書類を提供することに同意する。顧客は、信用の確認、アウトブレインへの支払いの履行、アウトブレインへの負債の回収又は顧客の口座への支払いのみを目的として、アウトブレインが、その代理として処理する会社に対し、顧客がアウトブレインに提供する口座情報、及びクレジットカード又は関連する請求及び支払い情報の共有を承諾し、同意する。アウトブレインは、いつでもその単独の裁量により、信用の拡大、修正、又は取り消しをすることができる。また、アウトブレインは、顧客の信用限度額を超える債務、及び、本契約に定められた支払期限を途過した債務について、即時の支払いを要求する権利を留保する。
第5.5条
当事者は、アウトブレインに対して支払われたすべての債務について、アウトブレインに確定的に帰属し、いかなる場合においても、返還の対象とはならないことを確認する。アウトブレインは、アウトブレインの顧客に対する債務があるときは、当該債務とアウトブレインの顧客に対する債権とを、その債権債務の弁済期のいかんにかかわらず、対当額にて相殺することができる。当該相殺によりアウトブレインの顧客に対する債権全額を消滅させることができないときは、アウトブレインは、自己の裁量により、その弁済の充当の順序・方法を定めることができ、顧客は何らの異議を述べない。
第6条　追加機能及び取引条件
第6.1条
アウトブレインは、本サービスにかかる追加機能を随時顧客に提案する。当該追加機能の使用は、（オンラインでのクリックによる同意もしくはダッシュボード等を通じた）顧客の特定の追加取引条件に合意によるものとする（以下「追加取引条件」という）。当該機能は、アウトブレインの裁量により顧客に提供され、第5.1条に明記されている料金に加えて、追加の料金が含まれる場合がある。顧客の追加取引条件の受諾により、アウトブレイン及び顧客間で拘束力のある、法的強制力のある合意の成立とする。本規約、追加取引条件及びキャンペーン詳細に齟齬のある場合には、(i) 追加取引条件、(ii) キャンペーン詳細、 (iii) 本規約を優先順位とする。アウトブレインのキャンペーンを目的として（アウトブレインダッシュボード等を通じ）LiveRampサービスを利用する顧客は、LiveRamp取引条件を遵守するものとする。
第6.2条
以下第９条の顧客の遵守を条件として、顧客のキャンペーンのより強化されたターゲティング機能及び／又はセグメント作成に関連したアナリティクスを提供するために、顧客は、顧客のウェブサイト又はアプリケーションページ上において、(i)アウトブレインのピクセル（以下「アウトブレインピクセル」という）及び／又は、(ii) 第三者のピクセル又はタグ（以下「第三者ピクセル」という）を設置することができる（以下、アウトブレインピクセル及び第三者ピクセルを合わせて「ピクセル」という）。顧客は、(a) ピクセルの使用が個人情報保護法に準拠していること、及び(b) ピクセルの使用についてユーザーへ的確な通知をすることを表明し、保証する。当該通知として、(ⅹ) アウトブレインを含む第三者がクッキー又は同様のテクノロジーを使用し、顧客のウェブサイトから情報を収集又は受信し、測定サービス及びターゲット広告等を提供するために当該情報を使用すること、(y) ターゲットを絞るための情報収集から、 ユーザーがどのようにオプトアウトするか、(z)未成年者を標的する、又は、その他慎重に扱うべき種類のデータを含まれるウエブサイト又はアプリケーションページ上ピクセルを使用しないことを含むものとする。エンドユーザーが顧客のウェブサイト（又は広告主のアプリケーション内の設定等のメカニズム）を介したターゲティング広告をオプトアウトした場合、顧客は、アウトブレインピクセルをローディングしないことに全ての責任を負うものとする。。顧客は、当該第6.2条の規定を遵守しなければ、ピクセルを使用してはならない。アウトブレインは、顧客のランディング・ページの機能を妨げず、同じ目的を果たすことを条件に、その合理的な裁量により、いつでもアウトブレインピクセルの機能を更新、変更又は代替することができる。
第6.3条
キャンペーンのターゲティングをより強化するために、第三者セグメントを利用する場合（以下「第三者ターゲティング」という）は、顧客は該当する税金等を含む、第三者ターゲティングの使用料（以下「第三者データコスト」という）を支払う。各キャンペーンに関する顧客の請求書は、本料金、及び、（該当する場合）第三者ターゲティングの使用にかかる第三者データコストを含むものでなくてはならない。顧客は、アウトブレインのリポーティング指標に基づいて、第三者データコストが計上されることを承諾する。第三者ターゲティングを利用する場合、顧客は、x)本件について的確な通知及び／又は（該当する場合）プライバシーポリシーを通してユーザーに開示しなければならず、y) 第三者ターゲティングの利用が常にデータ保護法に準拠しなければならず、データ処理のため適切な法的根拠の要件を満たしていることを表明・保証するものとする。顧客は、いかなる場合であっても、(i)差別的目的のために、(ii)16歳未満の未成年を対象に、(iii)個人データの特殊カテゴリーに基づき、(iv)主張されたまたは確認された刑事上の有罪判決又は犯罪に関する個人データに基づき、又は(v)その他キャンペーンが実施される国における適用法に違反して、第三者ターゲティングを使用してはならない。
第7条 守秘義務
第7.1条
各当事者は、本契約に関連して一方の当事者から他方の当事者に開示された機密情報（以下に定義する）に関して、機密情報の開示を受けた側の当事者は、当該機密情報を第三者に漏洩せず、また本契約に基づくその権利と義務に関連する目的以外に使用しないことに合意する。「機密情報」とは、当事者又はその子会社ないし系列会社に関する情報で、一般に知られておらず、秘密又は所有権ありとの記載があり、あらゆる状況で機密又は所有権のあるものとして扱われるすべての情報を意味し、本契約の規定も機密情報に含まれる。但し、以下の(i)～(iv)のいずれかに該当する情報は、機密情報に含まれない。(i) 開示の時点ですでに公知であった情報又は開示後に被開示者以外の情報源から公知となった情報。(ii) 開示の時点で被開示者が合法的に所持していた情報。(iii) 機密情報を参照することなく被開示者が独自で開発した情報。(iv) 開示された情報に関する守秘義務を負わない第三者から開示後に取得した情報。
第7.2条
機密情報は厳重に秘密として保持し、あらゆる合理的かつ必要な措置により保護されるものとする。被開示者は、機密情報を知る必要がありかつ本契約書に記載の守秘義務と同等以上の守秘義務を負う自らの従業員、代理人、もしくは代理店以外の者に、機密情報を開示しないものとする。各当事者は、本契約に従って他方の当事者により提供される機密情報のいかなる部分も、本契約に基づき明確に規定されている目的以外に使用してはならない。但し、各当事者は裁判所の命令、法律または政府機関の要請に従うために必要な機密情報は開示することができる。アウトブレインは、顧客の親会社又は顧客の子会社との間で、顧客の機密情報を共有することができる。
第7.3条
顧客が本コンテンツの提供者（以下「コンテンツプロバイダー」という）の代理人もしくは代理店である場合、顧客は、アウトブレインが当該コンテンツプロバイダー（又は、その他コンテンツプロバイダーの指定する第三者）にキャンペーン詳細の閲覧及び使用権を付与することを承諾する。
第8条　表明及び保証
第8.1条
各当事者は他方の当事者に対し、次のことを表明し保証する。(i) 自らが本契約を締結し、本契約に基づく権利とライセンスを付与するために必要なすべての権利と権限を有すること、(ii) 適用法令も遵守すること、(iii) 本契約（キャンペーン詳細を含む）の締結と受け入れ、及び本契約に基づく自らの債務と義務の履行が自らが締結している別の契約と抵触しないこと。なお、「適用法令」とは、当事者の義務に対し適用される全ての連邦、国、州、又は外国の法令、又は業界の自主規制、又は自主ガイドライン等（Interactive Advertising Bureau（IAB）のガイドライン、スタンダード＆ベストプラクティス、NAI行動規範、DAAオンライン行動広告に関する自主規制原則を含む）を意味し、顧客またはアウトブレインに適用される。個人情報のプライバシーに関する適用法令を「個人情報保護法」という。
第8.2条
顧客は次のことを表明し、保証する。(i) 本コンテンツ（見出し、画像、ビデオ、誘導される対象ページを含む）が、適用法令に違反せず、有害、暴言、わいせつ、脅迫的あるいは名誉棄損と捉えられる可能性のある内容を含まないこと。(ii) アウトブレインがコンテンツを使用し、そのホストとなり、キャッシュ、ルーティング、保存、コピー、変更、配信、再フォーマット、複製、公開、表示、転送するために必要なすべての権利を本契約に基づいてアウトブレインに許可するための権利、ライセンス及びクリアランスを有していること。(iii)本コンテンツの利用が第三者の知的財産権を侵害しないこと。(iv) 13歳未満の子供向けの本コンテンツを提供しないこと。(v) 本コンテンツが随時改定されるアウトブレインの
広告ガイドライン
に準拠すること。 (vi) 本コンテンツは、(a)本サービスへの入稿時と異なるリンク先にリダイレクトしないこと；（b）アウトブレインへの入稿時の本コンテンツから記載内容を実質的に変更しないこと。(vii)意図していない利益を得るために本サービスを利用しないこと、または本サービスの整合性及び／又は総合的性能を阻害しないこと。(viii) ダッシュボードを使用する場合、顧客が、アウトブレインが単独で定義するダッシュボードの使用に関するルールを守ること（個別のネットワークソースをホワイトリストするための入札を使用する等を含む）。(ix) 顧客が日本法又は契約の履行に適用されるその他法令に従って課される制裁又は輸出規制の対象となる者に所有され又は支配されていないこと、及びアウトブレインに経済制裁その他の貿易管理上の制限又は罰則が課される可能性のある行為を行わないこと。(x)アウトブレインに提供されたすべての事業情報及び支払情報が真実、正確かつ的確であること。
第8.3条
顧客が代理人、もしくは代理店（その他、コンテンツプロバイダーの名で取引を行う第三者）である場合には、顧客は次のことを表明し、保証する。(i) 顧客は、正式に権限を付与されたコンテンツプロバイダーの代理人、もしくは代理店であること。(ii) 顧客は、本契約を締結し、及び、コンテンツプロバイダーに関する全ての意思決定をし、実行する法的権限を有すること。(iii) 上記 (i) 及び (ii) に従って、コンテンツプロバイダーに代理する権限を付与することを、書面による契約にて締結していること（及び、アウトブレインの要請により、当該契約書をアウトブレインに提出すること）。顧客は、ダッシュボードを通じて専らフランスを主なターゲットとする広告コンテンツを提供するフランス企業又は外国企業を代理しないことに同意する。顧客が、主にフランスをターゲットとするフランスのコンテンツプロバイダーを代理している場合、Outbrainサービスの購入方法については、info@outbrain.comに照会するものとする。
第8.4条
本契約に明記されているものを除き、アウトブレインは商品性、権原、非侵害、特定目的への適合性についての保証あるいは取引の過程、使用あるいは取引慣行に起因する保証を含め、そのサービス、顧客の代理として実施するキャンペーンの履行ないし成功について明示・黙示を問わずいかなる表明も保証を行わない。アウトブレインのサービスが途切れることなく続き、安全であり、又はエラー等が発生しないという表明や保証も行わない。
第9条　データ保護
個人情報取扱規約
の条項は、本契約に組み込まれ、その一部をなすものとする。
第10条　補償
第10.1条
本契約に基づく各当事者の表明保証に対する違反より生ずる第三者の請求から、他方の当事者、その代理人、もしくは代理店、関連会社、子会社、取締役、役員、従業員、その他契約関係に該当する場合はネットワークパートナーを保護及び補償し、損失を与えてはらなない。
第10.2条
当該請求に関連して、(i) 被補償当事者は、補償当事者に対し、迅速に書面にて請求があった旨を通知する（但し、迅速な通知が為されなかった場合にも、補償当事者が本契約の補償義務を免れることはなく、迅速な通知が為されなかったことにより補償当事者が被った損害についてはこの限りでない）。(ii) 補償当事者は単独で請求に対する弁護を行い、又は和解をすることができる（但し、補償当事者は、被補償当事者の書面による事前の同意がない限り、被補償当事者の権利又は義務に悪影響を及ぼす可能性がある和解を行うことはできない）。(iii) 補償当事者が要求し、その費用を負担するときには、被補償当事者は当該請求に関する調査検討及びこれに対する弁護に協力する。(iv) 被補償当事者は自らの費用負担により自ら選択する弁護士を使って、自らの権利を弁護する権利を有する。
第11条　責任制限
本契約で規定されている当事者の補償義務、故意の違法行為又は本契約の守秘義務違反又は費用の未払に起因する請求に関する場合を除き、不法行為又は契約等の形態にかかわらず、本契約あるいはその履行に起因し、又は、何らかの形でこれに関連して生じるあらゆる訴訟に関する各当事者とその取締役、役員、従業員、納入業者、ネットワークパートナー、代理人、もしくは代理店の賠償責任総額の上限は、(i) 当該行為が行われた直近12ヶ月間に本契約に基づいて顧客が支払うべき料金の額と(ii) 500万円のうち、いずれか大きい額を上限とする。各当事者は、たとえ損害の可能性について事前に知らされていた場合であっても、結果損害賠償、特別損害賠償、懲罰的損害賠償、付随的損害賠償や、本契約又はその履行に起因ないし関連して生じるデータの消失、逸失収益、逸失利益などその他いかなる損害についても責任を負わない。
第12条 　雑則
第12.1条
いずれの当事者も、法律の効果あるいはそれ以外の方法により、他方の当事者の書面による事前の同意なく第三者に対し本契約の全部又は一部を譲渡することはできない。但し、譲受人が本契約を履行するに十分な能力を有し、本契約の履行義務を引き受ける場合には、一方の当事者は、他方の当事者の同意を要することなく、合併、再生、資産の全部ないしその大半の譲渡を行い、本契約に基づく自らの権利の全部又は一部を譲渡し、義務の全部又は一部を承継させることができる。
第12.2条
本契約は、日本法に準拠し、それに従って解釈されるものとする。当事者は、本契約に起因又は関連して生じるあらゆる紛争について、東京地方裁判所を第一審の専属的合意管轄裁判所とすることに合意する。当該訴訟において勝訴をした当事者は、敗訴当事者に対し、本契約に基づき、合理的な範囲内の弁護士費用及び訴訟費用の支払いを請求することができる。上記に加え、顧客が第5条の義務に違反した場合、アウトブレインは、その選択により、顧客の本店所在地を管轄する裁判所に当該義務違反にかかる顧客に対する訴えを提起することができる。
第12.3条
いかなる新聞発表又は一般広告も、顧客とアウトブレインの相互の合意なく行わないものとする。アウトブレインは、自らの顧客リスト及びその他マーケティング資料に顧客の名称を記載する権利を有する。顧客は、アウトブレインの事前の承認を得ずにアウトブレインの名称、ロゴまたは商標を使用することはできない。
第12.4条
本契約に基づくすべての通知は電子メールにて行うものとし、広告掲載申込書又はダッシュボードに記載の相手方当事者の住所又は相手方が随時文書で指定するその他の住所に送付する。通知は受理された時点をもって有効となる。
第12.5条
一方の当事者が本契約に基づく自らの権利の1つを行使しなかった場合においても、当該権利を放棄したものとはみなされない。本契約の1つまたは複数の条項が準拠法に基づいて強制不能であると解釈される場合には、当該条項は本契約から除外され、合意の残りの条項は効力を失わない。
第12.6条
いずれの当事者も、合理的に制御できない事由により本契約に記載された自らの義務の履行遅滞、又は履行不能に賠償責任を負わない。また、いずれの当事者も、インターネットの接続や操作不能、技術的不具合、コンピュータのエラー、データ損傷によるデータの紛失その他の損害を受けた場合に賠償責任を負うことはない。ただし、顧客は、本契約に定める料金の支払いに関する義務について免責されることはない。
第12.7条
第7条、第8条、第9条、第10条、第11条、第12条及び異議の生じていない未払いに対する支払い義務は、本契約終了後も存続する。
第12.8条
顧客とアウトブレインは、相互に独立した契約当事者である。本契約に記載されたいかなる文言も、両当事者間での合弁関係又は提携関係と見なされず、解釈されてはならない。
第12.9条
本契約は、当該契約内容に関する両当事者の完全なる合意を表し、両当事者の書面による事前の合意がない限り修正することはできない。発注書、広告掲載申込書、請求書、又はその他本契約に照らして顧客の提出する書類に含まれる取引条件の内容に関して、齟齬または相反する規定のある場合は、アウトブレインが当該書類を受諾または署名・押印したとしても、一切効力を持たない。
第13条　反社会的勢力の排除
第13.1条
各当事者は、以下に列挙する人物・事項に現在該当しないことを表明する。暴力団、暴力団員、暴力団員でなくなってから５年が経過していない者、暴力団関連企業、総会屋、社会運動標榜ゴロ、特殊知能暴力集団及びこれらに相当するもの。
第13.2条
当事者が虚偽の表明をした場合、相手方当事者は、他の権利及び救済手段に影響を与えることなく、本契約を終了することができる。
Engage Master Services Agreement
Engage Code on Page Terms
Engage Header Bidding Terms
Engage Video Terms
Supply Side Platform Terms
Engage Data Sharing Agreement
SSP Data Sharing Agreement
Engage Terms
Effective June 16th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
This Data Sharing Agreement (“
DSA
”) is entered into by the Outbrain entity (“
Outbrain
”) and the company (the “
SSP
”) identified in the Master Supply Side Agreement between the parties from time to time (the “
Terms
”). From the Effective Date of the Terms, this DSA shall apply to any and all agreements between the parties and their Affiliates from time to time.
This DSA is incorporated into the Terms (as amended from time to time) and constitutes a legally binding agreement between the parties. Collectively, the Controller SCCs (as applicable), the DSA and the Terms are referred to as the “
Agreement
”. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between any of the terms of the Agreement the following order of precedence shall prevail: (i) the Controller SCCs (as applicable); (ii) this DSA; and (iii) the Terms.
Any capitalized terms not defined in this DSA shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Terms.
1. DEFINITIONS.
1.1. “
Affiliate(s)
” means in respect of either party at any time, any person or legal entity controlled by or controlling or under the common control of that party. Any reference to the parties shall include reference to their Affiliates;
1.2. “
Controller SCCs
” means the standard data protection clauses “MODULE ONE: Transfer controller to controller” in accordance with article 46 2. (c) GDPR adopted by the European Commission on 4 June 2021 (Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914) (as amended or superseded), containing contractual obligations on the Data Exporter and the Data Importer, and rights for EEA Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred, as amended or superseded from time to time by the European Commission;
1.3. “
Data Protection Laws
” means all laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant public authority applicable from time to time to Outbrain or SSP relating to the processing of Personal Data and the privacy of electronic communications, including U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws and EU Data Protection Laws, the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (LGPD), Federal Law no. 13,709/2018 and the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information;
1.4. “
EEA
” means the European Economic Area;
1.5. “
End Users
” are Data Subjects or Consumers who visit or use the impression inventory provided by SSP;
1.6. "
EU Data Protection Laws
" means all laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant Supervisory Authority (including, in the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”)) applicable from time to time to Outbrain or SSP relating to the processing of Personal Data and the privacy of electronic communications in the EEA and the UK as amended or superseded, especially (i) the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR) and the UK Data Protection Act 2018; (ii) the Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive 2002/58/EC (as updated by Directive 2009/136/EC) (ePrivacy Directive) and the UK Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (SI 2003 No. 2426) (PECR) as updated; (iii) the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection 1992;
1.7. “
Outbrain User Data
” means Personal Data of an End User which Outbrain collects directly on the impression inventory;
1.8. “
UK Adequacy Decision
” means the Commission Implementing Decision of 28 June 2021 on the adequate protection of Personal Data by the United Kingdom in accordance with article 45 GDPR;
1.9. "
U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws
" means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, the Colorado Privacy Act of 2021, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act of 2022, the Indiana Consumer Data Protection Act of 2023, the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act of 2023, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act of 2023, the Tennessee Information Protection Act of 2023, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act of 2022, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act  of 2021 and all other U.S. privacy laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant public authority applicable from time to time to Outbrain or SSP relating to the processing of Personal Information and the privacy of electronic communications, as amended or superseded by any federal, state or national law, regulation or regulatory guidance;
1.10. "
Controller
", “
Joint Controller
”, "
Processor
", “
Data Protection Impact Assessment
”, "
Data
Subject
", “
Personal Data Breach
”, "
Special Categories of Personal Data
" and “
Supervisory Authority
” shall have the meanings given in EU Data Protection Laws;
1.11. “
sale
”
(including the terms “sell,” “selling,” “sold,” and other variations thereof, including renting, disclosing, releasing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration), “
Consumer
”,
“Business
”, “
Third Party
”
and
“
Service Provider
”
shall have the meanings given to those terms under U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws, as applicable; and
1.12. “
Personal Data
” (and any variation thereof, including “Personal Information” under U.S. Consumer Privacy LawsCCPA) and “
process
” (including “processing”), shall have the meaning given under the applicable Data Protection Laws.
2. PURPOSE OF PROCESSING.
The parties collect and process Personal Data for the purposes of delivering Outbrain’s clients’ advertising materials to End Users.
Outbrain processes Outbrain User Data for the following purposes: (i) storing and/or accessing information on a device; (ii) using limited data to select advertising; (iii) creating profiles for personalized advertising; (iv) using profiles to select personalized advertising; (v) creating profiles to personalize content; (vi) using profiles to select personalized content; (vii) measuring advertising performance; (viii) measuring content performance; (ix) understanding audiences through statistics; (x) developing and improving services; (xi) using limited data to select content; (xii) ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud, and fixing errors; and (xiii) delivering and presenting advertising and content.
3.
U.S. CONSUMER PRIVACY LAWS
AND EU DATA PROTECTION LAWS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS.
3.1. Specific provisions applicable to CCPA are located in
Sections 4.2, 5.2 (iv) and 6.4
.
3.2. Specific provision applicable to EU Data protection Laws are located in
Sections 4.3, 5.2 (ii), 6.4 and 11
.
4. ROLE OF PARTIES.
4.1. Each party shall comply with all relevant provisions of Data Protection Laws as it applies to matters under the Agreement and ensure that they process Personal Data fairly and lawfully in accordance with Data Protection Laws as applicable in the provision and receipt of Personal Data.
4.2. Insofar as  U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws are applicable to the Service, Outbrain and SSP will be considered independent Businesses for the collection, processing and selling of any Personal Information, and no party shall be considered a Service Provider on anyone’s behalf, unless as strictly required under applicable U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws. In such case, the
IAB Multi-State Privacy Agreement
(the most recent version or successor thereto) shall be incorporated by reference into this DSA and shall govern the relationship between the parties with SSP’s partners as Businesses and SSP and Outbrain as Service Providers exclusively in respect of opted out traffic in the U.S., as applicable.
4.3. Insofar as EU Data Protection Laws are applicable to the Agreement, Outbrain and SSP will be considered independent Controllers under EU Data Protection Laws for the collection and any further processing of any Personal Data, and Outbrain shall not be considered a Processor on anyone’s behalf.
4.4. Each party shall remain solely and exclusively responsible for determining the means and purposes of processing for its respective processing activities.
5. SSP’S OBLIGATIONS.
5.1. SSP is solely responsible for implementing the online advertising exchange and the impression inventory under the Agreement and Data Protection Laws.
5.2. SSP shall:
(i) disclose (and, as applicable, require its own partners to disclose), via an appropriate privacy notice, Outbrain to End Users as a Business or Controller collecting Personal Data for the purposes of delivering Outbrain’s clients’ advertising materials as set out in
Section 2.
;
(ii) collect (and, as applicable, require its own partners to collect) End Users’ consent choices via a consent management platform using the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework v2.2 (the most recent version or successor thereto) and pass Outbrain valid “consent”/”no consent” strings. SSP must not, at any time, send Outbrain “null” or “invalid” signals;
(iii) provide a user choice mechanism such as the opt out page(s) of the
Network Advertising Initiative
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance
or the
European Digital Advertising Alliance
, as applicable; and
(iv) insofar as U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws are applicable to the Agreement, SSP shall collect (and, as applicable, require its own partners to collect) End Users’ “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” or equivalent opt out choices via a consent management platform using the IAB Global Privacy Platform (the most recent version or successor thereto) and pass Outbrain valid “yes”/”no” strings.
5.3. SSP shall at all times satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for the processing of Personal Data. In any event, where an End User opted out or withdrew their consent to personalized advertising and/or the sharing their Personal Data with Outbrain through a mechanism alerting only SSP (instead of Outbrain), such as device settings, SSP must not share such Personal Data with Outbrain.
6. OUTBRAIN’S OBLIGATIONS.
6.1. Outbrain shall disclose, via an appropriate privacy notice, all information relating to processing activities where the Personal Data is collected directly from the End User or where such Personal Data is collected via third parties, as required under Data Protection Laws. This information is available on
Outbrain’s Privacy Policy
.
6.2. Outbrain shall at all times satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for the processing of Outbrain User Data.
6.3. Outbrain shall comply with requests from End Users to exercise their rights under relevant Data Protection Laws, without undue delay and within the required time limits.
Requests relating to right to access, erasure, withdrawing consent, objecting to profiling, or ”Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” can be exercised directly on
Outbrain Interest Profile
.
7. COOPERATION.
7.1. Each party shall develop, implement, and regularly review procedures to ensure they meet their respective obligations under Data Protection Laws.
7.2. Each party shall immediately inform the other party if any activity pursuant to the Agreement infringes any part of Data Protection Laws, and the parties shall review such activity accordingly. If during the term, Data Protection Laws change in a way that this DSA is no longer adequate for performing the processing activities necessary to the Terms, the parties agree to promptly negotiate in good faith to review this DSA in light of such changes.
7.3. In the event that either party receives any correspondence, enquiry or complaint from an End User, Supervisory Authority or any other third party related to the disclosure or processing of Personal Data pursuant to this DSA, or requests information from the other party when performing a Data Protection Impact Assessment, it shall promptly inform the other party giving full details of the same, and the other party shall provide such assistance as reasonably required (at each party’s sole cost and expense) and in good faith in order to respond in accordance with any requirements under Data Protection Laws.
8. DATA SECURITY.
8.1. Each party shall implement and maintain such appropriate technical and organizational measures as required by Data Protection Laws to ensure that the Personal Data is processed in a secure manner, including (but not limited to) (i) the pseudonymization and encryption of Personal Data; (ii) ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of the services provided under the Agreement, including the ability to restore availability of, and access to, Personal Data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident; (iii) a process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures for ensuring the security of the processing; and (iv) regularly carrying information security risk assessments that take account of risk of accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Data.
8.2. An overview of Outbrain’s appropriate technical and organizational security measures are described on
Outbrain’s Security page
.
8.3. Upon becoming aware of a suspected or confirmed Personal Data Breach or Security Incident involving Outbrain User Data collected pursuant to this DSA, each party shall notify the other party without any undue delay, and provide such assistance as reasonably required to allow the other party to comply with its respective obligations under Data Protection Laws.
9. PERSONNEL.
Each party shall be responsible for ensuring that staff members are appropriately trained to handle and process the Personal Data in accordance with their internal technical and organizational security measures, where relevant, together with Data Protection Laws, and have entered into confidentiality agreements relating to the processing of Personal Data.
10. PROCESSORS – SERVICE PROVIDERS.
Each party shall remain independently responsible for appointing its respective Processors and/or Service Providers in accordance with Data Protection Laws.
11. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS.
11.1. Insofar as Personal Data is collected from End Users located within the territory of the EEA or the UK by either party during the course of the Agreement, neither party shall process any Personal Data (nor permit any Personal Data to be processed) in a country outside of the EEA or the UK unless: (i) that country has been designated by the European Commission or the ICO (as applicable) as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Data; or (ii) it has taken such measures as necessary to ensure the transfer is compliant with EU Data Protection Laws.
11.2. The parties agree that for the purposes of any transfer of Personal Data from SSP to Outbrain collected within the EEA to the UK, the requirements of the clause above shall be fully satisfied by the UK Adequacy Decision.
11.3. Outbrain shall be responsible for the onward transfer of Personal Data from the UK to any third party country outside of the EEA as required by (a) the UK Adequacy Decision and/or (b) EU Data Protection Laws, as applicable.
11.4. Within its Affiliates, Outbrain has entered into adequate intragroup data sharing agreements including supplementary measures complying with all requirements of EU Data Protection Laws, which consist of (i) encryption in transit and encryption of UUIDs at rest which can only be decrypted with a private key stored in the EU; (ii) pseudonymization; and (iii) not having received any legally binding request from a public authority, including judicial authorities, under the laws of the country of destination and not being aware of any direct access by public authorities.
11.5. In the event that the UK Adequacy Decision as the lawful ground for international transfers from the EEA to third party countries is no longer applicable, the parties agree that the Controller SCCs shall be incorporated by reference into this DSA and shall govern any international transfer of Personal Data outside of the EEA. For the purpose of the Controller SCCs, the parties fully agree that:
(i) SSP is the "Data Exporter" and Outbrain, the "Data Importer";
(ii) Clause 7 “Docking clause” is deleted;
(iii) The OPTION under Clause 11 “Redress” is deleted;
(iv) Clause 17 “Governing Law” is completed with “Republic of Ireland”
(v) Clause 18 (b) “Choice of forum and jurisdiction” is completed with “Dublin, Republic of Ireland”;
(vi) Annex I to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed with Annex I to this DSA; and
(vii) Annex II to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed by
Outbrain’s Security page
.
12. TERM AND TERMINATION.
This DSA shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue as long as SSP provides the impression inventory to Outbrain.
13. DATA RETENTION.
Outbrain
shall not retain any individual data point collected in relation to the Agreement for longer than 13 months, unless it constitutes anonymous data.
14. MISCELLANEOUS.
14.1. Neither party shall be in breach of this DSA nor liable for delay in performing, or failure to perform, any of its obligations under the Agreement if such delay or failure results from events, circumstances or causes beyond its reasonable control.
14.2. Failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy under this DSA shall not constitute a waiver of such (or any other) right or remedy under this DSA, the Agreement or Data Protection Laws.
14.3. SSP shall not assign or otherwise transfer its rights or its obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Outbrain.
14.4. Except as expressly stated otherwise and to the extent applicable under Data Protection Laws, nothing in this DSA shall create or confer any rights or other benefits in favor of any person other than a party to this DSA.
14.5. The invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of any term of this DSA shall not affect the remainder of the DSA.
14.6. This DSA shall be governed by the laws specified in the applicable Master Supply Side Agreement.
ANNEX I
Description of Processing Activities
This Annex forms part of the DSA and describes the processing of Personal Data by Outbrain. When Section 11.5 of the DSA applies, Annex I to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed with this Annex.
A. LIST OF PARTIES
Data Exporter:
SSP name, address and contact details as stated in the Master Supply Side Agreement.
Activities relevant to the data transferred: Online advertising exchange allowing the purchase of an impression inventory.
Independent Controller.
Data Importer:
Outbrain with address and contact details as stated in the Master Supply Side Agreement.
Activities relevant to the data transferred: Digital advertising services.
Independent Controller.
B. DESCRIPTION OF TRANSFER
Categories of Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred:
End Users (Data Subjects who visit or use the impression inventory provided by SSP or interact with Outbrain’s clients’ advertising materials served by Outbrain on the impression inventory).
Categories of Personal Data transferred:
Bid request unique identifier
Outbrain unique identifier
IP address
User Agent data, browser and device type (desktop/mobile, brand, model, operating system and system version), application version, application ID or package name)
Device advertising identifiers
Pages, content visited and events
Time of visit
Broad location
Device time zone
Sensitive data transferred:
No Special Categories of Personal Data are transferred.
Frequency of the transfer:
Real time,
continuous basis.
Nature of the processing:
Receiving data, including collection, accessing, retrieval, recording, and data entry;
Holding data, including storage, organization and structuring;
Using data, including analyzing, consultation, testing, automated decision making and profiling;
Updating data, including correcting, adaptation, alteration, alignment and combination;
Protecting data, including restricting, encrypting, and security testing;
Sharing data, including disclosure, dissemination, allowing access or otherwise making available;
Returning data to the Data Exporter or Data Subject;
Erasing data, including destruction and deletion.
Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further processing:
Digital advertising services, which include:
Storing and/or accessing information on a device;
Using limited data to select advertising;
Creating profiles for personalized advertising;
Using profiles to select personalized advertising;
Creating profiles to personalize content;
Using profiles to select personalized content;
Measuring advertising performance;
Measuring content performance;
Understanding audiences through statistics;
Developing and improving services;
Using limited data to select content;
Ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud, and fixing errors; and
Delivering and presenting advertising and content.
Retention period:
An individual data point is retained for no longer than
13 months.
Recipients:
The subject matter, nature and duration can be found on the
Outbrain Trusted Partners page
.
C. COMPETENT SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
In the UK: The Information Commissioner’s Office.
In the EEA: The Supervisory Authority of the Member State of the SSP’s Registered Address as stated in the Master Supply Side Agreement, or, if not applicable, the Supervisory Authority of the Member State in which the Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred under this Agreement are located.
Effective January 18th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
The following terms (“
Terms
”) govern Partner’s participation an auction to purchase certain digital advertising space or placements made available on Outbrain’s proprietary exchange or marketplace as defined in an Enrollment Form.
1.         Service
Access to the Service.
Demand Partner will use the Services only for its own use or for an advertiser or direct agent with which Demand Partner has a direct relationship (“
DP Client
”).  During the Term, Outbrain grants Demand Partner a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to access and use the Service as reasonably necessary for Demand Partner’s normal use of the Service on a self-serve basis, in particular, for the purposes of bidding on and purchasing Partner Inventory on an ‘auction’ basis. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Outbrain, in its sole discretion, shall determine what percentage of its Partner Inventory to permit DP to bid on and to allocate to the Service generally.  Outbrain owns all right, title, and interest in and to the Service.  Aside from the limited rights and licenses expressly granted hereunder, no other license is granted.
Ads
.  Demand Partner has the right and authorizes Outbrain to place its, or DP Client’s, ads on the Partner Inventory, and is solely responsible for determining the propriety and legality of the ads (which includes all elements of the ad, including the photograph and headline).  Ads must comply with Outbrain’s Advertising Guidelines (available at
https://www.outbrain.com/advertisers/guidelines/
).  Outbrain may at any time for any or no reason reject or remove any ad.  Demand Partner shall not, directly or indirectly, provide an ad that: (i) is obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous, pornographic, violent, profane, indecent or unlawful; (ii) is factually inaccurate, misleading or deceptive; or (iii) facilitates or promotes any type of illegal activity, including without limitation pyramid schemes, gambling, the sale or use of illicit drugs, or discrimination or harassment of any individual or group.  Further, ads shall neither (a) redirect to a destination other than as originally submitted to the Service, and/or (b) be substantively different from the ad originally submitted to the Service.
3rd Party Targeting
. When utilizes third party segments for enhanced targeting of its campaign.  If Partner uses 3rd Party Targeting of its campaign(s), Partner shall pay for its use above mentioned including any applicable taxes. If Partner utilizes 3
rd
Party Targeting the Partner shall (i) disclose this to users via an appropriate notice and/or in its privacy policy (as applicable), and (ii) not use 3
rd
Party Targeting to target minors or other sensitive categories of data ((iii) disclose to it’s users that he  may place third party pixels or tags (“the “
Third Party Pixels
”) for the purpose of providing analytics related to 3rd Party Targeting functionality. Partner represents and warrants that (a) its use of the Third Party Pixels is in accordance with Data Protection Laws; and (b) it has provided appropriate notice to users regarding use of the Pixels, including an explanation (1) that third parties, including Outbrain, may use cookies or similar technologies to collect or receive information from Partner’s website(s), and may use that information to provide measurement services and target ads; and (2) as to how users opt-out of the collection of information for targeting purposes.
Beta Features
.  During the Term, Outbrain may offer Demand Partner the right to use certain experimental features that are made available to Demand Partner by Outbrain on a test basis (“
Beta Features
”).  All Beta Features are provided on an “as is” basis, without any representations, warranties, covenants or obligations of any kind.   Any use by Demand Partner of Beta Features is solely at Demand Partner’s own risk.  Outbrain may modify or remove any Beta Features at any time.
Reporting.
All Demand Partner-trafficked ads will be counted as impressions.  Outbrain’s final monthly reports of impressions will provide the conclusive basis for Outbrain's calculation of the Fees (defined below) owed by Demand Partner.  If there is a 5% discrepancy or more between Demand Partner's reporting and Outbrain's, then the parties agree to work in good faith to identify the correct amount to be paid to Outbrain.  If the discrepancy is less than 5%, Outbrain's numbers shall be conclusive. If Outbrain's reporting in a given day varies by more than 5% in comparison to Demand Partner's reporting, and Demand Partner notifies Outbrain of this in writing (email shall suffice), then the parties shall make all best efforts to solve the discrepancy as follows within 3 business days thereafter:(a) Outbrain and Demand Partner shall exchange reporting data in good faith in order to find the source of the discrepancy; (b) Outbrain shall stop sending bid requests and/or Demand Partner will stop bidding on that portion of supply where the Parties have agreed via email there is a discrepancy;(c) Based on the findings regarding the cause of such discrepancy it will be decided between the parties whether an amount should be waived. In case Demand Partner and Outbrain do not reach an agreement, Demand Partner may ultimately dispute the amount in question in accordance with this Section. For the avoidance of doubt, Demand Partner shall not allowed to withhold any non-disputed amounts.
Limitations.
Outbrain does not guarantee: (a) the placement, positioning or the timing of delivery of any ads, (b) impressions or clicks on any ads, or (c) conversions.   In no event shall Outbrain be liable for failure to provide any of the foregoing.
Prohibitions
.  Demand Partner will not (a) attempt to circumvent any Outbrain security measure, (b) share its Service user interface login or otherwise grant account access with any third party without the express permission of Outbrain, (c) reproduce, distribute, modify, prepare derivative works of, translate, reverse engineer, reverse compile or disassemble any Outbrain-provided tag, or any portion of the Service, (d) use or authorize the use of the Service for any purpose not permitted under this Agreement, (e) copy, sell, transfer, lease, lend, syndicate, or sub-syndicate the Service, or use the Service for co-branding, timesharing, arbitrage (e.g., reselling), service bureau or other unauthorized purposes, (f) utilize rotating ad tags or otherwise violate Outbrain’s Advertising Guidelines (g) import into the Service any personally identifiable information including by using Outbrain’s ad tags or pixels, or (h) distribute viruses or other malware (through the ads or any other mechanism).   Outbrain may immediately suspend Demand Partner’s access or terminate this Agreement upon any breach by Demand Partner of this
Section 1.8
.  Under no circumstances may Demand Partner use the Services for gathering competitive intelligence.  To the extent that Outbrain provides the name and/or section of a name of the website related to Partner Inventory, Demand Partner shall not use such information (i) as its primary bidding criteria (e.g., Demand Partner will bid on a user based on what Demand Partner knows about such user, and only use the website name as secondary information informing the bid price), and (ii) to build a "segment" of users of a particular website or group of websites such that the group associated with a particular website, section of the website or general interest areas of a website (e.g., Demand Partner may not create an “ESPN Audience” or “sport fans” segment based on any information obtained by using the Service).
2.         Compliance, Privacy and Data
2.1
Compliance
Demand Partner will, and will require DP Clients, to (i) follow the Notice and Choice Provisions of the NAI Principles found at
www.networkadvertising.org
, and (ii) publish and comply with a legally sufficient privacy policy that fulfills the requirements of the DAA Self-Governing Principles found at
aboutads.info
.  Demand Partner must place the AdChoice icon (or a similar icon) on each ad displayed on the Partner Inventory.  Such icon must link directly to the Demand Partner and/or DP Clients’ opt out functionality (or the NAI global opt out).  Demand Partner shall ensure that its collection, storage and use of all user data (including any tracking and analytics used), whether conducted through the Service or otherwise, is strictly in compliance with all applicable laws, including any local law requirements related to use of IP addresses, behavioral information and /or COPPA.
2.2
Data.
Any data provided by Outbrain to Demand Partner, or collected directly by Demand Partner through its use of the Service shall belong to Outbrain (“
Outbrain Data
”).  Demand Partner has a limited license to use the Outbrain Data only in compliance with this Agreement and for its internal use and reporting to DP Clients, provided, that each such client agrees in writing to Demand Partner that such reporting may be used for its own internal purposes.  For clarity, any collection of data by Demand Partner regarding a user's interaction with a particular website of the Partner Inventory shall not be disclosed, sold, or otherwise transferred to any third party for any purpose.
2.3
No PII.
In no event will Demand Partner (a) import any personally identifiable information into the Service, including by using Outbrain's pixels to gather such information, and (b) combine any Outbrain Data with any personally identifiable information.
2.4       Data Sharing Agreement. The provisions of the
OPA Data Sharing Agreement
shall be fully incorporated into, and form part of, this Agreement.
3.         Fees and Payment Terms
3.1       Demand Partner shall pay Outbrain fees (based on the number of ad impressions, as measured by Outbrain's tracking system and any applicable taxes (“Fees”) within thirty (30) days of receipt of Outbrain's invoice.  If Demand Partner chooses to pay its invoice via credit card, a three percent (3%) convenience fee shall be added to the Fees.
3.2       If payment is not made when due, Outbrain may charge interest at the rate of 2% per month (or the maximum allowed by law, whichever is lower) from the due date until the date of actual payment, whether before or after judgment.  Outbrain also reserves the right to suspend or terminate Demand Partner's use of the Service until Demand Partner has paid all amounts due and to charge Demand Partner for all costs of collection, including collection agency and reasonable legal fees and court costs. Demand Partner authorizes Outbrain to investigate Demand Partner's credit record.  If applicable, Demand Partner agrees to provide such further financial information and documentation as may be required from time to time by Outbrain as a condition for the continued extension of credit.  Demand Partner acknowledges and agrees that any account, credit card and related billing and payment information which Demand Partner provides to Outbrain may be shared by Outbrain with companies who work on Outbrain's behalf solely for the purpose of performing credit checks, effecting payment to Outbrain, collecting debts owed to Outbrain and/or servicing Demand Partner's account.
3.3       All payments due under this Agreement shall be made without setoff or deduction, including for or on account of any present or future tax, assessment, or other governmental charge (“
Taxes
”) imposed upon such payment by any state, country, political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.  If Demand Partner shall at any time be required by law to withhold any Taxes from any payment to Outbrain, Demand Partner will pay as additional amounts to Outbrain such amounts as may be necessary so that every net payment to Outbrain after withholding for or on account of any Taxes will not be less than the amount required under this Agreement then due and payable.  Demand Partner shall notify Outbrain of any disputes or discrepancies in writing within 30 days of receipt of invoice, after such time the invoice shall be final, and all disputes or discrepancies waived.
4.         Term and Cancellation
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time in the event of a breach by the other party of any material provision of this Agreement that remains uncured ten (10) days after the breaching party’s receipt of written notice of the breach.  Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, all rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement will be extinguished, except that
Sections
6
,
8
,
9
and
10
, together with any outstanding payment obligation, will survive and continue to bind the parties in accordance with their terms.
5.         Additional Representations and Warranties/Disclaimers
5.1       Each party represents and warrants to the other party that: (i) it has all necessary rights and authority to enter into the Agreement and grant the rights and licenses under the Agreement; and (ii) the execution or acceptance of the Agreement, and the performance of its respective obligations and duties pursuant to the Agreement, do not and will not violate any agreement to which such party is bound.
5.2       Demand Partner further represents and warrants that: (i) the ads it submits, uploads and/or runs through the Service do not violate any applicable laws, rules and regulations and will not contain any material which may be harmful, abusive, obscene, threatening or defamatory; (ii) it has all necessary rights to permit and grants Outbrain pursuant to this Agreement all such rights which are necessary for Outbrain to (as applicable) use, host, cache, route, store, copy, modify, distribute, reformat, reproduce, publish, display, transmit and distribute the ads; (iii) use of the ad in accordance with the Agreement will not infringe any intellectual property rights of any third party; and (iv) it will not use the Service in a manner that provides an unintended advantage or interferes with the integrity and/or overall performance of the Service.  Outbrain may immediately suspend any campaign or Demand Partner’s use of the Services if Demand Partner violates this Section 5.
5.3       If the ads have been provided to Demand Partner by a third party, Demand Partner represents and warrants that: (i) it is the authorized agent of the provider of the ad; (ii) it has the legal authority to enter into the Agreement and make all decisions and take all actions relating to the provider of the ad; (iii) it has entered into a written agreement granting the agent the authority to represent the provider of the ad in accordance with (i) and (ii) above (and shall submit such agreement to Outbrain upon request).   (iii) it shall comply with Applicable Laws and “Applicable Laws” means any applicable federal, national, state, or foreign laws or regulations or any industry self-regulatory rules or guidelines (including the Interactive Advertising Bureau Guidelines, Standards & Best Practices, the NAI Code of Conduct, the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.
5.4       EXCEPT AS MAY BE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE AGREEMENT, OUTBRAIN MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE ABOUT ITS SERVICES AND THE PERFORMANCE OR SUCCESS OF ANY CAMPAIGNS MADE BY IT ON BEHALF OF DEMAND PARTNER, OR THAT THE SERVICE WILL OPERATE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE OR ERROR FREE.
6.         Indemnification
6.1       Each party shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other party and its respective agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, contractors, and Inventory Partners (as applicable) against any and all third party claims resulting from the breach of such party's duties, obligations and representations under the Agreement.
6.2       In connection with any such claim: (i) the indemnified party shall provide prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any such claim (provided that the failure to provide such prompt notice shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its indemnification obligations in the Agreement, except to the extent it has been damaged thereby); (ii) the indemnifying party shall have sole control of the defense or settlement of the claim (provided that the indemnifying party may not enter into any settlement that may adversely affect the rights or obligations of the indemnified party without the indemnified party's prior written consent); (iii) at the indemnifying party's request and expense, the indemnified party cooperating in the investigation and defense of such claim; and (iv) the indemnified party shall have the right to participate in its defense with counsel of its own choosing at the indemnified party's expense.
7.         Limitation of Liability
EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS ARISING FROM A PARTY'S INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, BREACH OF SECTION 2, AND/OR NON-PAYMENT OF FEES OWED IN THE AGREEMENT, THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY AND ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, VENDORS, NETWORK PARTNERS OR AGENTS FOR ANY ACTION REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WHETHER IN TORT OR CONTRACT, ARISING UNDER OR RELATED IN ANY WAY TO THE AGREEMENT OR ITS IMPLEMENTATION SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF: (I) THE AMOUNT OF FEES PAYABLE BY DEMAND PARTNER UNDER THE AGREEMENT IN THE 12 MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO A CLAIM; AND (II) $500,000.  IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES OR OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST DATA, LOST REVENUES OR LOST PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED IN ANY WAY TO THE AGREEMENT OR ITS IMPLEMENTATION, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  FURTHERMORE, DEMAND PARTNER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT OUTBRAIN IS NOT LIABLE FOR TRANSACTIONS EXECUTED WITHIN THE SERVICE AS A RESULT OF ERRORS MADE IN ENTERING INFORMATION INTO THE OUTBRAIN USER INTERFACE BY DEMAND PARTNER, INCLUDING INCORRECT PRICING, TARGETING OR BUDGETING INFORMATION. NOTWITHSTANDING ALL OF THE FOREGOING, NOTHING HEREIN SHALL LIMIT DEMAND PARTNER’S OBLIGATION TO PAY THE FEES.   OUTBRAIN IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY OUTAGES OR DOWNTIME OF THE SERVICE.
8.         Intellectual Property Rights.
Each party acknowledges and agrees that each party has the exclusive right, title, and interest in and to all of their respective trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos, program and event names, identifications, and other proprietary rights and privileges (“
Intellectual Property
”).  This Agreement and its various provisions are not a license or assignment of any right, title, or interest in either party’s Intellectual Property by or to the other party.  Neither party may, in any manner, represent that it has any ownership or other interest in the other party’s Intellectual Property.  Neither party may do or cause to be done anything that impairs the other party’s exclusive license in its Intellectual Property.  Neither party may use, print, or duplicate the Intellectual Property of the other party unless prior written approval has been obtained from the other party.  Any permitted use by one party of the Intellectual Property of the other party is limited to the term of this Agreement.  Upon the termination of this Agreement, or upon request of either party, the other party must immediately cease all use of the applicable Intellectual Property and shall promptly return all materials to requesting party.  Neither party may assign or attempt to assign any rights with regard to the other party’s Intellectual Property that arise under this Agreement and any such attempted assignment is void.
9.         Confidentiality
9.1       Each party agrees that with respect to any Confidential Information (as defined below) that is disclosed by one party to the other in connection with the Agreement, the party receiving such Confidential Information shall not disclose such Confidential Information to any third party, or use it for any purpose, except in connection with its rights and obligations under the Agreement. "
Confidential Information
"
means all information concerning a party or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates that is not generally known to the public, which information is marked confidential or proprietary, or which under the circumstances ought reasonably to be treated as confidential or proprietary, and includes, without limitation, the terms of the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include information that: (i) is, as of the time of disclosure, or thereafter becomes, part of the public domain through a source other than the receiving party; (ii) was lawfully in the possession of the receiving party as of the time of disclosure; (iii) is independently developed by the receiving party without reference to the Confidential Information; or (iv) is subsequently obtained from a third party not subject to an obligation of confidentiality with respect to the information disclosed.
9.2       Confidential Information shall be kept in the strictest confidence and shall be protected by all reasonable and necessary security measures. Confidential Information shall not be released by the receiving party to anyone except an employee or agent, who has a need to know same, and who is bound by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as these contained herein. Neither party will use any portion of Confidential Information provided by the other party pursuant to the Agreement for any purpose other than as expressly set forth under the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may disclose Confidential Information strictly necessary to comply with the demands of any court order, law or governmental agency and Outbrain may share Confidential Information of Demand Partner with any holding company of Demand Partner or with any subsidiary company of Demand Partner’s holding company.
10.EXPORT CONTROLS
Partner will comply with all export laws and restrictions and regulations of the Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), or other United States or foreign agency or authority, and shall not export, or allow the export or re-export of the Unified Auction Service in violation of any such restrictions, laws or regulations. Partner agrees to the foregoing and represent and warrants that it is not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any restricted country. Partner represents and warrants that none of it, or any individual, entity, or organisation holding any ownership interest or controlling interest in Partner, including any officer or director, is an individual, entity, organisation with whom any United States law, regulation, or executive order prohibits U.S. companies and individuals from dealing, including, names appearing on the Specially Designated Nationals List
11.Miscellaneous
The Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of law provisions or the United Nations Conventions for the International Sale of Goods. Any action or proceeding arising from or relating to the Agreement must be brought in a federal court in the Southern District of New York or in state court in New York County, New York, and each party irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction and venue of any such court in any such action or proceeding. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of the Agreement is not performed in accordance with these specific terms. Accordingly, the parties agree that each shall be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of the Agreement, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. The parties are independent contractors, and nothing in the Agreement will be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, agency or other relationship between the parties. No failure or forbearance by a party to enforce any of its rights under the Agreement or insist upon performance of the other party’s obligations under the Agreement will be deemed a waiver of such rights or obligations to any extent, and no waiver by either party of any default or breach of the Agreement will constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent default or breach. Neither party will be liable for any failure to perform due to causes beyond the party's reasonable control. The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning its subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings, written or oral, concerning such subject matter. The Partner Enrollment Form may be amended, modified or superseded, only by a written instrument signed by both parties. The headings in the Agreement are for the convenience of reference only and have no legal effect. The Agreement may be executed and delivered via electronic transmission or another means of complete and accurate reproduction, and copies of the Agreement delivered via such means will be deemed originals for all purposes. The Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. If any provision of the Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, failing which, it shall be severed from the Agreement and the balance of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. Neither party may assign the Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the other party’s prior written consent, except (i) due to operation of law, merger, reorganization, or as a result of an acquisition or change of control, and (ii) by Outbrain to its subsidiaries. Subject to the foregoing, the Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors and assigns.
Effective December 3rd 2024
Download
Table of Contents
The following terms (“
Terms
”) govern Outbrain’s participation an auction to purchase certain digital advertising space or placements made available on SSP’s proprietary exchange or marketplace as defined in
the Enrollment Form.
1.
SSP’s Services.
1.1
SSP’s Services
. SSP will provide the following services to Outbrain (collectively the “
Services
”): (a) SSP will customize and implement an online advertising exchange (the “
Exchange
”) that performs in accordance with the functional specifications, which Exchange shall allow Outbrain to purchase impression inventory delivered by the Exchange (“
Deliverables
”) in near real time by bidding on the impression inventory; (b) SSP will host the Exchange; (c) SSP will provide maintenance services for the Exchange; and (d) its Services and, as necessary SSP will provide customization and support services, including reasonable education and support, during normal business hours, to Outbrain.
1.2
License Grant
. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, SSP hereby grants Outbrain a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access and use the Services. Outbrain agrees that it will not: (a) resell, license, lease, time-share, distribute or otherwise transfer to any third party its right to access and use the Services, (b) reverse engineer, decompile or dissemble the Services, (c) modify, copy or create derivative works of Services (or any part thereof), or (d) access or use Services for the purpose of building a competitive product or service or copying its features or user interface or authorize or permit a direct competitor to do so.
1.3
SSP’s Ownership
. SSP retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Services and Exchange, including all patent rights, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how and any other proprietary rights recognized in any jurisdiction, including registrations, applications, renewals and extensions thereof. (the
“Intellectual Property Rights
), Except as expressly provided herein, nothing in this Agreement will be construed to confer any ownership interest, licence, sale, or other rights upon SSP or Outbrain (as applicable) by implication, estoppel or otherwise, as to any Intellectual Property Rights of the other party or any third party
1.4
Acceptance
. The Exchange shall conform to the OpenRTB Native 2.3 (or higher) standard and Functional Specifications (as defined on the Order Form). Within ten (10) business days from the time SSP delivers the Exchange to Outbrain, Outbrain will review, test (including in respect of functionality, performance, and usability) and either approve or reject the Exchange. Outbrain will provide the relevant reasons for any rejection, suggesting modifications as appropriate, on an iterative basis, and SSP will correct and re-deliver the Exchange until it is in a form acceptable to Outbrain. In the event that the Exchange does not meet Outbrain’s final reasonable approval at least one (1) day prior to the launch date, either party may (without incurring any liability) terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other party.
2.
Outbrain’s Client’s Advertising Materials.
SSP acknowledges and agrees that it does not have any rights or title to any of the intellectual property rights contained in Outbrain’s clients’ advertising materials, except for the right to display the Outbrain’s clients’ advertisements on the websites in accordance with this Agreement and SSP agrees that it will not use the advertising materials for any other purpose. Further, SSP may not alter the advertising materials in any way.
3.
Payment.
3.1
Payment Terms
. Outbrain will pay SSP in accordance with this Agreement and as set forth on the Order Form. All payments are in US dollars. All payments under this Agreement will be in accordance with Outbrain’s measurements. Outbrain will pay SSP within sixty (60) business days of the end of each calendar month. If there is any disagreement with respect to any discrepancies related to the payment to SSP hereunder, the parties agree to work in good faith to resolve the dispute. Any dispute regarding a payment from Outbrain must be submitted to Outbrain in writing within thirty (30) days of postage or wire transfer date of such payment or it shall be deemed waived.
3.2
Payment Liability
. Unless otherwise set forth elsewhere, SSP agrees to hold Outbrain liable for payments solely to the extent proceeds have cleared from client to Outbrain for Fees incurred by bidding. For sums not cleared to Outbrain, SSP agrees to hold client solely liable. Outbrain agrees to make reasonable effort to collect and clear payment from client(s) on a timely basis. SSP hereby acknowledges and agrees that Outbrain shall have the right to set-off or withhold all amounts due by SSP to Outbrain or any of its Affiliates, from any amount payable by Outbrain or Affiliates to SSP.
3.3
Taxes
. For purposes of this Agreement, “Taxes” shall mean all federal, state, local, foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, purchase, use, ad valorem, value added, goods and services, harmonized sales, transfer, franchise, profits, withholding, payroll, excise, stamp, real or personal property, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, levies, assessments or charges of any kind whatsoever, including any related penalties and interest, imposed by any federal, territorial, state, local, or foreign government or any agency or political subdivision of any such government. Outbrain is solely responsible for the payment of all Taxes associated with its use of the Services and SSP is solely responsible for the payment of all Taxes associated with any payments made by Outbrain to SSP under the terms of this Agreement.
3.4
Fraudulent Activity
. Each party agrees that it will not, and will not authorize or encourage any third party to, directly or indirectly generate impressions, click-throughs, conversions, cloaked inventory, and/or other actions with respect to the Services or Exchange
through any automated, deceptive, fraudulent, or otherwise invalid means, including through repeated manual clicks, the use of “robots,” or other automated tools, or rendering or placing ads in a way to achieve excessive amount of accidental click-throughs (“
Fraudulent Activity
”) . If Outbrain suspects Fraudulent Activity, then Outbrain shall notify SSP via email that it suspects Fraudulent Activity and Outbrain, in its sole discretion, may withhold, setoff or charge back payment to SSP. In addition, SSP will promptly notify Outbrain of any actual or suspected Fraudulent Activity and cooperate with Outbrain in good faith to investigate, prevent and remedy any Fraudulent Activity.
4.
T
erm and Termination
.
4.1
Termination for breach.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement if the other party breaches this Agreement; provided that (a) the non-breaching Party provides the breaching Party written notice of such breach and (b) the breaching party fails to cure such breach within seven (7) days of such notice.
4.2
Effect of Termination.
Upon termination of the Term of this Agreement, Outbrain’s access to the Services shall cease and SSP shall not be under any further obligation to provide the Services under the terms of this Agreement. Outbrain shall pay SSP any undisputed fees owed to SSP within sixty (60) business days from the date of termination. Sections 1-3, 4.4 and 5-8 and 10.1 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. Within thirty (30) days of any termination or expiration of this Agreement, each party will return to the other party or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party.
5.
Data Protection
.
5.1 The parties are each a controller and/or a business in respect of end user data collected and processed via the Services and each party shall comply with all relevant provisions of data protection laws as it applies to matters under the Agreement and ensure that they process data fairly and lawfully in the provision and receipt of personal data. Each party remains individually responsible for compliance with relevant data protection laws and transparency obligations, provided however, that SSP shall have all contractual commitments in place with its publishers requiring them to comply with all data protection legislation in respect of the capturing of any consent to cookies required to be obtained from the relevant end user and any notices regarding the placing and use of third-party cookies upon which the Services relies.
5.2  Each party shall at all times satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for the processing of End User data.
5.3  Outbrain and SSP shall each maintain and display on their respective websites an easily accessible and discoverable privacy notice and/or policy that complies with all applicable laws, and with respect to SSP, that discloses (and as applicable, require its own partners to disclose) usage of third-party technology to collect, use and share data for the purpose of providing the Services. Outbrain's Privacy Policy is available at
http://www.outbrain.com/privacy
.
5.4  Requests from end users relating to the processing of personal data carried out by Outbrain can be exercised directly from Outbrain Interest Profile at
https://my.outbrain.com/recommendations-settings/home
.
5.5  The provisions of the SSP Data Sharing Agreement at
https://www.outbrain.com/legal#ssp-dsa
shall be fully incorporated into, and form part of, this Agreement.
6.
SSP’s Representations and Warranties
.
6.1  SSP represents and warrants that:
6.1.1  SSP is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of domicile (as listed on the Order Form).
6.1.2  SSP (i) has the full right and authority to enter and perform this Agreement; (ii) the execution, consent or acknowledgment of no other party is necessary in order to validate SSP’s entry into and performance of this Agreement; (iii) SSP’s entry into and performance of this Agreement does not violate any agreement binding on SSP; and (iv) this Agreement is a legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligation of SSP.
6.1.3  Nothing in the Services or Exchange infringes any intellectual property (copyright, author’s rights, trademark, etc.), personal right (right of privacy, right of publicity, defamation, etc.) or other proprietary right of any person nor do the Services or Exchange violate any local, state or federal law of the United States or any applicable international jurisdiction.
6.1.4  SSP will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Services according to the terms of this Agreement; and
6.1.5  SSP shall ensure that it and its publisher partners comply with the
Outbrain Publisher Guidelines
. SSP shall not place ads and it will not allow to place ads from Outbrain by injecting them into third party web pages or apps through browser extensions, injection proxies or other similar mechanisms.
6.1.6  SSP has all necessary rights and permissions to grant licenses in the Services to Outbrain.
6.1.7  SSP and SSP’s publisher partners comply and will continue to comply during the term of this agreement with all applicable laws, regulations and industry self-regulatory guidelines SSP represents and warrants that the SSP inventory does not and will not contain any Content that is: (i) illegal; (ii) infringes any Intellectual Property Right of any third party; (iii) is obscene, defamatory, libellous, slanderous material or material that violates any person’s right of publicity, privacy or personality; or (iv) knowingly contains a misrepresentation of fact or factual inaccuracy
6.1.8 Neither party to this Agreement has made any representations or warranties to the other except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.
7.
Limitation of Liability
. NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF (INCLUDING FOR LOSS OF DATA OR PROFITS, OR COST OF COVER), WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF (WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE) , EXCEED THE FEES ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY SSP FOR THE APPLICABLE SERVICE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR RELATING TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACT THAT GAVE RISE TO THE LIABILITY, EVEN IF THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING TYPES OF LOSSES OR DAMAGES.
8.
Indemnification
.
8.1  SSP hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Outbrain, its advertising clients, and their respective officers, directors, agents and employees from any and all liabilities, losses, expenses, damages, and costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees) that may at any time be incurred by any of them by reason of claims, actions, suits or proceedings relating to or arising out of: (i) any breach (or, as to defence obligations only, alleged breach) by SSP of any term, condition, representation or warranty under this Agreement; (ii) the websites used by SSP in providing the Services and the Exchange; (iii) Outbrain’s use of the Services or Exchange; (iv) the infringement of the Exchange or the Services, or on the intellectual property right of a third party.
8.2 Outbrain hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless SSP and its officers, directors from any liabilities damages, and costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees) that may at any time be incurred by any of them by reason of any third-party suits or proceedings relating to or arising out of Outbrain’s gross negligence, wilful misconduct or fraudulent actions.
8.3  Any claim for indemnification hereunder shall be subject to the following provisions: (i) the indemnifying party shall be given prompt written notice of the claim by the indemnified party, provided that any delay in providing notice shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its indemnity obligations under this Agreement unless, and only to the extent, the indemnifying party was prejudiced by the delay; (ii) the indemnifying party shall have the right to control the defence and all negotiations relative to the settlement of any such claim, provided that it diligently undertakes such defence and that no settlement admitting liability on the part of the indemnified party or limiting the indemnified party’s rights hereunder may be made without the express written consent of the indemnified party; and (iii) the indemnified party shall reasonably cooperate with the indemnifying party and its counsel at the indemnifying party’s cost and expense.
9.
Maintenance and Upgrades
.
9.1
Updates, Upgrades.
SSP shall provide Outbrain, without any further charge to Outbrain, all updates (comprising general bug fixes and minor enhancements) and upgrades (comprising enhancements and major functionality changes) for the Services or Exchange reflecting improvements made to the underlying technology upon the implementation of such updates and upgrades to the Services or Exchange.
9.2
Maintenance
. SSP may occasionally be required to suspend the Services or Exchange to provide maintenance services. SSP shall provide Outbrain with no less than ten (10) business days advanced written notice of any such suspension.
10.
General Provisions
.
10.1
Confidentiality
. Both parties agree that they will hold in strictest confidence and will not use or disclose to any third party, any confidential information disclosed by the other party. For purposes of this Agreement, “confidential information” shall mean all non-public information that a party designates as being confidential, or which, under the circumstances of disclosure ought to be treated as confidential. “Confidential Information” includes, without limitation, the terms and conditions of this Agreement, information relating to released or unreleased Outbrain technology (software and hardware products), marketing or promotion materials related to Outbrain’s technology, products or services or customers or suppliers of Outbrain and SSP’s Services. “Confidential Information” shall not include information that was known to either party prior to the disclosure by the other party, information that becomes publicly available through no fault of any party or information that was independently developed by either party.
10.2
Notices
. All notices, requests, demands and other communication given or required to be given hereunder shall be by email and duly addressed to the parties as set forth on the Order Form. Delivery of notice by email shall be deemed made on the date of delivery. Any party may change its address or telecopy number for notice purposes by giving notice to the other party.
10.3
Severability
.
If any provision of this Agreement or its application to any party or circumstance is held invalid or unenforceable, then the remainder of this Agreement and the affected provision to the extent it is not held shall remain valid and enforceable and in full force and effect.
10.4
No Partnership
. This Agreement shall not be construed as creating a partnership or joint venture between Outbrain or SSP or between either of them and any third party or cause either of them to be responsible in any manner for the other’s or any third party’s debts or obligations, including to any employees.
10.5
No Waiver
. A waiver by either party of a default by the other party or of any right hereunder shall be effective only if it is in a writing signed by the waiving party and shall not be construed as a waiver of any other default or right, whether similar or dissimilar.
10.6
Transfer
. Neither party may sell, assign, or otherwise transfer, or attempt to sell, assign or otherwise transfer, all or any portion of its rights or obligations under or otherwise in connection with this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however, the foregoing prohibition shall not apply to any sale of all or substantially all of one party’s assets or any merger or reorganisation to which consent of the other Party is not required.
10.7
Counterparts
.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which shall constitute one instrument. Facsimile copies and electronic copies of this Agreement are acceptable as original copies.
10.8
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
. This Agreement will be governed by and construed under applicable federal law and the laws of the State of New York, excluding any conflict of law provisions. Outbrain and SSP irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York state or federal court sitting in the Southern District of New York, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement.
10.9
Binding Effect
. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Outbrain and SSP and their permitted successors and assigns.
10.10
Survival
. Rights and obligations under this Agreement, which by their nature should survive, will remain in effect after the termination or expiration of this Agreement.
10.11
Entire Agreement; Amendments
. This Agreement contains all of the agreements of the parties hereto with respect to the matters contained herein and all prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings, oral or written, pertaining to any such matters are merged herein and shall not be effective for any purpose. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or added to except by an agreement in writing, which is signed by the parties hereto or their respective permitted successors-
Effective December 4th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
The following terms (“
Terms
”) govern Outbrain’s participation an auction to purchase certain digital advertising space or placements made available on SSP’s proprietary exchange or marketplace as defined in
the Enrollment Form.
1. SSP’s Services.
1.1
SSP’s Services
. SSP will provide the following services to Outbrain (collectively the “
Services
”): (a) SSP will customize and implement an online advertising exchange (the “
Exchange
”) that performs in accordance with the functional specifications, which Exchange shall allow Outbrain to purchase impression inventory delivered by the Exchange (“
Deliverables
”) in near real time by bidding on the impression inventory; (b) SSP will host the Exchange; (c) SSP will provide maintenance services for the Exchange; and (d) its Services and, as necessary SSP will provide customization and support services, including reasonable education and support, during normal business hours, to Outbrain.
1.2
License Grant
. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, SSP hereby grants Outbrain a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access and use the Services. Outbrain agrees that it will not: (a) resell, license, lease, time-share, distribute or otherwise transfer to any third party its right to access and use the Services, (b) reverse engineer, decompile or dissemble the Services, (c) modify, copy or create derivative works of Services (or any part thereof), or (d) access or use Services for the purpose of building a competitive product or service or copying its features or user interface or authorize or permit a direct competitor to do so.
1.3
SSP’s Ownership
. SSP retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Services and Exchange, including all patent rights, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how and any other proprietary rights recognized in any jurisdiction, including registrations, applications, renewals and extensions thereof. (the
“Intellectual Property Rights
), Except as expressly provided herein, nothing in this Agreement will be construed to confer any ownership interest, licence, sale, or other rights upon SSP or Outbrain (as applicable) by implication, estoppel or otherwise, as to any Intellectual Property Rights of the other party or any third party
1.4
Acceptance
. The Exchange shall conform to the OpenRTB Native 2.3 (or higher) standard and Functional Specifications (as defined on the Order Form). Within ten (10) business days from the time SSP delivers the Exchange to Outbrain, Outbrain will review, test (including in respect of functionality, performance, and usability) and either approve or reject the Exchange. Outbrain will provide the relevant reasons for any rejection, suggesting modifications as appropriate, on an iterative basis, and SSP will correct and re-deliver the Exchange until it is in a form acceptable to Outbrain. In the event that the Exchange does not meet Outbrain’s final reasonable approval at least one (1) day prior to the launch date, either party may (without incurring any liability) terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other party.
2.
Outbrain’s Client’s Advertising Materials.
SSP acknowledges and agrees that it does not have any rights or title to any of the intellectual property rights contained in Outbrain’s clients’ advertising materials, except for the right to display the Outbrain’s clients’ advertisements on the websites in accordance with this Agreement and SSP agrees that it will not use the advertising materials for any other purpose. Further, SSP may not alter the advertising materials in any way.
3.
Payment.
3.1
Payment Terms
. Outbrain will pay SSP in accordance with this Agreement and as set forth on the Order Form. All payments are in US dollars. All payments under this Agreement will be in accordance with Outbrain’s measurements. Outbrain will pay SSP within sixty (60) business days of the end of each calendar month. If there is any disagreement with respect to any discrepancies related to the payment to SSP hereunder, the parties agree to work in good faith to resolve the dispute. Any dispute regarding a payment from Outbrain must be submitted to Outbrain in writing within thirty (30) days of postage or wire transfer date of such payment or it shall be deemed waived.
3.2
Payment Liability
. Unless otherwise set forth elsewhere, SSP agrees to hold Outbrain liable for payments solely to the extent proceeds have cleared from client to Outbrain for Fees incurred by bidding. For sums not cleared to Outbrain, SSP agrees to hold client solely liable. Outbrain agrees to make reasonable effort to collect and clear payment from client(s) on a timely basis. SSP hereby acknowledges and agrees that Outbrain shall have the right to set-off or withhold all amounts due by SSP to Outbrain or any of its Affiliates, from any amount payable by Outbrain or Affiliates to SSP.
3.3
Taxes
. For purposes of this Agreement, “Taxes” shall mean all federal, state, local, foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, purchase, use, ad valorem, value added, goods and services, harmonized sales, transfer, franchise, profits, withholding, payroll, excise, stamp, real or personal property, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, levies, assessments or charges of any kind whatsoever, including any related penalties and interest, imposed by any federal, territorial, state, local, or foreign government or any agency or political subdivision of any such government. Outbrain is solely responsible for the payment of all Taxes associated with its use of the Services and SSP is solely responsible for the payment of all Taxes associated with any payments made by Outbrain to SSP under the terms of this Agreement.
3.4
Fraudulent Activity
. Each party agrees that it will not, and will not authorize or encourage any third party to, directly or indirectly generate impressions, click-throughs, conversions, cloaked inventory, and/or other actions with respect to the Services or Exchange
through any automated, deceptive, fraudulent, or otherwise invalid means, including through repeated manual clicks, the use of “robots,” or other automated tools, or rendering or placing ads in a way to achieve excessive amount of accidental click-throughs (“
Fraudulent Activity
”) . If Outbrain suspects Fraudulent Activity, then Outbrain shall notify SSP via email that it suspects Fraudulent Activity and Outbrain, in its sole discretion, may withhold, setoff or charge back payment to SSP. In addition, SSP will promptly notify Outbrain of any actual or suspected Fraudulent Activity and cooperate with Outbrain in good faith to investigate, prevent and remedy any Fraudulent Activity.
4.
T
erm and Termination
.
4.1
Termination for breach.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement if the other party breaches this Agreement; provided that (a) the non-breaching Party provides the breaching Party written notice of such breach and (b) the breaching party fails to cure such breach within seven (7) days of such notice.
4.2
Effect of Termination.
Upon termination of the Term of this Agreement, Outbrain’s access to the Services shall cease and SSP shall not be under any further obligation to provide the Services under the terms of this Agreement. Outbrain shall pay SSP any undisputed fees owed to SSP within sixty (60) business days from the date of termination. Sections 1-3, 4.4 and 5-8 and 10.1 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. Within thirty (30) days of any termination or expiration of this Agreement, each party will return to the other party or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party.
5.
Data Protection
.
5.1  The parties are each a controller and/or a business in respect of end user data collected and processed via the Services and each party shall comply with all relevant provisions of data protection laws as it applies to matters under the Agreement and ensure that they process data fairly and lawfully in the provision and receipt of personal data. Each party remains individually responsible for compliance with relevant data protection laws and transparency obligations, provided however, that SSP shall have all contractual commitments in place with its publishers requiring them to comply with all data protection legislation in respect of the capturing of any consent to cookies required to be obtained from the relevant end user and any notices regarding the placing and use of third-party cookies upon which the Services relies.
5.2  Each party shall at all times satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for the processing of End User data.
5.3  Outbrain and SSP shall each maintain and display on their respective websites an easily accessible and discoverable privacy notice and/or policy that complies with all applicable laws, and with respect to SSP, that discloses (and as applicable, require its own partners to disclose) usage of third-party technology to collect, use and share data for the purpose of providing the Services. Outbrain's Privacy Policy is available at
http://www.outbrain.com/privacy
.
5.4  Requests from end users relating to the processing of personal data carried out by Outbrain can be exercised directly from Outbrain Interest Profile at
https://my.outbrain.com/recommendations-settings/home
.
5.5  The provisions of the SSP Data Sharing Agreement at
https://www.outbrain.com/legal#ssp-dsa
shall be fully incorporated into, and form part of, this Agreement.
6.
SSP’s Representations and Warranties
.
6.1  SSP represents and warrants that:
6.1.1  SSP is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of domicile (as listed on the Order Form).
6.1.2  SSP (i) has the full right and authority to enter and perform this Agreement; (ii) the execution, consent or acknowledgment of no other party is necessary in order to validate SSP’s entry into and performance of this Agreement; (iii) SSP’s entry into and performance of this Agreement does not violate any agreement binding on SSP; and (iv) this Agreement is a legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligation of SSP.
6.1.3  Nothing in the Services or Exchange infringes any intellectual property (copyright, author’s rights, trademark, etc.), personal right (right of privacy, right of publicity, defamation, etc.) or other proprietary right of any person nor do the Services or Exchange violate any local, state or federal law of the United States or any applicable international jurisdiction.
6.1.4  SSP will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Services according to the terms of this Agreement; and
6.1.5  SSP shall ensure that it and its publisher partners comply with the
Outbrain Publisher Guidelines
. SSP shall not place ads and it will not allow to place ads from Outbrain by injecting them into third party web pages or apps through browser extensions, injection proxies or other similar mechanisms.
6.1.6  SSP has all necessary rights and permissions to grant licenses in the Services to Outbrain.
6.1.7  SSP and SSP’s publisher partners comply and will continue to comply during the term of this agreement with all applicable laws, regulations and industry self-regulatory guidelines SSP represents and warrants that the SSP inventory does not and will not contain any Content that is: (i) illegal; (ii) infringes any Intellectual Property Right of any third party; (iii) is obscene, defamatory, libellous, slanderous material or material that violates any person’s right of publicity, privacy or personality; or (iv) knowingly contains a misrepresentation of fact or factual inaccuracy
6.1.8  Neither party to this Agreement has made any representations or warranties to the other except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.
7.
Limitation of Liability
. NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF (INCLUDING FOR LOSS OF DATA OR PROFITS, OR COST OF COVER), WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF (WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE) , EXCEED THE FEES ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY SSP FOR THE APPLICABLE SERVICE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR RELATING TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACT THAT GAVE RISE TO THE LIABILITY, EVEN IF THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING TYPES OF LOSSES OR DAMAGES.
8.
Indemnification
.
8.1 SSP hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Outbrain, its advertising clients, and their respective officers, directors, agents and employees from any and all liabilities, losses, expenses, damages, and costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees) that may at any time be incurred by any of them by reason of claims, actions, suits or proceedings relating to or arising out of: (i) any breach (or, as to defence obligations only, alleged breach) by SSP of any term, condition, representation or warranty under this Agreement; (ii) the websites used by SSP in providing the Services and the Exchange; (iii) Outbrain’s use of the Services or Exchange; (iv) the infringement of the Exchange or the Services, or on the intellectual property right of a third party.
8.2  Outbrain hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless SSP and its officers, directors from any liabilities damages, and costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees) that may at any time be incurred by any of them by reason of any third-party suits or proceedings relating to or arising out of Outbrain’s gross negligence, wilful misconduct or fraudulent actions.
8.3  Any claim for indemnification hereunder shall be subject to the following provisions: (i) the indemnifying party shall be given prompt written notice of the claim by the indemnified party, provided that any delay in providing notice shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its indemnity obligations under this Agreement unless, and only to the extent, the indemnifying party was prejudiced by the delay; (ii) the indemnifying party shall have the right to control the defence and all negotiations relative to the settlement of any such claim, provided that it diligently undertakes such defence and that no settlement admitting liability on the part of the indemnified party or limiting the indemnified party’s rights hereunder may be made without the express written consent of the indemnified party; and (iii) the indemnified party shall reasonably cooperate with the indemnifying party and its counsel at the indemnifying party’s cost and expense.
9.
Maintenance and Upgrades
.
9.1
Updates, Upgrades.
SSP shall provide Outbrain, without any further charge to Outbrain, all updates (comprising general bug fixes and minor enhancements) and upgrades (comprising enhancements and major functionality changes) for the Services or Exchange reflecting improvements made to the underlying technology upon the implementation of such updates and upgrades to the Services or Exchange.
9.2
Maintenance
. SSP may occasionally be required to suspend the Services or Exchange to provide maintenance services. SSP shall provide Outbrain with no less than ten (10) business days advanced written notice of any such suspension.
10.
General Provisions
.
10.1
Confidentiality
. Both parties agree that they will hold in strictest confidence and will not use or disclose to any third party, any confidential information disclosed by the other party. For purposes of this Agreement, “confidential information” shall mean all non-public information that a party designates as being confidential, or which, under the circumstances of disclosure ought to be treated as confidential. “Confidential Information” includes, without limitation, the terms and conditions of this Agreement, information relating to released or unreleased Outbrain technology (software and hardware products), marketing or promotion materials related to Outbrain’s technology, products or services or customers or suppliers of Outbrain and SSP’s Services. “Confidential Information” shall not include information that was known to either party prior to the disclosure by the other party, information that becomes publicly available through no fault of any party or information that was independently developed by either party.
10.2
Notices
. All notices, requests, demands and other communication given or required to be given hereunder shall be by email and duly addressed to the parties as set forth on the Order Form. Delivery of notice by email shall be deemed made on the date of delivery. Any party may change its address or telecopy number for notice purposes by giving notice to the other party.
10.3
Severability
.
If any provision of this Agreement or its application to any party or circumstance is held invalid or unenforceable, then the remainder of this Agreement and the affected provision to the extent it is not held shall remain valid and enforceable and in full force and effect.
10.4
No Partnership
. This Agreement shall not be construed as creating a partnership or joint venture between Outbrain or SSP or between either of them and any third party or cause either of them to be responsible in any manner for the other’s or any third party’s debts or obligations, including to any employees.
10.5
No Waiver
. A waiver by either party of a default by the other party or of any right hereunder shall be effective only if it is in a writing signed by the waiving party and shall not be construed as a waiver of any other default or right, whether similar or dissimilar.
10.6
Transfer
. Neither party may sell, assign, or otherwise transfer, or attempt to sell, assign or otherwise transfer, all or any portion of its rights or obligations under or otherwise in connection with this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however, the foregoing prohibition shall not apply to any sale of all or substantially all of one party’s assets or any merger or reorganisation to which consent of the other Party is not required.
10.7
Counterparts
.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which shall constitute one instrument. Facsimile copies and electronic copies of this Agreement are acceptable as original copies.
10.8
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
. This Agreement will be governed by and construed under applicable laws of England and Wales, excluding any conflict of law provisions. Outbrain and SSP irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of any England and Wales, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement.
10.9
Binding Effect
. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Outbrain and SSP and their permitted successors and assigns.
10.10
Survival
. Rights and obligations under this Agreement, which by their nature should survive, will remain in effect after the termination or expiration of this Agreement.
10.11
Entire Agreement; Amendments
. This Agreement contains all of the agreements of the parties hereto with respect to the matters contained herein and all prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings, oral or written, pertaining to any such matters are merged herein and shall not be effective for any purpose. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or added to except by an agreement in writing, which is signed by the parties hereto or their respective permitted successors-
Effective January 18th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
The following terms (“
Terms
”) govern Partner’s participation an auction to purchase certain digital advertising space or placements made available on Outbrain’s proprietary exchange or marketplace as defined in a Enrollment Form.
1.	Service
1.1
Access to the Service.
Demand Partner will use the Services only for its own use or for an advertiser or direct agent with which Demand Partner has a direct relationship (“
DP Client
”).  During the Term, Outbrain grants Demand Partner a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to access and use the Service as reasonably necessary for Demand Partner’s normal use of the Service on a self-serve basis, in particular, for the purposes of bidding on and purchasing Partner Inventory on an ‘auction’ basis. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Outbrain, in its sole discretion, shall determine what percentage of its Partner Inventory to permit DP to bid on and to allocate to the Service generally.  Outbrain owns all right, title, and interest in and to the Service.  Aside from the limited rights and licenses expressly granted hereunder, no other license is granted.
1.2
Ads
.  Demand Partner has the right and authorizes Outbrain to place its, or DP Client’s, ads on the Partner Inventory, and is solely responsible for determining the propriety and legality of the ads (which includes all elements of the ad, including the photograph and headline).  Ads must comply with Outbrain’s Advertising Guidelines (available at
https://www.outbrain.com/advertisers/guidelines/
).  Outbrain may at any time for any or no reason reject or remove any ad.  Demand Partner shall not, directly or indirectly, provide an ad that: (i) is obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous, pornographic, violent, profane, indecent or unlawful; (ii) is factually inaccurate, misleading or deceptive; or (iii) facilitates or promotes any type of illegal activity, including without limitation pyramid schemes, gambling, the sale or use of illicit drugs, or discrimination or harassment of any individual or group.  Further, ads shall neither (a) redirect to a destination other than as originally submitted to the Service, and/or (b) be substantively different from the ad originally submitted to the Service.
1.3
3rd Party Targeting
. When utilizes third party segments for enhanced targeting of its campaign.  If Partner uses 3rd Party Targeting of its campaign(s), Partner shall pay for its use above mentioned including any applicable taxes. If Partner utilizes 3
rd
Party Targeting the Partner shall (i) disclose this to users via an appropriate notice and/or in its privacy policy (as applicable), and (ii) not use 3
rd
Party Targeting to target minors or other sensitive categories of data ((iii) disclose to it’s users that he  may place third party pixels or tags (“the “
Third Party Pixels
”) for the purpose of providing analytics related to 3rd Party Targeting functionality. Partner represents and warrants that (a) its use of the Third Party Pixels is in accordance with Data Protection Laws; and (b) it has provided appropriate notice to users regarding use of the Pixels, including an explanation (1) that third parties, including Outbrain, may use cookies or similar technologies to collect or receive information from Partner’s website(s), and may use that information to provide measurement services and target ads; and (2) as to how users opt-out of the collection of information for targeting purposes.
1.4
Beta Features
.  During the Term, Outbrain may offer Demand Partner the right to use certain experimental features that are made available to Demand Partner by Outbrain on a test basis (“
Beta Features
”).  All Beta Features are provided on an “as is” basis, without any representations, warranties, covenants or obligations of any kind.  Any use by Demand Partner of Beta Features is solely at Demand Partner’s own risk.  Outbrain may modify or remove any Beta Features at any time.
1.5
Reporting.
All Demand Partner-trafficked ads will be counted as impressions.  Outbrain’s final monthly reports of impressions will provide the conclusive basis for Outbrain's calculation of the Fees (defined below) owed by Demand Partner.  If there is a 5% discrepancy or more between Demand Partner's reporting and Outbrain's, then the parties agree to work in good faith to identify the correct amount to be paid to Outbrain.  If the discrepancy is less than 5%, Outbrain's numbers shall be conclusive. If Outbrain's reporting in a given day varies by more than 5% in comparison to Demand Partner's reporting, and Demand Partner notifies Outbrain of this in writing (email shall suffice), then the parties shall make all best efforts to solve the discrepancy as follows within 3 business days thereafter:(a) Outbrain and Demand Partner shall exchange reporting data in good faith in order to find the source of the discrepancy; (b) Outbrain shall stop sending bid requests and/or Demand Partner will stop bidding on that portion of supply where the Parties have agreed via email there is a discrepancy;(c) Based on the findings regarding the cause of such discrepancy it will be decided between the parties whether an amount should be waived. In case Demand Partner and Outbrain do not reach an agreement, Demand Partner may ultimately dispute the amount in question in accordance with this Section. For the avoidance of doubt, Demand Partner shall not allowed to withhold any non-disputed amounts.
1.6
Limitations.
Outbrain does not guarantee: (a) the placement, positioning or the timing of delivery of any ads, (b) impressions or clicks on any ads, or (c) conversions.   In no event shall Outbrain be liable for failure to provide any of the foregoing.
1.7
Prohibitions
.  Demand Partner will not (a) attempt to circumvent any Outbrain security measure, (b) share its Service user interface login or otherwise grant account access with any third party without the express permission of Outbrain, (c) reproduce, distribute, modify, prepare derivative works of, translate, reverse engineer, reverse compile or disassemble any Outbrain-provided tag, or any portion of the Service, (d) use or authorize the use of the Service for any purpose not permitted under this Agreement, (e) copy, sell, transfer, lease, lend, syndicate, or sub-syndicate the Service, or use the Service for co-branding, timesharing, arbitrage (e.g., reselling), service bureau or other unauthorized purposes, (f) utilize rotating ad tags or otherwise violate Outbrain’s Advertising Guidelines (g) import into the Service any personally identifiable information including by using Outbrain’s ad tags or pixels, or (h) distribute viruses or other malware (through the ads or any other mechanism).  Outbrain may immediately suspend Demand Partner’s access or terminate this Agreement upon any breach by Demand Partner of this
Section 1.8
.  Under no circumstances may Demand Partner use the Services for gathering competitive intelligence.  To the extent that Outbrain provides the name and/or section of a name of the website related to Partner Inventory, Demand Partner shall not use such information (i) as its primary bidding criteria (e.g., Demand Partner will bid on a user based on what Demand Partner knows about such user, and only use the website name as secondary information informing the bid price), and (ii) to build a "segment" of users of a particular website or group of websites such that the group associated with a particular website, section of the website or general interest areas of a website (e.g., Demand Partner may not create an “ESPN Audience” or “sport fans” segment based on any information obtained by using the Service).
2.	Compliance, Privacy and Data
2.1
Compliance
Demand Partner will, and will require DP Clients, to (i) follow the Notice and Choice Provisions of the NAI Principles found at
www.networkadvertising.org
, and (ii) publish and comply with a legally sufficient privacy policy that fulfills the requirements of the DAA Self-Governing Principles found at
aboutads.info
.  Demand Partner must place the AdChoice icon (or a similar icon) on each ad displayed on the Partner Inventory.  Such icon must link directly to the Demand Partner and/or DP Clients’ opt out functionality (or the NAI global opt out).  Demand Partner shall ensure that its collection, storage and use of all user data (including any tracking and analytics used), whether conducted through the Service or otherwise, is strictly in compliance with all applicable laws, including any local law requirements related to use of IP addresses, behavioral information and /or COPPA.
2.2
Data.
Any data provided by Outbrain to Demand Partner, or collected directly by Demand Partner through its use of the Service shall belong to Outbrain (“
Outbrain Data
”).  Demand Partner has a limited license to use the Outbrain Data only in compliance with this Agreement and for its internal use and reporting to DP Clients, provided, that each such client agrees in writing to Demand Partner that such reporting may be used for its own internal purposes.  For clarity, any collection of data by Demand Partner regarding a user's interaction with a particular website of the Partner Inventory shall not be disclosed, sold, or otherwise transferred to any third party for any purpose.
2.3
No PII.
In no event will Demand Partner (a) import any personally identifiable information into the Service, including by using Outbrain's pixels to gather such information, and (b) combine any Outbrain Data with any personally identifiable information.
2.4
Data Sharing Agreement. The provisions of the
OPA Data Sharing Agreement
shall be fully incorporated into, and form part of, this Agreement.
3.	Fees and Payment Terms
3.1	Demand Partner shall pay Outbrain fees (based on the number of ad impressions, as measured by Outbrain's tracking system and any applicable taxes (“Fees”) within thirty (30) days of receipt of Outbrain's invoice.  If Demand Partner chooses to pay its invoice via credit card, a three percent (3%) convenience fee shall be added to the Fees.
3.2	If payment is not made when due, Outbrain may charge interest at the rate of 2% per month (or the maximum allowed by law, whichever is lower) from the due date until the date of actual payment, whether before or after judgment.  Outbrain also reserves the right to suspend or terminate Demand Partner's use of the Service until Demand Partner has paid all amounts due and to charge Demand Partner for all costs of collection, including collection agency and reasonable legal fees and court costs. Demand Partner authorizes Outbrain to investigate Demand Partner's credit record.  If applicable, Demand Partner agrees to provide such further financial information and documentation as may be required from time to time by Outbrain as a condition for the continued extension of credit.  Demand Partner acknowledges and agrees that any account, credit card and related billing and payment information which Demand Partner provides to Outbrain may be shared by Outbrain with companies who work on Outbrain's behalf solely for the purpose of performing credit checks, effecting payment to Outbrain, collecting debts owed to Outbrain and/or servicing Demand Partner's account.
3.3	All payments due under this Agreement shall be made without setoff or deduction, including for or on account of any present or future tax, assessment, or other governmental charge (“
Taxes
”) imposed upon such payment by any state, country, political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.  If Demand Partner shall at any time be required by law to withhold any Taxes from any payment to Outbrain, Demand Partner will pay as additional amounts to Outbrain such amounts as may be necessary so that every net payment to Outbrain after withholding for or on account of any Taxes will not be less than the amount required under this Agreement then due and payable.  Demand Partner shall notify Outbrain of any disputes or discrepancies in writing within 30 days of receipt of invoice, after such time the invoice shall be final, and all disputes or discrepancies waived.
4.	Term and Cancellation
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time in the event of a breach by the other party of any material provision of this Agreement that remains uncured ten (10) days after the breaching party’s receipt of written notice of the breach.  Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, all rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement will be extinguished, except that
Sections
6
,
8
,
9
and
10
, together with any outstanding payment obligation, will survive and continue to bind the parties in accordance with their terms.
5.	Additional Representations and Warranties/Disclaimers
5.1	Each party represents and warrants to the other party that: (i) it has all necessary rights and authority to enter into the Agreement and grant the rights and licenses under the Agreement; and (ii) the execution or acceptance of the Agreement, and the performance of its respective obligations and duties pursuant to the Agreement, do not and will not violate any agreement to which such party is bound.
5.2	Demand Partner further represents and warrants that: (i) the ads it submits, uploads and/or runs through the Service do not violate any applicable laws, rules and regulations and will not contain any material which may be harmful, abusive, obscene, threatening or defamatory; (ii) it has all necessary rights to permit and grants Outbrain pursuant to this Agreement all such rights which are necessary for Outbrain to (as applicable) use, host, cache, route, store, copy, modify, distribute, reformat, reproduce, publish, display, transmit and distribute the ads; (iii) use of the ad in accordance with the Agreement will not infringe any intellectual property rights of any third party; and (iv) it will not use the Service in a manner that provides an unintended advantage or interferes with the integrity and/or overall performance of the Service.  Outbrain may immediately suspend any campaign or Demand Partner’s use of the Services if Demand Partner violates this Section 5.
5.3	If the ads have been provided to Demand Partner by a third party, Demand Partner represents and warrants that: (i) it is the authorized agent of the provider of the ad; (ii) it has the legal authority to enter into the Agreement and make all decisions and take all actions relating to the provider of the ad; (iii) it has entered into a written agreement granting the agent the authority to represent the provider of the ad in accordance with (i) and (ii) above (and shall submit such agreement to Outbrain upon request).   (iii) it shall comply with Applicable Laws and “Applicable Laws” means any applicable federal, national, state, or foreign laws or regulations or any industry self-regulatory rules or guidelines (including the Interactive Advertising Bureau Guidelines, Standards & Best Practices, the NAI Code of Conduct, the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.
5.4	EXCEPT AS MAY BE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE AGREEMENT, OUTBRAIN MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE ABOUT ITS SERVICES AND THE PERFORMANCE OR SUCCESS OF ANY CAMPAIGNS MADE BY IT ON BEHALF OF DEMAND PARTNER, OR THAT THE SERVICE WILL OPERATE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE OR ERROR FREE.
6.	Indemnification
6.1	Each party shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other party and its respective agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, contractors, and Inventory Partners (as applicable) against any and all third party claims resulting from the breach of such party's duties, obligations and representations under the Agreement.
6.2	In connection with any such claim: (i) the indemnified party shall provide prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any such claim (provided that the failure to provide such prompt notice shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its indemnification obligations in the Agreement, except to the extent it has been damaged thereby); (ii) the indemnifying party shall have sole control of the defense or settlement of the claim (provided that the indemnifying party may not enter into any settlement that may adversely affect the rights or obligations of the indemnified party without the indemnified party's prior written consent); (iii) at the indemnifying party's request and expense, the indemnified party cooperating in the investigation and defense of such claim; and (iv) the indemnified party shall have the right to participate in its defense with counsel of its own choosing at the indemnified party's expense.
7.	Limitation of Liability
EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS ARISING FROM A PARTY'S INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, BREACH OF SECTION 2, AND/OR NON-PAYMENT OF FEES OWED IN THE AGREEMENT, THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY AND ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, VENDORS, NETWORK PARTNERS OR AGENTS FOR ANY ACTION REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WHETHER IN TORT OR CONTRACT, ARISING UNDER OR RELATED IN ANY WAY TO THE AGREEMENT OR ITS IMPLEMENTATION SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF: (I) THE AMOUNT OF FEES PAYABLE BY DEMAND PARTNER UNDER THE AGREEMENT IN THE 12 MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO A CLAIM; AND (II) $500,000.  IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES OR OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST DATA, LOST REVENUES OR LOST PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED IN ANY WAY TO THE AGREEMENT OR ITS IMPLEMENTATION, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  FURTHERMORE, DEMAND PARTNER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT OUTBRAIN IS NOT LIABLE FOR TRANSACTIONS EXECUTED WITHIN THE SERVICE AS A RESULT OF ERRORS MADE IN ENTERING INFORMATION INTO THE OUTBRAIN USER INTERFACE BY DEMAND PARTNER, INCLUDING INCORRECT PRICING, TARGETING OR BUDGETING INFORMATION. NOTWITHSTANDING ALL OF THE FOREGOING, NOTHING HEREIN SHALL LIMIT DEMAND PARTNER’S OBLIGATION TO PAY THE FEES.  OUTBRAIN IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY OUTAGES OR DOWNTIME OF THE SERVICE.
8. 	Intellectual Property Rights.
Each party acknowledges and agrees that each party has the exclusive right, title, and interest in and to all of their respective trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos, program and event names, identifications, and other proprietary rights and privileges (“
Intellectual Property
”).  This Agreement and its various provisions are not a license or assignment of any right, title, or interest in either party’s Intellectual Property by or to the other party.  Neither party may, in any manner, represent that it has any ownership or other interest in the other party’s Intellectual Property.  Neither party may do or cause to be done anything that impairs the other party’s exclusive license in its Intellectual Property.  Neither party may use, print, or duplicate the Intellectual Property of the other party unless prior written approval has been obtained from the other party.  Any permitted use by one party of the Intellectual Property of the other party is limited to the term of this Agreement.  Upon the termination of this Agreement, or upon request of either party, the other party must immediately cease all use of the applicable Intellectual Property and shall promptly return all materials to requesting party.  Neither party may assign or attempt to assign any rights with regard to the other party’s Intellectual Property that arise under this Agreement and any such attempted assignment is void.
9.	Confidentiality
9.1	Each party agrees that with respect to any Confidential Information (as defined below) that is disclosed by one party to the other in connection with the Agreement, the party receiving such Confidential Information shall not disclose such Confidential Information to any third party, or use it for any purpose, except in connection with its rights and obligations under the Agreement. "
Confidential Information
"
means all information concerning a party or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates that is not generally known to the public, which information is marked confidential or proprietary, or which under the circumstances ought reasonably to be treated as confidential or proprietary, and includes, without limitation, the terms of the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include information that: (i) is, as of the time of disclosure, or thereafter becomes, part of the public domain through a source other than the receiving party; (ii) was lawfully in the possession of the receiving party as of the time of disclosure; (iii) is independently developed by the receiving party without reference to the Confidential Information; or (iv) is subsequently obtained from a third party not subject to an obligation of confidentiality with respect to the information disclosed.
9.2	Confidential Information shall be kept in the strictest confidence and shall be protected by all reasonable and necessary security measures. Confidential Information shall not be released by the receiving party to anyone except an employee or agent, who has a need to know same, and who is bound by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as these contained herein. Neither party will use any portion of Confidential Information provided by the other party pursuant to the Agreement for any purpose other than as expressly set forth under the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may disclose Confidential Information strictly necessary to comply with the demands of any court order, law or governmental agency and Outbrain may share Confidential Information of Demand Partner with any holding company of Demand Partner or with any subsidiary company of Demand Partner’s holding company.
11. Miscellaneous
This Agreement will be governed by and construed under applicable laws of England and Wales, excluding any conflict of law provisions. Outbrain and Demand Partner irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of any England and Wales, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of the Agreement is not performed in accordance with these specific terms. Accordingly, the parties agree that each shall be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of the Agreement, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. The parties are independent contractors, and nothing in the Agreement will be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, agency or other relationship between the parties. No failure or forbearance by a party to enforce any of its rights under the Agreement or insist upon performance of the other party’s obligations under the Agreement will be deemed a waiver of such rights or obligations to any extent, and no waiver by either party of any default or breach of the Agreement will constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent default or breach. Neither party will be liable for any failure to perform due to causes beyond the party's reasonable control. The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning its subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings, written or oral, concerning such subject matter. The Partner Enrollment Form may be amended, modified or superseded, only by a written instrument signed by both parties. The headings in the Agreement are for the convenience of reference only and have no legal effect. The Agreement may be executed and delivered via electronic transmission or another means of complete and accurate reproduction, and copies of the Agreement delivered via such means will be deemed originals for all purposes. The Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. If any provision of the Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, failing which, it shall be severed from the Agreement and the balance of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. Neither party may assign the Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the other party’s prior written consent, except (i) due to operation of law, merger, reorganization, or as a result of an acquisition or change of control, and (ii) by Outbrain to its subsidiaries. Subject to the foregoing, the Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors and assigns.
Effective December 6th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
TECHNOLOGY LICENSE AGREEMENT
This Technology License Agreement (the “
Terms
”) is entered into on the Effective Date by and between the Outbrain entity and Partner identified in the Order Form. Outbrain and Partner may collectively be referred to herein as the Parties and each individually as a Party. These Terms shall apply to any and all agreements between the parties and their Affiliates from time to time.
1.
DEFINITIONS
1.1. “
Content
” means graphical, textual, and/or auditory content (which may include text, data, information, photos, images, graphics, audio, video or other content).
1.2. "
Data
" means all data collected or generated by Outbrain through the Technology, including any reports or other data made available to Partner in connection with the Agreement.
1.3. “
End Users
” means the viewer of a web page, application or platform on which the Technology is implemented;
1.4.
“Partner Sites”
means the web properties, applications or platforms identified in the Order Form, together with any additional properties on which Partner elects to implement the Technology upon prior written approval from Outbrain (e-mail will suffice) and on which Partner has ownership and control.
1.5. "
Technology
" means the Javascript, API, SDK and/or associated protocols provided by Outbrain to Partner.
1.6. “
Updates
” means updates, modifications or improvements to the Technology from time to time in Outbrain’s sole discretion, including, but not limited to, adding Ads.txt lines and any other similar industry standards.
2.
TECHNOLOGY, PLACEMENT AND APPEARANCE.
2.1. Outbrain owns and operates the Technology (the “
Technology
”). Partner shall implement the Technology pursuant to Outbrain’s technical instructions, including any implementation guides made available by Outbrain, as revised from time to time. Outbrain, in its sole discretion, may determine which of Outbrain’s available Technology (e.g., JS, API, SDK or any other equivalent technology) shall be used in each Partner implementation.
2.2. Partner shall display the Technology throughout the Term in accordance with all self-regulatory codes and applicable laws and regulations, including with respect to disclosing the source or nature of the Technology.
2.3. to time. If Outbrain requests Partner to implement any such Updates, Partner shall make such Updates within thirty (30) days of receipt of same from Outbrain; provided, that if Outbrain requests Partner to implement any Updates that Partner can demonstrate would materially and adversely affect the performance of the Partner Sites, Outbrain may either address Partner’s concerns to its reasonable satisfaction or agree not to require Partner to implement such Updates.
2.4. Outbrain may test changes to the Technology and, based on the results of such testing, Outbrain may make optimizations to the Technology if such optimizations may result in increased click through rates and/or conversions on the Partner Sites (as calculated by Outbrain in its sole discretion). To the extent that Partner uses the API and thus controls any testing, Partner shall comply with such testing requests on at least a quarterly basis.
3.
FEES AND PAYMENT TERMS.
3.1. During the Term, the Partner will pay fees set out in the Order Form (collectively, the “
Fees
”) without withholding or set off.
3.2. If any fees or payments due to Outbrain pursuant to this Agreement are not paid by Partner by the due date thereof, Partner shall pay to Outbrain interest on such unpaid amounts from the due date until the date payment is received in full by Outbrain at a rate equal to three (3%) per month or, if lower, the maximum percentage permitted by applicable law. In addition, all collection expenses, including, without limitation, legal fees, incurred by Outbrain with regards to the collection of a delayed payment or as a result of a delayed payment shall be borne by the Partner.
3.3. Partner shall pay Outbrain within thirty (30) days from receipt of Outbrain’s invoice.
3.4.
Taxes
: Partner shall be responsible for the payment of all applicable tax impositions, fees, or other charges that arise in any jurisdiction (including, without limitation, export, sales, use, excise, and value-added taxes) under this technology license Agreement, except those taxes related to our income, property, franchise, or employees and excise. Suppose Outbrain is found to have a legal obligation to pay or collect taxes for which Partner is responsible under the technology license Agreement. In that case, the appropriate amount will be invoiced and paid by Partner unless Partner provides Outbrain with a valid exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority.
4.
LICENSE TERMS.
4.1. Subject to Partner’s full compliance with all of the terms of the Agreement, Outbrain grants Partner a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-sublicensable, non- transferable license to use the Technology to on Partner Sites ((the “
License
”).
4.2. Outbrain grants Partner, during the Term, a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use and display Outbrain’s trademarks, service marks and logos (collectively, “
Outbrain Marks
”), as incorporated into the Technology, strictly in accordance with Partner’s obligations and rights in the Agreement. All goodwill arising out of Partner’s use of any of the Outbrain Marks shall inure solely to the benefit of Outbrain. Outbrain shall have the right to refer to Partner and the Partner Sites in any general listing of advertisers or partners (including in marketing and sales materials) who have implemented the Technology. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party will request prior written consent before issuing a press release regarding the Agreement or using the other party’s name on its website other than in accordance with the Agreement.
4.3. Outbrain retains all right, title and interest in and to the Outbrain Marks, Technology and Data (excluding any Content from the Partner Sites which shall be owned by Partner); and (b) Partner retains all right, title and interest in and to the Partner Sites including the look and feel, excluding the items described in subparagraph (a) above, (including without limitation all intellectual property rights in them).
4.4. The licenses granted under the Agreement are specifically set forth in the Agreement; there are no implied rights. All rights not expressly granted to Partner in the Agreement are reserved by Outbrain.
5.
PROHIBITED ACTIVITY.
5.1. Partner will not: (i) minimize, remove or otherwise inhibit the full and complete display of the Technology; (ii) engage in any automated, deceptive, fraudulent, invalid, incentivized, or other methods that are designed to generate clicks which are not the willing actions of End Users; (v) remove, deface, obscure, or alter any notices of intellectual property rights included in the Technology; (vi) access, reproduce or use the Technology in any manner or for any purpose other than as expressly permitted under the Agreement; (vii) modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code from the Technology, or attempt to create a substitute or similar service or product through use of or access to Technology or related proprietary information; (viii) attempt to interfere with or disrupt the Technology or attempt to gain access to any systems or networks that connect to it other than through the Technology as implemented pursuant to the Agreement; (ix) copy, cache, distribute, display, alter, or otherwise use or use the Technology for any purpose not authorized by Outbrain.
5.2. Partner will not deploy the Technology on any properties that display or contain adult, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, libelous, infringing, abusive, fake or deceptive or illegal Content, that promotes hate or discrimination, facilitates the sale of firearms or illegal drugs, or that participates or encourages participation in, illegal activities or is directed at children under of the age of 16. Outbrain reserves the right in its sole discretion to disable the Technology on any property at any time.
5.3. Except as expressly and unambiguously authorized under the Agreement, Partner will not copy, rent, lease, sell, transfer, assign, sublicense, disassemble, reverse engineer or decompile (except to the limited extent expressly authorized by applicable statutory law), modify or alter any part of the Technology or otherwise use the Technology on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party.
6.
REGISTRATION.
To the extent that Partner has access to the Outbrain dashboard, Outbrain may collect Partner’s (or individuals who act on behalf of Partner) personally identifiable information. Partner will be solely responsible for all changes to data made by it, or individuals acting on Partner’s behalf, through the Outbrain dashboard. Information displayed in the Outbrain dashboard is provided solely for the Partner’s convenience and are estimates only.
7.
SUSPENSION OF TECHNOLOGY; TERMINATION.
7.1. Outbrain may suspend or discontinue all or any aspect of the Technology, including its availability, at any time if required by exigent circumstances (such as a significant security breach, propagation of malware, other viruses to users, etc.) or other improper, unlawful, fraudulent or misleading circumstances.
7.2. Either party may terminate the Agreement at any time in the event of a material breach by the other party of any provision of the Agreement that remains uncured for fourteen (14) days after the breaching party’s receipt of written notice of the breach.
7.3. The Agreement is terminable on fourteen (14) days prior written notice unless otherwise stated on the Order Form. In addition, Outbrain may terminate the Agreement on prior written notice if the Technology is not implemented within thirty (30) days of Outbrain sending the Technology to Partner. Upon expiration or termination of the Agreement, all rights and obligations of the parties under the Agreement will be extinguished, except which by their very their nature should survive termination, and continue to bind the parties.
8.
LIMITED WARRANTIES; INDEMNITY.
8.1. Each party represents and warrants to the other that: (i) it has all right, power, and authority necessary to enter into the Agreement and perform its obligations under it; and (ii) it will comply with all applicable laws, regulations and orders in its performance of the Agreement.
8.2. Outbrain warrants that the Technology (as provided and made available by Outbrain and implemented by Partner in accordance with the Agreement does not and will not, to the best of Outbrain's knowledge, infringe any Intellectual Property Right of any third party.
8.3. Partner represents and warrants that the Partner Sites do not and will not contain any Content that is: (i) illegal; (ii) infringes any Intellectual Property Right of any third party; (iii) is obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous material or material that violates any person’s right of publicity, privacy or personality; or (iv) knowingly contains a misrepresentation of fact or factual inaccuracy.
8.4. Except as expressly provided in the Agreement, neither party makes any representations or warranties, express or implied in relation to the Agreement, the Partner Sites, the Technology or any other matters (including any implied terms relating to satisfactory quality or fitness for any purpose, any warranties of availability or uninterrupted or error free performance, any warranties arising out of any course of performance or dealing).
8.5. Each party (the “
Indemnifying Party
”) shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other party and its parent and affiliates, and each of its and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, members, authorized representatives, employees and agents (collectively, the “Indemnified Party”) from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, settlements, regulatory findings and/or fines and other expenses (including reasonable legal fees) (collectively, “
Claims
”) that arise out of any third party claim occasioned by any breach or alleged breach of any of the Indemnifying Party’s representations and warranties under this Agreement. The Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Indemnifying Party of any Claim in writing, provided, however, that any delay in providing such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of any of its obligations except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is actually prejudiced by such delay. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the defense and settlement of the Claim with counsel of its own choosing and its own expense, subject to the Indemnifying Party’s control thereof
9.
CONFIDENTIALITY
. Each party (the “
Receiving Party
”) acknowledges that it will have access to certain information and materials, including the terms of the Agreement, concerning the business, technology, products and services of the other party (the “
Disclosing Party
”) that are, or reasonably should be considered given the circumstances of disclosure to be, confidential (“
Confidential Information
”). Confidential Information will not include: (a) information known to the Receiving Party prior to disclosure by the Disclosing Party; (b) information independently developed by the Receiving Party without reference to Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party; (c) information that is or becomes publicly known through no fault of the Receiving Party; or (d) information disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third party without breach of any obligation of confidence. Except as permitted hereunder, the Receiving Party (aa) will not use any Confidential Information for its own account or the account of any third party, and (bb) will not disclose any Confidential Information to any third party other than its directors, employees, contractors, advisors, investors or potential investors who have a need to know and who have agreed not to use, and to maintain the confidentiality of, the Confidential Information consistent with this Agreement. The Receiving Party will return or destroy the Confidential Information promptly upon the Disclosing Party’s written request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent required by applicable law or legal process, provided that the Receiving Party provides prompt written notice of any required disclosure to the Disclosing Party and provides reasonable cooperation (at the Disclosing Party’s expense) with any effort by the Disclosing Party to contest or limit the scope of such disclosure.
10.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
10.1. Neither Outbrain nor the Partner exclude or limit liability to the other for: (i) death or personal injury caused by its negligence or that of its employees or contractors; (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (iii) any other liability which cannot lawfully be excluded or limited.
10.2. NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF (INCLUDING FOR LOSS OF DATA OR COST OF COVER), WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE.
10.3. EXCEPT FOR A PARTY’S INDEMNIFICATION, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF (WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS ($100,000) OR THE AMOUNT OF FEES PAID OR PAYABLE TO OUTBRAIN IN THE 12-MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY (OR, IN THE CASE OF A SERIES OF CONNECTED EVENTS, THE FIRST SUCH EVENT).
11.
EXPORT CONTROLS
. Partner will comply with all export laws and restrictions and regulations of the Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control ("
OFAC
"), or other United States or foreign agency or authority, and shall not export, or allow the export or re-export of the Technology in violation of any such restrictions, laws or regulations. By downloading or using the Technology, Partner agrees to the foregoing and represent and warrants that it is not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any restricted country. Partner represents and warrants that none of it, or any individual, entity, or organization holding any ownership interest or controlling interest in Partner, including any officer or director, is an individual, entity, organization with whom any United States law, regulation, or executive order prohibits U.S. companies and individuals from dealing, including, names appearing on the Specially Designated Nationals List.
11.1.
MISCELLANEOUS
. The Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of law provisions or the United Nations Conventions for the International Sale of Goods. Any action or proceeding arising from or relating to the Agreement must be brought in a federal court in the Southern District of New York or in state court in New York County, New York, and each party irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction and venue of any such court in any such action or proceeding. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of the Agreement is not performed in accordance with these specific terms. Accordingly, the parties agree that each shall be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of the Agreement, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. The parties are independent contractors, and nothing in the Agreement will be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, agency or other relationship between the parties. No failure or forbearance by a party to enforce any of its rights under the Agreement or insist upon performance of the other party’s obligations under the Agreement will be deemed a waiver of such rights or obligations to any extent, and no waiver by either party of any default or breach of the Agreement will constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent default or breach. Neither party will be liable for any failure to perform due to causes beyond the party's reasonable control. The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning its subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings, written or oral, concerning such subject matter. The Order Form may be amended, modified or superseded, only by a written instrument signed by both parties. The headings in the Agreement are for the convenience of reference only and have no legal effect. The Agreement may be executed and delivered via electronic transmission or another means of complete and accurate reproduction, and copies of the Agreement delivered via such means will be deemed originals for all purposes. The Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. If any provision of the Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, failing which, it shall be severed from the Agreement and the balance of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. To be effective, notices under this Agreement must be sent by email to the parties mentioned in Section1 of the Order Form and if to Outbrain, Attn: Legal Department or if delivered by email to
legal@outbrain.com
. Neither party may assign the Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the other party’s prior written consent, except (i) due to operation of law, merger, reorganization, or as a result of an acquisition or change of control, and (ii) by Outbrain to its subsidiaries. Subject to the foregoing, the Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors and assigns.
Exhibit 1
Data Sharing Agreement
This Data Sharing Agreement (“
DSA
”) is entered into by the Outbrain entity (“
Outbrain
”) and the individual or company (the “
Partner
”) identified in the Order Form above and is governed by the terms of this Agreement (together, the “
Terms
”). From the Effective Date of the applicable Order Form, this DSA shall apply to any and all agreements between the parties and their Affiliates from time to time. Collectively, the Controller SCCs (as applicable), the DSA and the Terms (or information entered through the Outbrain dashboard) are referred to as the “
Agreement
”. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between any of the terms of the Agreement the following order of precedence shall prevail: (i) the Controller SCCs (as applicable); (ii) this DSA; and (iii) the Terms.
1.
DEFINITIONS.
Any capitalized terms not defined in this DSA shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Terms.
1.1. “
Affiliate(s)
” means in respect of either party at any time, any person or legal entity controlled by or controlling or under the common control of that party. Any reference to the parties shall include reference to their Affiliates;
1.2.
“CCPA”
means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and all other California privacy laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant public authority applicable from time to time to Outbrain or Partner relating to the processing of Personal Information and the privacy of electronic communications, as amended or superseded by any federal, state or national law, regulation or regulatory guidance;
1.3. “
Controller SCCs
” means the standard data protection clauses “MODULE ONE: Transfer controller to controller” in accordance with article 46 2. (c) GDPR adopted by the European Commission on 4 June 2021 (Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914) (as amended or superseded), containing contractual obligations on the Data Exporter and the Data Importer, and rights for EEA Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred, as amended or superseded from time to time by the European Commission;
1.4. “
Data Protection Laws
” means all laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant public authority applicable from time to time to Outbrain or Partner relating to the processing of Personal Data and the privacy of electronic communications, including the CCPA and EU Data Protection Laws;
1.5. “
EEA
” means the European Economic Area;
1.6. “
End Users
” shall have the same meaning as given to this term under the Terms, and, for the purpose of this DSA, are Data Subjects or Consumers;
1.7. "
EU Data Protection Laws
" means all laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant Supervisory Authority (including, in the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”)) applicable from time to time to Outbrain or Partner relating to the processing of Personal Data and the privacy of electronic communications in the EEA and the UK as amended or superseded, especially (i) the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR) and the UK Data Protection Act 2018; (ii) the Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive 2002/58/EC (as updated by Directive 2009/136/EC) (ePrivacy Directive) and the UK Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (SI 2003 No. 2426) (PECR) as updated;
1.8. “
Outbrain User Data
” means Personal Data of an End User which Outbrain collects directly on Partner Sites and/or indirectly via third-party partners who connect Outbrain with Partner Sites and may include, but not be limited to: bid request unique identifier, Outbrain unique identifier, IP address, user agent data, browser and device type (desktop/mobile, brand, model, operating system and system version), application version, application ID or package name), device advertising identifiers, pages, content visited and events, time of visit, broad location, device time zone;
1.9. “
UK Adequacy Decision
” means the Commission Implementing Decision of 28 June 2021 on the adequate protection of Personal Data by the United Kingdom in accordance with article 45 GDPR;
1.10. "
Controller
", “
Joint Controller
”, "
Processor
", “
Data Protection Impact Assessment
”, "
Data
Subject
", “
Personal Data Breach
”, "
Special Categories of Personal Data
" and “
Supervisory Authority
” shall have the meanings given in EU Data Protection Laws;
1.11. “
sale
”
(including the terms “sell,” “selling,” “sold,” and other variations thereof, including renting, disclosing, releasing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration), “
Consumer
”,
“Business
”, “
Security Incident
”
and
“
Service Provider
”
shall have the meanings given to those terms under the CCPA; and
1.12. “
Personal Data
” (and any variation thereof, including “Personal Information” under the CCPA) and “
process
”(including “processing”), shall have the meaning given under the applicable Data Protection Laws.
2.
PURPOSE OF PROCESSING
.
The parties collect and process Personal Data for the purposes of delivering the Technology to End Users.
Outbrain processes Outbrain User Data for the following purposes: (i) storing and/or accessing information on a device; (ii) selecting basic ads; (iii) creating a personalized ads profile; (iv) selecting personalized ads; (v) creating a personalized content profile; (vi) selecting personalized content; (vii) measuring ad performance; (viii) measuring content performance; (ix) applying market research to generate audience insights; (x) developing and improving products; (xi) ensuring security, preventing fraud and debugging; and (xii) technically delivering ads or content
3.
CCPA AND EU DATA PROTECTION LAWS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS.
3.1. Specific provisions applicable to CCPA are located in
Sections 4.2, 5.2 (iv)
and
6.4
.
3.2. Specific provision applicable to EU Data protection Laws are located in
Sections 4.3, 5.2 (ii), 6.4 and 11
.
4.
ROLE OF PARTIES.
4.1. Each party shall comply with all relevant provisions of Data Protection Laws as it applies to matters under the Agreement and ensure that they process Personal Data fairly and lawfully in accordance with Data Protection Laws as applicable in the provision and receipt of the Technology.
4.2. Insofar as the CCPA is applicable to the Technology, Outbrain and Partner will be considered independent Businesses under the CCPA for the collection, processing and selling of any Personal Information, and Outbrain shall not be considered a Service Provider on anyone’s behalf.
4.3. Insofar as EU Data Protection Laws are applicable to the Technology, the parties shall be deemed Joint Controllers under Article 26 GDPR solely with regards to the collection of Outbrain User Data through the implementation of the Technology on Partner Sites, and the parties shall be deemed independent Controllers for any further processing activity.
4.4. Each party shall remain solely and exclusively responsible for determining the means and purposes of processing for its respective processing activities.
5.
PARTNER’S OBLIGATIONS.
5.1. Partner is responsible for implementing the Technology on Partner Sites in accordance with Outbrain’s instructions, the Agreement and Data Protection Laws.
5.2. Partner shall:
5.2.1. disclose, via an appropriate privacy notice, Outbrain to End Users as a Business or Controller collecting Personal Data for the purposes of delivering the Technology;
5.2.2. collect End Users’ consent choices via a consent management platform using the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework v2.0 (the most recent version or successor thereto) and pass Outbrain valid “consent”/”no consent” strings. The Partner must not, at any time, send Outbrain “null” or “invalid” signals;
5.2.3. provide a user choice mechanism such as the opt out page(s) of the
Network Advertising Initiative
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance
or the
European Digital Advertising Alliance
, as applicable; and
5.2.4. insofar as the CCPA is applicable to the Technology, Partner shall collect End Users’ “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” choices via a consent management platform using the IAB CCPA Framework (the most recent version or successor thereto) and pass Outbrain valid “yes”/”no” strings.
5.3. Partner shall at all times satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for the processing of Personal Data. In any event, where an End User opted out or withdrew their consent to personalized advertising and/or the sharing their Personal Data with Outbrain through a mechanism alerting only the Partner (instead of Outbrain), such as device settings, Partner must not share such Personal Data with Outbrain.
6.
OUTBRAIN’S OBLIGATIONS.
6.1. Outbrain shall disclose, via an appropriate privacy notice, all information relating to processing activities where the Personal Data is collected directly from the End User or where such Personal Data is collected via third parties, as required under Data Protection Laws. This information is available on
Outbrain’s Privacy Policy
.
6.2. Outbrain shall at all times satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for the processing of Outbrain User Data.
6.3. Outbrain shall comply with requests from End Users to exercise their rights under relevant Data Protection Laws, without undue delay and within the required time limits. Requests relating to right to access, erasure, withdrawing consent, objecting to profiling, or ”Do Not Sell My Personal Information” can be exercised directly on
Outbrain Interest Profile
.
6.4. To the extent that Outbrain receives and interprets consent strings or “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” strings as per
Section 5.2
, Outbrain is doing so in order to abide by an End User’s choice and shall not be deemed to be a Processor or Service Provider on anyone's behalf.
7.
COOPERATION.
7.1. Each party shall develop, implement, and regularly review procedures to ensure they meet their respective obligations under Data Protection Laws.
7.2. Each party shall immediately inform the other party if any activity pursuant to the Agreement infringes any part of Data Protection Laws, and the parties shall review such activity accordingly. If during the term, Data Protection Laws change in a way that this DSA is no longer adequate for performing the processing activities necessary to the Terms, the parties agree to promptly negotiate in good faith to review this DSA in light of such changes.
7.3. In the event that either party receives any correspondence, enquiry or complaint from an End User, Supervisory Authority or any other third party related to the disclosure or processing of Personal Data pursuant to this DSA, or requests information from the other party when performing a Data Protection Impact Assessment, it shall promptly inform the other party giving full details of the same, and the other party shall provide such assistance as reasonably required (at each party’s sole cost and expense) and in good faith in order to respond in accordance with any requirements under Data Protection Laws.
8.
DATA SECURITY.
8.1. Each party shall implement and maintain such appropriate technical and organizational measures as required by Data Protection Laws to ensure that the Personal Data is processed in a secure manner, including (but not limited to) (i) the pseudonymization and encryption of Personal Data; (ii) ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of the services provided under the Agreement, including the ability to restore availability of, and access to, Personal Data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident; (iii) a process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures for ensuring the security of the processing; and (iv) regularly carrying information security risk assessments that take account of risk of accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Data.
8.2. An overview of Outbrain’s appropriate technical and organizational security measures are described on
Outbrain’s Security page
.
8.3. Upon becoming aware of a suspected or confirmed Personal Data Breach or Security Incident involving Outbrain User Data collected pursuant to this DSA, each party shall notify the other party without any undue delay, and provide such assistance as reasonably required to allow the other party to comply with its respective obligations under Data Protection Laws.
9.
PERSONNEL.
Each party shall be responsible for ensuring that staff members are appropriately trained to handle and process the Personal Data in accordance with their internal technical and organizational security measures, where relevant, together with Data Protection Laws, and have entered into confidentiality agreements relating to the processing of Personal Data.
10.
PROCESSORS – SERVICE PROVIDERS.
Each party shall remain independently responsible for appointing its respective Processors and/or Service Providers in accordance with Data Protection Laws.
11.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS.
11.1. Insofar as Personal Data is collected from End Users located within the territory of the EEA or the UK by either party during the course of the Agreement, neither party shall process any Personal Data (nor permit any Personal Data to be processed) in a country outside of the EEA or the UK unless: (i) that country has been designated by the European Commission or the ICO (as applicable) as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Data; or (ii) it has taken such measures as necessary to ensure the transfer is compliant with EU Data Protection Laws.
11.2. The parties agree that for the purposes of any transfer of Personal Data from Partner to Outbrain collected within the EEA to the UK, the requirements of the clause above shall be fully satisfied by the UK Adequacy Decision.
11.3. Outbrain shall be responsible for the onward transfer of Personal Data from the UK to any third party country outside of the EEA as required by (a) the UK Adequacy Decision and/or (b) EU Data Protection Laws, as applicable.
11.4. Within its Affiliates, Outbrain has entered into adequate intragroup data sharing agreements including supplementary measures complying with all requirements of EU Data Protection Laws, which consist of (i) encryption in transit; (ii) pseudonymization; and (iii) not having received any legally binding request from a public authority, including judicial authorities, under the laws of the country of destination and not being aware of any direct access by public authorities.
11.5. In the event that the UK Adequacy Decision as the lawful ground for international transfers from the EEA to third party countries is no longer applicable, the parties agree that the Controller SCCs shall be incorporated by reference into this DSA and shall govern any international transfer of Personal Data outside of the EEA. For the purpose of the Controller SCCs, the parties fully agree that:
11.5.1. Partner is the "Data Exporter" and Outbrain, the "Data Importer";
11.5.2. Clause 7 “Docking clause” is deleted;
11.5.3. The OPTION under Clause 11 “Redress” is deleted;
11.5.4. Clause 17 “Governing Law” is completed with “Republic of Ireland”
11.5.5. Clause 18 (b) “Choice of forum and jurisdiction” is completed with “Dublin, Republic of Ireland”;
11.5.6. Annex I to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed with Annex I to this DSA; and
11.5.7. Annex II to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed by
Outbrain’s Security page
.
12.
TERM AND TERMINATION.
This DSA shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue as long as the Partner uses the Technology.
13.
DATA RETENTION.
Outbrain shall not retain any individual data point collected in relation to the Technology for longer than 13 months, unless it constitutes anonymous data.
14.
MISCELLANEOUS.
14.1. Neither party shall be in breach of this DSA nor liable for delay in performing, or failure to perform, any of its obligations under the Agreement if such delay or failure results from events, circumstances or causes beyond its reasonable control.
14.2. Failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy under this DSA shall not constitute a waiver of such (or any other) right or remedy under this DSA, the Agreement or Data Protection Laws.
14.3. Partner shall not assign or otherwise transfer its rights or its obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Outbrain.
14.4. Except as expressly stated otherwise and to the extent applicable under Data Protection Laws, nothing in this DSA shall create or confer any rights or other benefits in favor of any person other than a party to this DSA.
14.5. The invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of any term of this DSA shall not affect the remainder of the DSA.
14.6. This DSA shall be governed by the laws specified in the applicable Agreement.
ANNEX I
Description of Processing Activities
This Annex forms part of the DSA and describes the processing of Personal Data by Outbrain. When Section 11.5 of the DSA applies, Annex I to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed with this Annex.
A. LIST OF PARTIES
Data Exporter:
Partner name, address and contact details as stated in the Order Form.
Activities relevant to the data transferred: Digital services or media delivered through a website or mobile application on which Partner has ownership and control.
Joint Controller (collection) and independent Controller (any other processing).
Data Importer:
Outbrain with address and contact details as stated in the Order Form.
Activities relevant to the data transferred: Digital advertising services.
Joint Controller (collection) and independent Controller (any other processing).
B. DESCRIPTION OF TRANSFER
Categories of Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred:
End Users (Data Subjects who visit or use Partner Sites or interact with Outbrain on the Partner Sites(s)).
Categories of Personal Data transferred:
Bid request unique identifier
Outbrain unique identifier
IP address
User Agent data, browser and device type (desktop/mobile, brand, model, operating system and system version), application version, application ID or package name)
Device advertising identifiers
Pages, content visited and events
Time of visit
Broad location
Device time zone
Sensitive data transferred:
No Special Categories of Personal Data are transferred.
Frequency of the transfer:
Real time,
continuous basis.
Nature of the processing:
Receiving data, including collection, accessing, retrieval, recording, and data entry;
Holding data, including storage, organization and structuring;
Using data, including analyzing, consultation, testing, automated decision making and profiling;
Updating data, including correcting, adaptation, alteration, alignment and combination;
Protecting data, including restricting, encrypting, and security testing;
Sharing data, including disclosure, dissemination, allowing access or otherwise making available;
Returning data to the Data Exporter or Data Subject;
Erasing data, including destruction and deletion.
Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further processing:
Digital advertising services, which include:
Storing and/or accessing information on a device;
Selecting basic ads;
Creating a personalized ads profile;
Selecting personalized ads;
Creating a personalized content profile;
Selecting personalized content;
Measuring ad performance;
Measuring content performance;
Applying market research to generate audience insights;
Developing and improving products;
Ensuring security, preventing fraud and debugging; and
Technically delivering ads or content.
Retention period:
An individual data point is retained for no longer than
13 months.
Recipients:
The subject matter, nature and duration can be found on the
Outbrain Trusted Partners page
.
C. COMPETENT SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
In the UK: The Information Commissioner’s Office.
In the EEA: The Supervisory Authority of the Member State of the Partner’s Registered Address as stated in the Agreement, or, if not applicable, the Supervisory Authority of the Member State in which the Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred under this Agreement in relation to the Technology are located.
Effective December 6th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
TECHNOLOGY LICENSE AGREEMENT
This Technology License Agreement (the “
Terms
”) is entered into on the Effective Date by and between the Outbrain entity and Partner identified in the Order Form. Outbrain and Partner may collectively be referred to herein as the Parties and each individually as a Party. These Terms shall apply to any and all agreements between the parties and their Affiliates from time to time.
1.
DEFINITIONS
1.1. “
Content
” means graphical, textual, and/or auditory content (which may include text, data, information, photos, images, graphics, audio, video or other content).
1.2. "
Data
" means all data collected or generated by Outbrain through the Technology, including any reports or other data made available to Partner in connection with the Agreement.
1.3. “
End Users
” means the viewer of a web page, application or platform on which the Technology is implemented;
1.4.
“Partner Sites”
means the web properties, applications or platforms identified in the Order Form, together with any additional properties on which Partner elects to implement the Technology upon prior written approval from Outbrain (e-mail will suffice) and on which Partner has ownership and control.
1.5. "
Technology
" means the Javascript, API, SDK and/or associated protocols provided by Outbrain to Partner.
1.6. “
Updates
” means updates, modifications or improvements to the Technology from time to time in Outbrain’s sole discretion, including, but not limited to, adding Ads.txt lines and any other similar industry standards.
2.
TECHNOLOGY, PLACEMENT AND APPEARANCE.
2.1. Outbrain owns and operates the Technology (the “
Technology
”). Partner shall implement the Technology pursuant to Outbrain’s technical instructions, including any implementation guides made available by Outbrain, as revised from time to time. Outbrain, in its sole discretion, may determine which of Outbrain’s available Technology (e.g., JS, API, SDK or any other equivalent technology) shall be used in each Partner implementation.
2.2. Partner shall display the Technology throughout the Term in accordance with all self-regulatory codes and applicable laws and regulations, including with respect to disclosing the source or nature of the Technology.
2.3. to time. If Outbrain requests Partner to implement any such Updates, Partner shall make such Updates within thirty (30) days of receipt of same from Outbrain; provided, that if Outbrain requests Partner to implement any Updates that Partner can demonstrate would materially and adversely affect the performance of the Partner Sites, Outbrain may either address Partner’s concerns to its reasonable satisfaction or agree not to require Partner to implement such Updates.
2.4. Outbrain may test changes to the Technology and, based on the results of such testing, Outbrain may make optimizations to the Technology if such optimizations may result in increased click through rates and/or conversions on the Partner Sites (as calculated by Outbrain in its sole discretion). To the extent that Partner uses the API and thus controls any testing, Partner shall comply with such testing requests on at least a quarterly basis.
3.
FEES AND PAYMENT TERMS.
3.1. During the Term, the Partner will pay fees set out in the Order Form (collectively, the “
Fees
”) without withholding or set off.
3.2. If any fees or payments due to Outbrain pursuant to this Agreement are not paid by Partner by the due date thereof, Partner shall pay to Outbrain interest on such unpaid amounts from the due date until the date payment is received in full by Outbrain at a rate equal to three (3%) per month or, if lower, the maximum percentage permitted by applicable law. In addition, all collection expenses, including, without limitation, legal fees, incurred by Outbrain with regards to the collection of a delayed payment or as a result of a delayed payment shall be borne by the Partner.
3.3. Partner shall pay Outbrain within thirty (30) days from receipt of Outbrain’s invoice.
3.4.
Taxes
: Partner shall be responsible for the payment of all applicable tax impositions, fees, or other charges that arise in any jurisdiction (including, without limitation, export and value-added taxes) under this technology license Agreement, except those taxes related to our income, property, franchise, or employees and excise. If Outbrain is found to have a legal obligation to pay or collect taxes for which Partner is responsible under the technology license Agreement, the appropriate amount will be invoiced and paid by Partner unless Partner provides a valid VAT and/or other tax ID number.
4.
LICENSE TERMS.
4.1. Subject to Partner’s full compliance with all of the terms of the Agreement, Outbrain grants Partner a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-sublicensable, non- transferable license to use the Technology to on Partner Sites ((the “
License
”).
4.2. Outbrain grants Partner, during the Term, a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use and display Outbrain’s trademarks, service marks and logos (collectively, “
Outbrain Marks
”), as incorporated into the Technology, strictly in accordance with Partner’s obligations and rights in the Agreement. All goodwill arising out of Partner’s use of any of the Outbrain Marks shall inure solely to the benefit of Outbrain. Outbrain shall have the right to refer to Partner and the Partner Sites in any general listing of advertisers or partners (including in marketing and sales materials) who have implemented the Technology. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party will request prior written consent before issuing a press release regarding the Agreement or using the other party’s name on its website other than in accordance with the Agreement.
4.3. Outbrain retains all right, title and interest in and to the Outbrain Marks, Technology and Data (excluding any Content from the Partner Sites which shall be owned by Partner); and (b) Partner retains all right, title and interest in and to the Partner Sites including the look and feel, excluding the items described in subparagraph (a) above, (including without limitation all intellectual property rights in them).
4.4. The licenses granted under the Agreement are specifically set forth in the Agreement; there are no implied rights. All rights not expressly granted to Partner in the Agreement are reserved by Outbrain.
5.
PROHIBITED ACTIVITY.
5.1. Partner will not: (i) minimize, remove or otherwise inhibit the full and complete display of the Technology; (ii) engage in any automated, deceptive, fraudulent, invalid, incentivized, or other methods that are designed to generate clicks which are not the willing actions of End Users; (v) remove, deface, obscure, or alter any notices of intellectual property rights included in the Technology; (vi) access, reproduce or use the Technology in any manner or for any purpose other than as expressly permitted under the Agreement; (vii) modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code from the Technology, or attempt to create a substitute or similar service or product through use of or access to Technology or related proprietary information; (viii) attempt to interfere with or disrupt the Technology or attempt to gain access to any systems or networks that connect to it other than through the Technology as implemented pursuant to the Agreement; (ix) copy, cache, distribute, display, alter, or otherwise use or use the Technology for any purpose not authorized by Outbrain.
5.2. Partner will not deploy the Technology on any properties that display or contain adult, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, libelous, infringing, abusive, fake or deceptive or illegal Content, that promotes hate or discrimination, facilitates the sale of firearms or illegal drugs, or that participates or encourages participation in, illegal activities or is directed at children under of the age of 16. Outbrain reserves the right in its sole discretion to disable the Technology on any property at any time.
5.3. Except as expressly and unambiguously authorized under the Agreement, Partner will not copy, rent, lease, sell, transfer, assign, sublicense, disassemble, reverse engineer or decompile (except to the limited extent expressly authorized by applicable statutory law), modify or alter any part of the Technology or otherwise use the Technology on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party.
6.
REGISTRATION.
. To the extent that Partner has access to the Outbrain dashboard, Outbrain may collect Partner’s (or individuals who act on behalf of Partner) personally identifiable information. Partner will be solely responsible for all changes to data made by it, or individuals acting on Partner’s behalf, through the Outbrain dashboard. Information displayed in the Outbrain dashboard is provided solely for the Partner’s convenience and are estimates only.
7.
SUSPENSION OF TECHNOLOGY; TERMINATION.
7.1. Outbrain may suspend or discontinue all or any aspect of the Technology, including its availability, at any time if required by exigent circumstances (such as a significant security breach, propagation of malware, other viruses to users, etc.) or other improper, unlawful, fraudulent or misleading circumstances.
7.2. Either party may terminate the Agreement at any time in the event of a material breach by the other party of any provision of the Agreement that remains uncured for fourteen (14) days after the breaching party’s receipt of written notice of the breach.
7.3. The Agreement is terminable on fourteen (14) days prior written notice unless otherwise stated on the Order Form. In addition, Outbrain may terminate the Agreement on prior written notice if the Technology is not implemented within thirty (30) days of Outbrain sending the Technology to Partner. Upon expiration or termination of the Agreement, all rights and obligations of the parties under the Agreement will be extinguished, except which by their very their nature should survive termination, and continue to bind the parties.
8.
LIMITED WARRANTIES; INDEMNITY.
8.1. Each party represents and warrants to the other that: (i) it has all right, power, and authority necessary to enter into the Agreement and perform its obligations under it; and (ii) it will comply with all applicable laws, regulations and orders in its performance of the Agreement.
8.2. Outbrain warrants that the Technology (as provided and made available by Outbrain and implemented by Partner in accordance with the Agreement does not and will not, to the best of Outbrain's knowledge, infringe any Intellectual Property Right of any third party.
8.3. Partner represents and warrants that the Partner Sites do not and will not contain any Content that is: (i) illegal; (ii) infringes any Intellectual Property Right of any third party; (iii) is obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous material or material that violates any person’s right of publicity, privacy or personality; or (iv) knowingly contains a misrepresentation of fact or factual inaccuracy.
8.4. Except as expressly provided in the Agreement, neither party makes any representations or warranties, express or implied in relation to the Agreement, the Partner Sites, the Technology or any other matters (including any implied terms relating to satisfactory quality or fitness for any purpose, any warranties of availability or uninterrupted or error free performance, any warranties arising out of any course of performance or dealing).
8.5. Each party (the “
Indemnifying Party
”) shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other party and its parent and affiliates, and each of its and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, members, authorized representatives, employees and agents (collectively, the “Indemnified Party”) from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, settlements, regulatory findings and/or fines and other expenses (including reasonable legal fees) (collectively, “
Claims
”) that arise out of any third party claim occasioned by any breach or alleged breach of any of the Indemnifying Party’s representations and warranties under this Agreement. The Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Indemnifying Party of any Claim in writing, provided, however, that any delay in providing such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of any of its obligations except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is actually prejudiced by such delay. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the defense and settlement of the Claim with counsel of its own choosing and its own expense, subject to the Indemnifying Party’s control thereof
9.
CONFIDENTIALITY
. Each party (the “
Receiving Party
”) acknowledges that it will have access to certain information and materials, including the terms of the Agreement, concerning the business, technology, products and services of the other party (the “
Disclosing Party
”) that are, or reasonably should be considered given the circumstances of disclosure to be, confidential (“
Confidential Information
”). Confidential Information will not include: (a) information known to the Receiving Party prior to disclosure by the Disclosing Party; (b) information independently developed by the Receiving Party without reference to Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party; (c) information that is or becomes publicly known through no fault of the Receiving Party; or (d) information disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third party without breach of any obligation of confidence. Except as permitted hereunder, the Receiving Party (aa) will not use any Confidential Information for its own account or the account of any third party, and (bb) will not disclose any Confidential Information to any third party other than its directors, employees, contractors, advisors, investors or potential investors who have a need to know and who have agreed not to use, and to maintain the confidentiality of, the Confidential Information consistent with this Agreement. The Receiving Party will return or destroy the Confidential Information promptly upon the Disclosing Party’s written request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent required by applicable law or legal process, provided that the Receiving Party provides prompt written notice of any required disclosure to the Disclosing Party and provides reasonable cooperation (at the Disclosing Party’s expense) with any effort by the Disclosing Party to contest or limit the scope of such disclosure.
10.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
10.1. Neither Outbrain nor the Partner exclude or limit liability to the other for: (i) death or personal injury caused by its negligence or that of its employees or contractors; (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (iii) any other liability which cannot lawfully be excluded or limited.
10.2. NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF (INCLUDING FOR LOSS OF DATA OR COST OF COVER), WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE.
10.3. EXCEPT FOR A PARTY’S INDEMNIFICATION, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF (WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS ($100,000) OR THE AMOUNT OF FEES PAID OR PAYABLE TO OUTBRAIN IN THE 12-MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY (OR, IN THE CASE OF A SERIES OF CONNECTED EVENTS, THE FIRST SUCH EVENT).
11.
EXPORT CONTROLS
. Partner will comply with all export laws and restrictions and regulations of the Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control ("
OFAC
"), or other United States or foreign agency or authority, and shall not export, or allow the export or re-export of the Technology in violation of any such restrictions, laws or regulations. By downloading or using the Technology, Partner agrees to the foregoing and represent and warrants that it is not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any restricted country. Partner represents and warrants that none of it, or any individual, entity, or organization holding any ownership interest or controlling interest in Partner, including any officer or director, is an individual, entity, organization with whom any United States law, regulation, or executive order prohibits U.S. companies and individuals from dealing, including, names appearing on the Specially Designated Nationals List.
11.1.
MISCELLANEOUS
.
The Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of England and Wales, without regard to its conflict of law provisions or the United Nations Conventions for the International Sale of Goods. Any action or proceeding arising from or relating to the Agreement must be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of English courts.
The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of the Agreement is not performed in accordance with these specific terms. Accordingly, the parties agree that each shall be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of the Agreement, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. The parties are independent contractors, and nothing in the Agreement will be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, agency or other relationship between the parties. No failure or forbearance by a party to enforce any of its rights under the Agreement or insist upon performance of the other party’s obligations under the Agreement will be deemed a waiver of such rights or obligations to any extent, and no waiver by either party of any default or breach of the Agreement will constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent default or breach. Neither party will be liable for any failure to perform due to causes beyond the party's reasonable control. The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning its subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings, written or oral, concerning such subject matter. The Order Form may be amended, modified or superseded, only by a written instrument signed by both parties. The headings in the Agreement are for the convenience of reference only and have no legal effect. The Agreement may be executed and delivered via electronic transmission or another means of complete and accurate reproduction, and copies of the Agreement delivered via such means will be deemed originals for all purposes. The Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. If any provision of the Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, failing which, it shall be severed from the Agreement and the balance of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. To be effective, notices under this Agreement must be sent by email to the parties mentioned in Section1 of the Order Form and if to Outbrain, Attn: Legal Department or if delivered by email to
legal@outbrain.com
. Neither party may assign the Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the other party’s prior written consent, except (i) due to operation of law, merger, reorganization, or as a result of an acquisition or change of control, and (ii) by Outbrain to its subsidiaries. Subject to the foregoing, the Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors and assigns.
Exhibit 1
Data Sharing Agreement
This Data Sharing Agreement (“
DSA
”) is entered into by the Outbrain entity (“
Outbrain
”) and the individual or company (the “
Partner
”) identified in the Order Form above and is governed by the terms of this Agreement (together, the “
Terms
”). From the Effective Date of the applicable Order Form, this DSA shall apply to any and all agreements between the parties and their Affiliates from time to time. Collectively, the Controller SCCs (as applicable), the DSA and the Terms (or information entered through the Outbrain dashboard) are referred to as the “
Agreement
”. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between any of the terms of the Agreement the following order of precedence shall prevail: (i) the Controller SCCs (as applicable); (ii) this DSA; and (iii) the Terms.
1.
DEFINITIONS.
Any capitalized terms not defined in this DSA shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Terms.
1.1. “
Affiliate(s)
” means in respect of either party at any time, any person or legal entity controlled by or controlling or under the common control of that party. Any reference to the parties shall include reference to their Affiliates;
1.2.
“CCPA”
means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and all other California privacy laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant public authority applicable from time to time to Outbrain or Partner relating to the processing of Personal Information and the privacy of electronic communications, as amended or superseded by any federal, state or national law, regulation or regulatory guidance;
1.3. “
Controller SCCs
” means the standard data protection clauses “MODULE ONE: Transfer controller to controller” in accordance with article 46 2. (c) GDPR adopted by the European Commission on 4 June 2021 (Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914) (as amended or superseded), containing contractual obligations on the Data Exporter and the Data Importer, and rights for EEA Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred, as amended or superseded from time to time by the European Commission;
1.4. “
Data Protection Laws
” means all laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant public authority applicable from time to time to Outbrain or Partner relating to the processing of Personal Data and the privacy of electronic communications, including the CCPA and EU Data Protection Laws;
1.5. “
EEA
” means the European Economic Area;
1.6. “
End Users
” shall have the same meaning as given to this term under the Terms, and, for the purpose of this DSA, are Data Subjects or Consumers;
1.7. "
EU Data Protection Laws
" means all laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant Supervisory Authority (including, in the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”)) applicable from time to time to Outbrain or Partner relating to the processing of Personal Data and the privacy of electronic communications in the EEA and the UK as amended or superseded, especially (i) the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR) and the UK Data Protection Act 2018; (ii) the Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive 2002/58/EC (as updated by Directive 2009/136/EC) (ePrivacy Directive) and the UK Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (SI 2003 No. 2426) (PECR) as updated;
1.8. “
Outbrain User Data
” means Personal Data of an End User which Outbrain collects directly on Partner Sites and/or indirectly via third-party partners who connect Outbrain with Partner Sites and may include, but not be limited to: bid request unique identifier, Outbrain unique identifier, IP address, user agent data, browser and device type (desktop/mobile, brand, model, operating system and system version), application version, application ID or package name), device advertising identifiers, pages, content visited and events, time of visit, broad location, device time zone;
1.9. “
UK Adequacy Decision
” means the Commission Implementing Decision of 28 June 2021 on the adequate protection of Personal Data by the United Kingdom in accordance with article 45 GDPR;
1.10. "
Controller
", “
Joint Controller
”, "
Processor
", “
Data Protection Impact Assessment
”, "
Data
Subject
", “
Personal Data Breach
”, "
Special Categories of Personal Data
" and “
Supervisory Authority
” shall have the meanings given in EU Data Protection Laws;
1.11. “
sale
”
(including the terms “sell,” “selling,” “sold,” and other variations thereof, including renting, disclosing, releasing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration), “
Consumer
”,
“Business
”, “
Security Incident
”
and
“
Service Provider
”
shall have the meanings given to those terms under the CCPA; and
1.12. “
Personal Data
” (and any variation thereof, including “Personal Information” under the CCPA) and “
process
”(including “processing”), shall have the meaning given under the applicable Data Protection Laws.
2.
PURPOSE OF PROCESSING
.
The parties collect and process Personal Data for the purposes of delivering the Technology to End Users.
Outbrain processes Outbrain User Data for the following purposes: (i) storing and/or accessing information on a device; (ii) selecting basic ads; (iii) creating a personalized ads profile; (iv) selecting personalized ads; (v) creating a personalized content profile; (vi) selecting personalized content; (vii) measuring ad performance; (viii) measuring content performance; (ix) applying market research to generate audience insights; (x) developing and improving products; (xi) ensuring security, preventing fraud and debugging; and (xii) technically delivering ads or content
3.
CCPA AND EU DATA PROTECTION LAWS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS.
3.1. Specific provisions applicable to CCPA are located in
Sections 4.2, 5.2 (iv)
and
6.4
.
3.2. Specific provision applicable to EU Data protection Laws are located in
Sections 4.3, 5.2 (ii), 6.4 and 11
.
4.
ROLE OF PARTIES.
4.1. Each party shall comply with all relevant provisions of Data Protection Laws as it applies to matters under the Agreement and ensure that they process Personal Data fairly and lawfully in accordance with Data Protection Laws as applicable in the provision and receipt of the Technology.
4.2. Insofar as the CCPA is applicable to the Technology, Outbrain and Partner will be considered independent Businesses under the CCPA for the collection, processing and selling of any Personal Information, and Outbrain shall not be considered a Service Provider on anyone’s behalf.
4.3. Insofar as EU Data Protection Laws are applicable to the Technology, the parties shall be deemed Joint Controllers under Article 26 GDPR solely with regards to the collection of Outbrain User Data through the implementation of the Technology on Partner Sites, and the parties shall be deemed independent Controllers for any further processing activity.
4.4. Each party shall remain solely and exclusively responsible for determining the means and purposes of processing for its respective processing activities.
5.
PARTNER’S OBLIGATIONS.
5.1. Partner is responsible for implementing the Technology on Partner Sites in accordance with Outbrain’s instructions, the Agreement and Data Protection Laws.
5.2. Partner shall:
5.2.1. disclose, via an appropriate privacy notice, Outbrain to End Users as a Business or Controller collecting Personal Data for the purposes of delivering the Technology;
5.2.2. collect End Users’ consent choices via a consent management platform using the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework v2.0 (the most recent version or successor thereto) and pass Outbrain valid “consent”/”no consent” strings. The Partner must not, at any time, send Outbrain “null” or “invalid” signals;
5.2.3. provide a user choice mechanism such as the opt out page(s) of the
Network Advertising Initiative
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance
or the
European Digital Advertising Alliance
, as applicable; and
5.2.4. insofar as the CCPA is applicable to the Technology, Partner shall collect End Users’ “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” choices via a consent management platform using the IAB CCPA Framework (the most recent version or successor thereto) and pass Outbrain valid “yes”/”no” strings.
5.3. Partner shall at all times satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for the processing of Personal Data. In any event, where an End User opted out or withdrew their consent to personalized advertising and/or the sharing their Personal Data with Outbrain through a mechanism alerting only the Partner (instead of Outbrain), such as device settings, Partner must not share such Personal Data with Outbrain.
6.
OUTBRAIN’S OBLIGATIONS.
6.1. Outbrain shall disclose, via an appropriate privacy notice, all information relating to processing activities where the Personal Data is collected directly from the End User or where such Personal Data is collected via third parties, as required under Data Protection Laws. This information is available on
Outbrain’s Privacy Policy
.
6.2. Outbrain shall at all times satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for the processing of Outbrain User Data.
6.3. Outbrain shall comply with requests from End Users to exercise their rights under relevant Data Protection Laws, without undue delay and within the required time limits. Requests relating to right to access, erasure, withdrawing consent, objecting to profiling, or ”Do Not Sell My Personal Information” can be exercised directly on
Outbrain Interest Profile
.
6.4. To the extent that Outbrain receives and interprets consent strings or “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” strings as per
Section 5.2
, Outbrain is doing so in order to abide by an End User’s choice and shall not be deemed to be a Processor or Service Provider on anyone's behalf.
7.
COOPERATION.
7.1. Each party shall develop, implement, and regularly review procedures to ensure they meet their respective obligations under Data Protection Laws.
7.2. Each party shall immediately inform the other party if any activity pursuant to the Agreement infringes any part of Data Protection Laws, and the parties shall review such activity accordingly. If during the term, Data Protection Laws change in a way that this DSA is no longer adequate for performing the processing activities necessary to the Terms, the parties agree to promptly negotiate in good faith to review this DSA in light of such changes.
7.3. In the event that either party receives any correspondence, enquiry or complaint from an End User, Supervisory Authority or any other third party related to the disclosure or processing of Personal Data pursuant to this DSA, or requests information from the other party when performing a Data Protection Impact Assessment, it shall promptly inform the other party giving full details of the same, and the other party shall provide such assistance as reasonably required (at each party’s sole cost and expense) and in good faith in order to respond in accordance with any requirements under Data Protection Laws.
8.
DATA SECURITY.
8.1. Each party shall implement and maintain such appropriate technical and organizational measures as required by Data Protection Laws to ensure that the Personal Data is processed in a secure manner, including (but not limited to) (i) the pseudonymization and encryption of Personal Data; (ii) ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of the services provided under the Agreement, including the ability to restore availability of, and access to, Personal Data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident; (iii) a process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures for ensuring the security of the processing; and (iv) regularly carrying information security risk assessments that take account of risk of accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Data.
8.2. An overview of Outbrain’s appropriate technical and organizational security measures are described on
Outbrain’s Security page
.
8.3. Upon becoming aware of a suspected or confirmed Personal Data Breach or Security Incident involving Outbrain User Data collected pursuant to this DSA, each party shall notify the other party without any undue delay, and provide such assistance as reasonably required to allow the other party to comply with its respective obligations under Data Protection Laws.
9.
PERSONNEL.
Each party shall be responsible for ensuring that staff members are appropriately trained to handle and process the Personal Data in accordance with their internal technical and organizational security measures, where relevant, together with Data Protection Laws, and have entered into confidentiality agreements relating to the processing of Personal Data.
10.
PROCESSORS – SERVICE PROVIDERS.
Each party shall remain independently responsible for appointing its respective Processors and/or Service Providers in accordance with Data Protection Laws.
11.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS.
11.1. Insofar as Personal Data is collected from End Users located within the territory of the EEA or the UK by either party during the course of the Agreement, neither party shall process any Personal Data (nor permit any Personal Data to be processed) in a country outside of the EEA or the UK unless: (i) that country has been designated by the European Commission or the ICO (as applicable) as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Data; or (ii) it has taken such measures as necessary to ensure the transfer is compliant with EU Data Protection Laws.
11.2. The parties agree that for the purposes of any transfer of Personal Data from Partner to Outbrain collected within the EEA to the UK, the requirements of the clause above shall be fully satisfied by the UK Adequacy Decision.
11.3. Outbrain shall be responsible for the onward transfer of Personal Data from the UK to any third party country outside of the EEA as required by (a) the UK Adequacy Decision and/or (b) EU Data Protection Laws, as applicable.
11.4. Within its Affiliates, Outbrain has entered into adequate intragroup data sharing agreements including supplementary measures complying with all requirements of EU Data Protection Laws, which consist of (i) encryption in transit; (ii) pseudonymization; and (iii) not having received any legally binding request from a public authority, including judicial authorities, under the laws of the country of destination and not being aware of any direct access by public authorities.
11.5. In the event that the UK Adequacy Decision as the lawful ground for international transfers from the EEA to third party countries is no longer applicable, the parties agree that the Controller SCCs shall be incorporated by reference into this DSA and shall govern any international transfer of Personal Data outside of the EEA. For the purpose of the Controller SCCs, the parties fully agree that:
11.5.1. Partner is the "Data Exporter" and Outbrain, the "Data Importer";
11.5.2. Clause 7 “Docking clause” is deleted;
11.5.3. The OPTION under Clause 11 “Redress” is deleted;
11.5.4. Clause 17 “Governing Law” is completed with “Republic of Ireland”
11.5.5. Clause 18 (b) “Choice of forum and jurisdiction” is completed with “Dublin, Republic of Ireland”;
11.5.6. Annex I to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed with Annex I to this DSA; and
11.5.7. Annex II to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed by
Outbrain’s Security page
.
12.
TERM AND TERMINATION.
This DSA shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue as long as the Partner uses the Technology.
13.
DATA RETENTION.
Outbrain shall not retain any individual data point collected in relation to the Technology for longer than 13 months, unless it constitutes anonymous data.
14.
MISCELLANEOUS.
14.1. Neither party shall be in breach of this DSA nor liable for delay in performing, or failure to perform, any of its obligations under the Agreement if such delay or failure results from events, circumstances or causes beyond its reasonable control.
14.2. Failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy under this DSA shall not constitute a waiver of such (or any other) right or remedy under this DSA, the Agreement or Data Protection Laws.
14.3. Partner shall not assign or otherwise transfer its rights or its obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Outbrain.
14.4. Except as expressly stated otherwise and to the extent applicable under Data Protection Laws, nothing in this DSA shall create or confer any rights or other benefits in favor of any person other than a party to this DSA.
14.5. The invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of any term of this DSA shall not affect the remainder of the DSA.
14.6. This DSA shall be governed by the laws specified in the applicable Agreement.
ANNEX I
Description of Processing Activities
This Annex forms part of the DSA and describes the processing of Personal Data by Outbrain. When Section 11.5 of the DSA applies, Annex I to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed with this Annex.
A. LIST OF PARTIES
Data Exporter:
Partner name, address and contact details as stated in the Order Form.
Activities relevant to the data transferred: Digital services or media delivered through a website or mobile application on which Partner has ownership and control.
Joint Controller (collection) and independent Controller (any other processing).
Data Importer:
Outbrain with address and contact details as stated in the Order Form.
Activities relevant to the data transferred: Digital advertising services.
Joint Controller (collection) and independent Controller (any other processing).
B. DESCRIPTION OF TRANSFER
Categories of Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred:
End Users (Data Subjects who visit or use Partner Sites or interact with Outbrain on the Partner Sites(s)).
Categories of Personal Data transferred:
Bid request unique identifier
Outbrain unique identifier
IP address
User Agent data, browser and device type (desktop/mobile, brand, model, operating system and system version), application version, application ID or package name)
Device advertising identifiers
Pages, content visited and events
Time of visit
Broad location
Device time zone
Sensitive data transferred:
No Special Categories of Personal Data are transferred.
Frequency of the transfer:
Real time,
continuous basis.
Nature of the processing:
Receiving data, including collection, accessing, retrieval, recording, and data entry;
Holding data, including storage, organization and structuring;
Using data, including analyzing, consultation, testing, automated decision making and profiling;
Updating data, including correcting, adaptation, alteration, alignment and combination;
Protecting data, including restricting, encrypting, and security testing;
Sharing data, including disclosure, dissemination, allowing access or otherwise making available;
Returning data to the Data Exporter or Data Subject;
Erasing data, including destruction and deletion.
Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further processing:
Digital advertising services, which include:
Storing and/or accessing information on a device;
Selecting basic ads;
Creating a personalized ads profile;
Selecting personalized ads;
Creating a personalized content profile;
Selecting personalized content;
Measuring ad performance;
Measuring content performance;
Applying market research to generate audience insights;
Developing and improving products;
Ensuring security, preventing fraud and debugging; and
Technically delivering ads or content.
Retention period:
An individual data point is retained for no longer than
13 months.
Recipients:
The subject matter, nature and duration can be found on the
Outbrain Trusted Partners page
.
C. COMPETENT SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
In the UK: The Information Commissioner’s Office.
In the EEA: The Supervisory Authority of the Member State of the Partner’s Registered Address as stated in the Agreement, or, if not applicable, the Supervisory Authority of the Member State in which the Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred under this Agreement in relation to the Technology are located.
Effective May 19th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Last Updated:
17 February 2023
In accordance with Article 24(2)
Regulation (EU) 2022/2065 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 October 2022 on a Single Market for Digital Services and amending Directive 2000/31/EC (“Digital Services Act” or “DSA”)
,  online platforms are required to publish information on the average monthly active recipients of the service in the European Union (“EU”) every six months starting from 17 February 2023.
The number of monthly active recipients of the services provided by Outbrain (individuals who interact with ads served by Outbrain on publisher sites) in the European Union according to Article 24 (2) DSA, on average during the period from 1st August 2022 to 31st January 2023 was over 45 millions per month.
This figure is only accurate to a certain degree as it is subject to several technical restrictions:
Absence of unified user accounts and of cross-device tracking: Outbrain will have as many user profiles as an individual uses different devices and browsers.
Context-based advertising: Outbrain will only display context-based advertising to non-consented users and no data will be collected for delivering those recommendations.
Third-party and cross-site tracking cookies limitations: users may have multiple user profiles for each website they visit where Outbrain's technology is implemented, even if those users are browsing from the same browser and device.
We have performed our calculation to the best of our knowledge based on the current information available from relevant regulators. This figure may be subject to uncertainty related to the exact methodology to be retained by regulators, as well as technical constraints.
Outbrain will update this information on a regular basis in accordance with Article 24 (2) DSA.
This information is being provided solely for purposes of complying with Article 24(2) of DSA and should not be used for any other purposes.
Effective April 24th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Effective Date:
February 23, 2023
These terms were last revised as of the effective date set forth above. Outbrain reserves the right to change these terms from time to time.
Amplify Terms and Conditions
These Amplify Terms and Conditions (“
Terms
”) are entered into by Outbrain UK Limited (“
Outbrain
”) and the entity executing an Insertion Order or using the Outbrain dashboard (“
Customer
”). These Terms govern Customer’s use of the Outbrain service, and together with an Insertion Order (or the information entered through the Outbrain dashboard (“
Dashboard
”) comprise the "
Agreement
" between Outbrain and Customer. If there is any inconsistency between: (i) the terms of a signed Insertion Order or those entered through the Dashboard (either “
Campaign Details
”) and (ii) these Terms, the Campaign Details as applicable, shall prevail.
1. Services
1.1 Outbrain partners with a network of online properties (the “
Network
”) and displays a user interface containing links that navigate to websites (the “
Service
”). Outbrain uses its proprietary algorithms to determine what links appear within the Service on the Network.
1.2 Outbrain shall display links to graphical, textual, video and/or auditory content selected by Customer (the links and the content accessed from the link together are the “
Content
”) on the Network through the Service. Outbrain shall continue to distribute the Content on the Network until the earlier of: (i) the end date of Customer’s campaign; (ii) the reaching of Customer’s budget; or (iii) the disabling of a campaign (provided that Outbrain reserves the right to charge for additional Actions (as defined in 5.1) as the Content is removed from circulation – see
FAQs
for more details).
1.3 Outbrain does not guarantee: (i) the placement, positioning or the timing of delivery of any Content; (ii) clicks or impressions (including clicks from a particular audience segment); or (iii) conversions. If Fees (as defined in Section 5) do not reach Customer’s budget, Customer's sole remedies shall be to: (i) subject to Section 2 below, extend the end date of the applicable campaign; (ii) replace or add to the existing Content with other Content to complete the campaign; or (iii) to pay only for accrued Fees on the Content. In no event shall Outbrain be liable for failure to deliver traffic to Content.
1.4 Outbrain will make reports available to Customer regarding the campaign(s). The final monthly reports (which may differ from the daily reports) will provide the conclusive basis for Outbrain's calculation of the fees owed by Customer. Customer may submit its own Outbrain-compatible tracker. If there is a ten percent (10%) discrepancy or more between Customer's numbers (based on an Outbrain-compatible tracker) and Outbrain's numbers then the parties agree to work in good faith to identify the correct amount to be paid to Outbrain. If the discrepancy is less than ten percent (10%), Outbrain's numbers shall be conclusive.
2. Content
2.1 Customer has the right and authorises Outbrain to place the Content on the Network and is solely responsible for determining the propriety and legality of the Content. In addition, Content selected by Customer must comply with Outbrain's
Advertising Guidelines
, as may be updated from time to time by Outbrain. Outbrain may at any time (at its sole discretion) reject or remove Content. Customer acknowledges that Outbrain is not responsible for the Content and that the Content may change during the course of a campaign due to revisions by the Content's author, comments from readers, or otherwise. Customer's recourse in the event of such change shall be to direct Outbrain to remove such Content from its then-current campaign and/or select other Content. Customer further acknowledges that, if there is an objection to the Content (whether from the Content author or publisher, or otherwise) Outbrain will act in accordance with Section 2 of its
Term of Use
and may cease (at its sole discretion) including the Content in the Service.
2.2 Customer represents and warrants that: (i) if the Content was written by or under the direction of Customer or paid for by Customer, that fact shall be clearly disclosed on or near the Content; (ii) it is authorised to use and/or has approved all words of the Content’s headline (whether written by Customer or on Customer’s behalf); and (iii) Content headlines accurately reflect the tone and subject matter of the Content and, (iv) it is authorized to use and/or has approved any image(s) related to its campaign(s) with Outbrain.
2.3 Customer shall not, directly or indirectly, provide Content that: (i) is obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous, pornographic, violent, profane, indecent or unlawful; (ii) is factually inaccurate, misleading or deceptive; and/or (iii) facilitates or promotes any type of illegal activity, including without limitation pyramid schemes, gambling, the sale or use of illicit drugs, or discrimination or harassment of any individual or group. Further, each piece of Customer Content shall neither (a) redirect to a destination other than as originally submitted to the Service, and/or (b) be substantively different from the Content originally submitted to the Service.
2.4 Both parties shall implement anti-malware scanning processes of the Content. Upon notice, both parties shall take immediate action to remove any suspicious Content from the Network.
3. Term and Cancellation
The Campaign Details will set forth the start and end date of a particular campaign. However, the Agreement, or an individual campaign may be suspended or terminated: (i) by Customer for any reason upon two (2) business days' written notice to Outbrain or within twelve (12) hours through the Dashboard; or (ii) by Outbrain for any reason upon two (2) days’ written notice to Customer. During the notice period, all previously contracted campaigns shall continue to run pursuant to the Campaign Details and Customer shall be responsible for paying Outbrain for all Fees accrued up to and including the last day of such notice period. Outbrain also reserves the right to suspend or terminate all or part of Customer's use of the Service if Outbrain (at Outbrain’s discretion) reasonably believes Customer is in breach of the terms of this Agreement.
4. Campaign Details
If Customer utilizes Outbrain’s Dashboard, Customer will have access to certain online reports and control over its campaign(s). To the extent Customer registers and has access to the Dashboard, Outbrain may collect certain personal data of Customer. Outbrain collects and processes this personal data in order to respond to Customer questions or requests, provide Customer’s with access to certain services, verify Customer’s identity and communicate with Customers about the use of the Service. Customer is solely responsible for all changes requested or approved (either directly or via Outbrain’s API) including those made through the Dashboard using its login. Customer is solely responsible for protecting its login and password to the Dashboard. Customer can manage campaigns using the Dashboard by modifying the Campaign Details and/or Customer may have the option of working with an Outbrain account manager, as determined by Outbrain.
5. Fees and Payment Terms
5.1 “
Fees
” are based on deliverables sold via one of following methods: (i) cost-per-click (“
CPC
”); (ii) cost-per thousand impressions (“
CPM
”); (iii) cost-per-completed view (“
CPCv
”) where completed view means fifty percent (50%) of the video Ad/Content is in view continuously from beginning to the end of video; and/or (iv) cost-per thousand Viewable Impressions (“
vCPM
”);  or (v) other desired actions agreed between the parties from time to time (each, an “Action”). A viewable impression is counted as viewable if fifty percent (50%) of the video ad is in view continuously for 2 seconds. Customer shall pay Outbrain Fees for Customer Content delivered via the Network as measured by Outbrain's tracking system. Outbrain may charge any applicable national, state, or local sales or use taxes, value added taxes or country-specific fees that Outbrain is legally obligated to charge. If CPC is being used for campaign measurement, such CPC may not be less than Outbrain’s then-in-effect minimum CPC (which may vary by market). If Customer is utilizing Outbrain’s automatic bidding feature, Customer grants Outbrain the right to set and modify Customer’s CPC at Outbrain’s discretion to aid in achieving Customer’s targets for its campaign. Customer shall be solely responsible for any additional fees incurred for utilizing third party ad serving on its campaign(s). For the avoidance of doubt, Outbrain will not cover, credit or reimburse any third party fees, including, but not limited to, use of any third-party tracker(s) on Customer’s campaign(s). Customer may increase or decrease its budget through the Dashboard or through a signed amendment to an Insertion Order.
5.2 If Customer has signed an Insertion Order, Fees will generally be invoiced by Outbrain to Customer by the end of the following calendar month, unless otherwise set forth in an IO. Customer shall pay all invoices within thirty (30) days from receipt. Any portion of a charge not disputed in good faith must be paid in full. If Customer has provided the Campaign Details through the Dashboard or has signed an Insertion Order and has used a credit card for billing purposes, Outbrain shall charge the Outbrain fees (including processing fees) to Customer’s credit card at such intervals as Outbrain determines in its sole discretion. The decision as to whether to allow Customer to choose between invoice, credit card or prepayment (as applicable) rests solely with Outbrain. Outbrain shall review all billing inquiries, including refund requests on a case-by-case basis and reserves the right to approve or deny any request in its sole discretion. Outbrain, in its sole discretion, may require a prepayment of any campaign budget before distributing Customer’s Content, until such time as Customer has established a credit history with Outbrain.
5.3 If Customer disputes any amount on an invoice, Customer should provide written notice to Outbrain (email is sufficient) within thirty (30) days of receipt of invoice or any such dispute shall be deemed waived. Customer’s email must include the amount disputed and provide adequate information to support any such claim. Customer may not withhold payment for any undisputed amounts, and any portion of a charge not disputed in good faith within thirty (30) days from receipt of invoice must be paid in full.
5.4 If payment is not made when due and not properly disputed pursuant to Section 5.3, Outbrain may charge interest at the rate of two percent (2%) per annum above the prevailing base rate of Barclays Bank PLC from the due date until the date of actual payment, whether before or after judgment. Outbrain also reserves the right to suspend or terminate any or all of Customer's use of the Service until Customer has paid all amounts due. Outbrain reserves the right to charge Customer for all costs of collection, including collection agency and reasonable legal fees and court costs. Customer authorises Outbrain to investigate Customer's credit record. If applicable, Customer agrees to provide such further financial information and documentation as may be required from time to time by Outbrain as a condition for the continued extension of credit. Customer acknowledges and agrees that any account, credit card and related billing and payment information which Customer provides to Outbrain may be shared by Outbrain with companies who work on Outbrain's behalf solely for the purpose of performing credit checks, effecting payment to Outbrain, collecting debts owed to Outbrain and/or servicing Customer's account. Outbrain may, in its sole discretion, extend, revise or revoke credit at any time. In addition, Outbrain reserves the right to require immediate payment of any outstanding balance that exceeds Customer’s credit limit and / or past the payment terms defined in this Agreement.
6. Additional Features and Terms
6.1 Outbrain may also make additional Service features available to Customer from time to time and use of such features may be subject to Customer’s agreement to certain additional terms and conditions (“
Additional Terms
”) (e.g., via an online click-through agreement or via the Dashboard). Such features will be provided at Outbrain’s discretion to Customer and may include fees in addition to those described in Section 5.1. Customer’s acceptance of the Additional Terms will constitute a binding and enforceable agreement as between Outbrain and Customer. In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms, the Additional Terms, and the Campaign Details, the order of precedence is: (i) Additional Terms, (ii) Campaign Details, and (iii) these Terms. Customers who choose to utilize LiveRamp services (via the Outbrain dashboard or otherwise) for purposes of their Outbrain campaign(s) are subject to
LiveRamp Terms
.
6.2 Subject to Customer’s compliance with Section 8 below, Customer may place (i) Outbrain pixel(s) (the “
Outbrain Pixel
”) on Customer’s website or application pages and/or (ii) third party pixels or tags (“the “
Third Party Pixels
”) for the purpose of providing analytics related to Customer’s campaign, enhanced targeting functionality and/or creating segments (the Outbrain Pixel and Third Party Pixels together are the “
Pixels
”). Customer represents and warrants that: (a) its use of the Pixels are in accordance with Data Protection Laws; and (b) it has provided appropriate notice to users regarding use of the Pixels, including an explanation: (x) that third parties, including Outbrain, may use cookies or similar technologies to collect or receive information from Customer’s website(s), and may use that information to provide measurement services and target ads; and (y) as to how users opt-out of the collection of information for targeting purposes; and (z) it will not use the Pixels on websites or application pages which target minors and/or contain sensitive categories of data (e.g. physical or mental health conditions). Customer shall not use the Pixels unless and until it has complied with the provisions of this Section6.2. Further, if an end-user has opted out of behavioral advertising via Customer’s site(s) (or a mechanism such as settings within an advertiser application), Customer shall be fully responsible for not loading the Outbrain Pixel. Outbrain may update, change, or substitute the Outbrain Pixel functionality at any time in its reasonable discretion provided that it does not disrupt the functioning of Customer’s landing page and serves the same purpose.
6.3 If Customer utilizes third party segments for enhanced targeting of its campaign(s) (“
3rd Party Targeting
”), Customer shall pay for its use of 3rd Party Targeting (“
3rd Party Data Costs
”) including any applicable taxes. Customer’s invoice for each campaign shall include both the Fees, and the 3rd Party Data Costs (if applicable). Customer agrees that 3rd Party Data costs will be based on Outbrain’s reporting metrics. If Customer utilizes 3rd Party Targeting Customer shall: (i) disclose this to users via an appropriate notice and/or in its privacy policy (as applicable); (ii) represent and warrant that its use of 3rd Party Targeting shall, at all times, be compliant with Data Protection Laws and satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for processing. Customer shall not, at any time, use 3rd Party Targeting: (i) for discriminatory purposes; (ii) to target minors under the age of sixteen(16); (iii) based on Special Categories of Personal Data; (iv) based on Personal Data relating to alleged or confirmed criminal convictions or offenses; or (v) otherwise in violation of any applicable law in any country where the campaign is performed.
7. Confidentiality
7.1 Each party agrees that with respect to any Confidential Information (as defined below) that is disclosed by one party to the other in connection with the Agreement, the party receiving such Confidential Information shall not disclose such Confidential Information to any third party, or use it for any purpose, except in connection with its rights and obligations under the Agreement. "
Confidential Information
" means all information concerning a party or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates that is not generally known to the public, which information is marked confidential or proprietary, or which under the circumstances ought reasonably to be treated as confidential or proprietary, and includes, without limitation, the terms of the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include information that: (i) is, as of the time of disclosure, or thereafter becomes, part of the public domain through a source other than the receiving party; (ii) was lawfully in the possession of the receiving party as of the time of disclosure; (iii) is independently developed by the receiving party without reference to the Confidential Information; or (iv) is subsequently obtained from a third party not subject to an obligation of confidentiality with respect to the information disclosed.
7.2 Confidential Information shall be kept in the strictest confidence and shall be protected by all reasonable and necessary security measures. Confidential Information shall not be released by the receiving party to anyone except an employee or agent, who has a need to know the same, and who is bound by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as these contained herein. Neither party will use any portion of Confidential Information provided by the other party pursuant to the Agreement for any purpose other than as expressly set forth under the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may disclose Confidential Information strictly necessary to comply with the demands of any court order, law or governmental agency and Outbrain may share Confidential Information of Customer with any holding company of Customer or with any subsidiary company of Customer’s holding company.
7.3 If Customer is acting on behalf of a Content provider, Customer authorises Outbrain to grant such Content provider (or any subsequent third party appointed by the Content provider) access to and a right to use the Campaign Details.
8. Additional Representations and Warranties/Disclaimers
8.1 Each party represents and warrants to the other party that: (i) it has all necessary rights and authority to enter into the Agreement and grant the rights and licences under the Agreement; (ii) it shall comply with Applicable Laws, and (iii) the execution or acceptance of the Agreement (which includes the Campaign Details), and the performance of its respective obligations and duties pursuant to the Agreement, do not and will not violate any agreement to which such party is bound. “
Applicable Laws
” means any applicable federal, national, state or foreign laws or regulations or any industry self-regulatory rules or guidelines (including the Interactive Advertising Bureau Guidelines, Standards & Best Practices, the NAI Code of Conduct, the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. Any Applicable Laws related to the privacy of personal data are referred to as “
Data Protection Laws
”.
8.2 Customer further represents and warrants that: (i) the Content does not violate any Applicable Laws, rules and regulations and will not contain any material which may be harmful, abusive, obscene, threatening or defamatory; (ii) it has all necessary rights to permit and grants Outbrain pursuant to the Agreement all such rights which are necessary for Outbrain to (as applicable) use, host, cache, route, store, copy, modify, distribute, reformat, reproduce, publish, display, transmit and distribute the Content; (iii) use of the Content in accordance with the Agreement will not infringe any intellectual property rights of any third party; (iv) it cannot and will not attempt to provide Content that is targeted to children under the age of sixteen (16); and (v) it will not use the Service in a manner that provides an unintended advantage or interferes with the integrity and/or overall performance of the Service; (vi) if using the Dashboard, Customer will adhere to any rules of such use as solely determined by Outbrain (e.g. not using source bidding to whitelist any particular Network source); (vii) it is not subject to nor owned or controlled by any person that is subject to sanctions or export control restrictions imposed pursuant to U.S. law or the laws of any other jurisdiction applicable to the performance of the agreement; (viii) it will not take any action that could result in economic sanctions or other trade control restrictions or penalties being imposed on Outbrain; and (ix) all business and payment information provided to Outbrain is true, correct, and accurate.
8.3 If Customer is an agency (or other third party acting on behalf of the provider of the Content), Customer represents and warrants that: (i) it is the authorised agent of the provider of the Content; (ii) it has the legal authority to enter into the Agreement and make all decisions and take all actions relating to the provider of the Content; (iii) it has entered into a written agreement granting the agent the authority to represent the provider of the Content in accordance with (i) and (ii) above (and shall submit such agreement to Outbrain on demand). Customer further agrees that it is not acting on behalf of a French company or a foreign company whose advertising content mainly targets French territory exclusively through the Dashboard. If Customer is acting on behalf of a French content provider whose advertising mainly targets the French territory, please contact info@outbrain.com for more information on how to purchase Outbrain Services.
8.4 No conditions, warranties or other terms apply to any Outbrain services supplied by Outbrain under this Agreement unless expressly set out in this Agreement. No implied conditions, warranties or other terms apply (including without limitation any implied terms as to satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose or conformance with description or any warranties arising from a course of dealing, usage or trade practice or regarding the performance or success of any campaigns made by it on behalf of Customer or that the Services will operate uninterrupted, secure or error free).
9. Data Protection
9.1 The parties acknowledge that some or all of data used or collected through the Service (or use of Outbrain Pixels) may qualify as, or include, personal data.
9.2 In addition to complying with all Applicable Laws (including Data Protection Laws) each party shall be individually responsible for including the provision of relevant notices and obtaining relevant consents as required by Data Protection Laws. To the extent necessary, the parties shall (i) collaborate with respect to requests from end-users; and (ii) each party shall implement appropriate technical and organizational measures which prevent accidental or unlawful destruction and loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to personal data. The parties shall each maintain and display on their respective websites an easily accessible and discoverable privacy policy that: (i) discloses the use of any cookies (based on redirects or otherwise) through the Service; and (ii) and includes relevant details regarding each party’s security controls and international transfers.
9.3 The provisions of the
Data Sharing Agreement
shall be incorporated into, and form part of, this Agreement.
10. Indemnification
10.1 Each party shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other party and its respective agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, contractors and Network partners (as applicable), against any and all third party claims resulting from the breach of such party's representations and warranties under this Agreement.
10.2 In connection with any such claim: (i) the indemnified party shall provide prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any such claim (provided that the failure to provide such prompt notice shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its indemnification obligations in the Agreement, except to the extent it has been damaged thereby); (ii) the indemnifying party shall have sole control of the defense or settlement of the claim (provided that the indemnifying party may not enter into any settlement that may adversely affect the rights or obligations of the indemnified party without the indemnified party's prior written consent); (iii) at the indemnifying party's request and expense, the indemnified party cooperating in the investigation and defense of such claim; and (iv) the indemnified party shall have the right to participate in its defense with counsel of its own choosing at the indemnified party's expense.
11. Limitation of Liability
11.1 Nothing in the Agreement excludes or limits either party’s liability: (i) for death or personal injury resulting from the negligence of either party or their servants, agents or employees; (ii) for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; (iii) for anything which cannot be excluded or limited by law.
11.2 Except with respect to claims arising from the indemnity obligations or a breach of clause 6 (confidentiality) and/or non-payment of fees owed, the maximum aggregate liability of either party and its’ directors, officers, employees, Network partners, vendors or agents arising from any given event or series of connected events arising under or related in any way to this Agreement or its implementation shall be limited to the greater of: (i) £50,000; and (ii) 100% of the amount of fees paid or payable by Customer under Agreement in the 12 months immediately preceding the month in which the event (or first in a series of connected events) occurred.
11.3 In no event shall either party be liable for: (i) loss of revenues; (ii) loss of profits; (iii) loss of contracts; (iv) loss of business or anticipated savings; (v) loss of data; (vi) loss of goodwill or reputation; or (vii) for any consequential, special or indirect losses whether or not such losses were within the contemplation of the parties at the date of this Agreement, suffered or incurred by that party arising out of or in connection with the provisions of, or any matter under, this Agreement.
12. Miscellaneous
12.1 Neither Party may assign the Agreement, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however that either party may assign its rights or delegate its duties under the Agreement, in whole or in part, without the other's consent, in connection with a merger, reorganisation or sale of all, or substantially all, of the assignor's assets, provided that the successor entity shall have sufficient resources to fully perform the Agreement and shall assume the obligation to fully perform the Agreement.
12.2 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in respect of any dispute or matter arising out of or connected with this Agreement. The prevailing party in any action arising out of or to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to recover its reasonable legal fees and costs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of Customer’s default of its obligations in Section 5 above, Outbrain shall have the right, if it so chooses, to commence an action against Customer for such default in the appropriate court in the venue and jurisdiction in which Customer resides or maintains assets.
12.3 No press releases or general public announcements shall be made without the mutual written consent of Customer and Outbrain. Outbrain shall have the right to include Customer's name including, but not limited to, in Outbrain's client list and in other marketing materials. Customer shall not use Outbrain’s name, logo or trademark without Outbrain’s prior written consent.
12.4 All notices under the Agreement will be in writing via email, to the address of the receiving party set forth on the IO, or at such different address as may be designated by such party by written notice to the other party from time to time. Notice will be effective on receipt.
12.5 No failure of either party to enforce any of its rights under the Agreement will act as a waiver of such rights. If one or more provisions of the Agreement are held to be unenforceable under Applicable Laws, then such provision(s) shall be excluded from the Agreement, and the balance of the Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.
12.6 Neither party shall be liable for any delay or failure to perform any of its obligations set forth in the Agreement due to causes beyond its reasonable control. Neither party shall be liable for any unavailability or inoperability of the Internet, technical malfunction, or computer error or corruption resulting in loss of data or other harm. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer shall not be relieved from any of its obligations as to Fees due hereunder.
12.7 Sections
7, 8, 9, 10, 11
and
12
, together with any outstanding undisputed payment obligation, shall survive the termination of the Agreement.
12.8 Customer and Outbrain shall each act as independent contractors. Nothing in the Agreement shall be deemed or create or construed as creating a joint venture or partnership between the parties.
12.9 The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and may not be modified without the prior written consent of both parties. In no event shall any inconsistent or conflicting terms and conditions contained in any purchase order, insertion order, invoice or other document submitted by Customer concerning the subject matter hereof have any force or effect unless accepted or signed by Outbrain.
Effective April 24th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Effective Date:
February 23, 2023
These terms were last revised as of the effective date set forth above. Outbrain reserves the right to change these terms from time to time.
Amplify Terms and Conditions
These Amplify Terms and Conditions (“
Terms
”) are entered into by Outbrain UK Limited (“
Outbrain
”) and the entity executing an Insertion Order or using the Outbrain dashboard (“
Customer
”). These Terms govern Customer’s use of the Outbrain service, and together with an Insertion Order (or the information entered through the Outbrain dashboard (“
Dashboard
”) comprise the "
Agreement
" between Outbrain and Customer. If there is any inconsistency between: (i) the terms of a signed Insertion Order or those entered through the Dashboard (either “
Campaign Details
”) and (ii) these Terms, the Campaign Details as applicable, shall prevail.
1. Services
1.1 Outbrain partners with a network of online properties (the “
Network
”) and displays a user interface containing links that navigate to websites (the “
Service
”). Outbrain uses its proprietary algorithms to determine what links appear within the Service on the Network.
1.2 Outbrain shall display links to graphical, textual, video and/or auditory content selected by Customer (the links and the content accessed from the link together are the “
Content
”) on the Network through the Service. Outbrain shall continue to distribute the Content on the Network until the earlier of: (i) the end date of Customer’s campaign; (ii) the reaching of Customer’s budget; or (iii) the disabling of a campaign (provided that Outbrain reserves the right to charge for additional Actions (as defined in 5.1) as the Content is removed from circulation – see
FAQs
for more details).
1.3 Outbrain does not guarantee: (i) the placement, positioning or the timing of delivery of any Content; (ii) clicks or impressions (including clicks from a particular audience segment); or (iii) conversions. If Fees (as defined in Section 5) do not reach Customer’s budget, Customer's sole remedies shall be to: (i) subject to Section 2 below, extend the end date of the applicable campaign; (ii) replace or add to the existing Content with other Content to complete the campaign; or (iii) to pay only for accrued Fees on the Content. In no event shall Outbrain be liable for failure to deliver traffic to Content.
1.4 Outbrain will make reports available to Customer regarding the campaign(s). The final monthly reports (which may differ from the daily reports) will provide the conclusive basis for Outbrain's calculation of the fees owed by Customer. Customer may submit its own Outbrain-compatible tracker. If there is a ten percent (10%) discrepancy or more between Customer's numbers (based on an Outbrain-compatible tracker) and Outbrain's numbers then the parties agree to work in good faith to identify the correct amount to be paid to Outbrain. If the discrepancy is less than ten percent (10%), Outbrain's numbers shall be conclusive.
2. Content
2.1 Customer has the right and authorises Outbrain to place the Content on the Network and is solely responsible for determining the propriety and legality of the Content. In addition, Content selected by Customer must comply with Outbrain's
Advertising Guidelines
, as may be updated from time to time by Outbrain. Outbrain may at any time (at its sole discretion) reject or remove Content. Customer acknowledges that Outbrain is not responsible for the Content and that the Content may change during the course of a campaign due to revisions by the Content's author, comments from readers, or otherwise. Customer's recourse in the event of such change shall be to direct Outbrain to remove such Content from its then-current campaign and/or select other Content. Customer further acknowledges that, if there is an objection to the Content (whether from the Content author or publisher, or otherwise) Outbrain will act in accordance with Section 2 of its
Term of Use
and may cease (at its sole discretion) including the Content in the Service.
2.2 Customer represents and warrants that: (i) if the Content was written by or under the direction of Customer or paid for by Customer, that fact shall be clearly disclosed on or near the Content; (ii) it is authorised to use and/or has approved all words of the Content’s headline (whether written by Customer or on Customer’s behalf); and (iii) Content headlines accurately reflect the tone and subject matter of the Content and, (iv) it is authorized to use and/or has approved any image(s) related to its campaign(s) with Outbrain.
2.3 Customer shall not, directly or indirectly, provide Content that: (i) is obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous, pornographic, violent, profane, indecent or unlawful; (ii) is factually inaccurate, misleading or deceptive; and/or (iii) facilitates or promotes any type of illegal activity, including without limitation pyramid schemes, gambling, the sale or use of illicit drugs, or discrimination or harassment of any individual or group. Further, each piece of Customer Content shall neither (a) redirect to a destination other than as originally submitted to the Service, and/or (b) be substantively different from the Content originally submitted to the Service.
2.4 Both parties shall implement anti-malware scanning processes of the Content. Upon notice, both parties shall take immediate action to remove any suspicious Content from the Network.
3. Term and Cancellation
The Campaign Details will set forth the start and end date of a particular campaign. However, the Agreement, or an individual campaign may be suspended or terminated: (i) by Customer for any reason upon two (2) business days' written notice to Outbrain or within twelve (12) hours through the Dashboard; or (ii) by Outbrain for any reason upon two (2) days’ written notice to Customer. During the notice period, all previously contracted campaigns shall continue to run pursuant to the Campaign Details and Customer shall be responsible for paying Outbrain for all Fees accrued up to and including the last day of such notice period. Outbrain also reserves the right to suspend or terminate all or part of Customer's use of the Service if Outbrain (at Outbrain’s discretion) reasonably believes Customer is in breach of the terms of this Agreement.
4. Campaign Details
If Customer utilizes Outbrain’s Dashboard, Customer will have access to certain online reports and control over its campaign(s). To the extent Customer registers and has access to the Dashboard, Outbrain may collect certain personal data of Customer. Outbrain collects and processes this personal data in order to respond to Customer questions or requests, provide Customer’s with access to certain services, verify Customer’s identity and communicate with Customers about the use of the Service. Customer is solely responsible for all changes requested or approved (either directly or via Outbrain’s API) including those made through the Dashboard using its login. Customer is solely responsible for protecting its login and password to the Dashboard. Customer can manage campaigns using the Dashboard by modifying the Campaign Details and/or Customer may have the option of working with an Outbrain account manager, as determined by Outbrain.
5. Fees and Payment Terms
5.1 “
Fees
” are based on deliverables sold via one of following methods: (i) cost-per-click (“
CPC
”); (ii) cost-per thousand impressions (“
CPM
”); (iii) cost-per-completed view (“
CPCv
”) where completed view means fifty percent (50%) of the video Ad/Content is in view continuously from beginning to the end of video; and/or (iv) cost-per thousand Viewable Impressions (“
vCPM
”);  or (v) other desired actions agreed between the parties from time to time (each, an “Action”). A viewable impression is counted as viewable if fifty percent (50%) of the video ad is in view continuously for 2 seconds. Customer shall pay Outbrain Fees for Customer Content delivered via the Network as measured by Outbrain's tracking system. Outbrain may charge any applicable national, state, or local sales or use taxes, value added taxes or country-specific fees that Outbrain is legally obligated to charge. If CPC is being used for campaign measurement, such CPC may not be less than Outbrain’s then-in-effect minimum CPC (which may vary by market). If Customer is utilizing Outbrain’s automatic bidding feature, Customer grants Outbrain the right to set and modify Customer’s CPC at Outbrain’s discretion to aid in achieving Customer’s targets for its campaign. Customer shall be solely responsible for any additional fees incurred for utilizing third party ad serving on its campaign(s). For the avoidance of doubt, Outbrain will not cover, credit or reimburse any third party fees, including, but not limited to, use of any third-party tracker(s) on Customer’s campaign(s). Customer may increase or decrease its budget through the Dashboard or through a signed amendment to an Insertion Order.
5.2 If Customer has signed an Insertion Order, Fees will generally be invoiced by Outbrain to Customer by the end of the following calendar month, unless otherwise set forth in an IO. Customer shall pay all invoices within thirty (30) days from receipt. Any portion of a charge not disputed in good faith must be paid in full. If Customer has provided the Campaign Details through the Dashboard or has signed an Insertion Order and has used a credit card for billing purposes, Outbrain shall charge the Outbrain fees (including processing fees) to Customer’s credit card at such intervals as Outbrain determines in its sole discretion. The decision as to whether to allow Customer to choose between invoice, credit card or prepayment (as applicable) rests solely with Outbrain. Outbrain shall review all billing inquiries, including refund requests on a case-by-case basis and reserves the right to approve or deny any request in its sole discretion. Outbrain, in its sole discretion, may require a prepayment of any campaign budget before distributing Customer’s Content, until such time as Customer has established a credit history with Outbrain.
5.3 If Customer disputes any amount on an invoice, Customer should provide written notice to Outbrain (email is sufficient) within thirty (30) days of receipt of invoice or any such dispute shall be deemed waived. Customer’s email must include the amount disputed and provide adequate information to support any such claim. Customer may not withhold payment for any undisputed amounts, and any portion of a charge not disputed in good faith within thirty (30) days from receipt of invoice must be paid in full.
5.4 If payment is not made when due and not properly disputed pursuant to Section 5.3, Outbrain may charge interest at the rate of two percent (2%) per annum above the prevailing base rate of Barclays Bank PLC from the due date until the date of actual payment, whether before or after judgment. Outbrain also reserves the right to suspend or terminate any or all of Customer's use of the Service until Customer has paid all amounts due. Outbrain reserves the right to charge Customer for all costs of collection, including collection agency and reasonable legal fees and court costs. Customer authorises Outbrain to investigate Customer's credit record. If applicable, Customer agrees to provide such further financial information and documentation as may be required from time to time by Outbrain as a condition for the continued extension of credit. Customer acknowledges and agrees that any account, credit card and related billing and payment information which Customer provides to Outbrain may be shared by Outbrain with companies who work on Outbrain's behalf solely for the purpose of performing credit checks, effecting payment to Outbrain, collecting debts owed to Outbrain and/or servicing Customer's account. Outbrain may, in its sole discretion, extend, revise or revoke credit at any time. In addition, Outbrain reserves the right to require immediate payment of any outstanding balance that exceeds Customer’s credit limit and / or past the payment terms defined in this Agreement.
6. Additional Features and Terms
6.1 Outbrain may also make additional Service features available to Customer from time to time and use of such features may be subject to Customer’s agreement to certain additional terms and conditions (“
Additional Terms
”) (e.g., via an online click-through agreement or via the Dashboard). Such features will be provided at Outbrain’s discretion to Customer and may include fees in addition to those described in Section 5.1. Customer’s acceptance of the Additional Terms will constitute a binding and enforceable agreement as between Outbrain and Customer. In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms, the Additional Terms, and the Campaign Details, the order of precedence is: (i) Additional Terms, (ii) Campaign Details, and (iii) these Terms. Customers who choose to utilize LiveRamp services (via the Outbrain dashboard or otherwise) for purposes of their Outbrain campaign(s) are subject to
LiveRamp Terms
.
6.2 Subject to Customer’s compliance with Section 8 below, Customer may place (i) Outbrain pixel(s) (the “
Outbrain Pixel
”) on Customer’s website or application pages and/or (ii) third party pixels or tags (“the “
Third Party Pixels
”) for the purpose of providing analytics related to Customer’s campaign, enhanced targeting functionality and/or creating segments (the Outbrain Pixel and Third Party Pixels together are the “
Pixels
”). Customer represents and warrants that: (a) its use of the Pixels are in accordance with Data Protection Laws; and (b) it has provided appropriate notice to users regarding use of the Pixels, including an explanation: (x) that third parties, including Outbrain, may use cookies or similar technologies to collect or receive information from Customer’s website(s), and may use that information to provide measurement services and target ads; and (y) as to how users opt-out of the collection of information for targeting purposes; and (z) it will not use the Pixels on websites or application pages which target minors and/or contain sensitive categories of data (e.g. physical or mental health conditions). Customer shall not use the Pixels unless and until it has complied with the provisions of this Section6.2. Further, if an end-user has opted out of behavioral advertising via Customer’s site(s) (or a mechanism such as settings within an advertiser application), Customer shall be fully responsible for not loading the Outbrain Pixel. Outbrain may update, change, or substitute the Outbrain Pixel functionality at any time in its reasonable discretion provided that it does not disrupt the functioning of Customer’s landing page and serves the same purpose.
6.3 If Customer utilizes third party segments for enhanced targeting of its campaign(s) (“
3rd Party Targeting
”), Customer shall pay for its use of 3rd Party Targeting (“
3rd Party Data Costs
”) including any applicable taxes. Customer’s invoice for each campaign shall include both the Fees, and the 3rd Party Data Costs (if applicable). Customer agrees that 3rd Party Data costs will be based on Outbrain’s reporting metrics. If Customer utilizes 3rd Party Targeting Customer shall: (i) disclose this to users via an appropriate notice and/or in its privacy policy (as applicable); (ii) represent and warrant that its use of 3rd Party Targeting shall, at all times, be compliant with Data Protection Laws and satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for processing. Customer shall not, at any time, use 3rd Party Targeting: (i) for discriminatory purposes; (ii) to target minors under the age of sixteen(16); (iii) based on Special Categories of Personal Data; (iv) based on Personal Data relating to alleged or confirmed criminal convictions or offenses; or (v) otherwise in violation of any applicable law in any country where the campaign is performed.
7. Confidentiality
7.1 Each party agrees that with respect to any Confidential Information (as defined below) that is disclosed by one party to the other in connection with the Agreement, the party receiving such Confidential Information shall not disclose such Confidential Information to any third party, or use it for any purpose, except in connection with its rights and obligations under the Agreement. "
Confidential Information
" means all information concerning a party or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates that is not generally known to the public, which information is marked confidential or proprietary, or which under the circumstances ought reasonably to be treated as confidential or proprietary, and includes, without limitation, the terms of the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include information that: (i) is, as of the time of disclosure, or thereafter becomes, part of the public domain through a source other than the receiving party; (ii) was lawfully in the possession of the receiving party as of the time of disclosure; (iii) is independently developed by the receiving party without reference to the Confidential Information; or (iv) is subsequently obtained from a third party not subject to an obligation of confidentiality with respect to the information disclosed.
7.2 Confidential Information shall be kept in the strictest confidence and shall be protected by all reasonable and necessary security measures. Confidential Information shall not be released by the receiving party to anyone except an employee or agent, who has a need to know the same, and who is bound by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as these contained herein. Neither party will use any portion of Confidential Information provided by the other party pursuant to the Agreement for any purpose other than as expressly set forth under the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may disclose Confidential Information strictly necessary to comply with the demands of any court order, law or governmental agency and Outbrain may share Confidential Information of Customer with any holding company of Customer or with any subsidiary company of Customer’s holding company.
7.3 If Customer is acting on behalf of a Content provider, Customer authorises Outbrain to grant such Content provider (or any subsequent third party appointed by the Content provider) access to and a right to use the Campaign Details.
8. Additional Representations and Warranties/Disclaimers
8.1 Each party represents and warrants to the other party that: (i) it has all necessary rights and authority to enter into the Agreement and grant the rights and licences under the Agreement; (ii) it shall comply with Applicable Laws, and (iii) the execution or acceptance of the Agreement (which includes the Campaign Details), and the performance of its respective obligations and duties pursuant to the Agreement, do not and will not violate any agreement to which such party is bound. “
Applicable Laws
” means any applicable federal, national, state or foreign laws or regulations or any industry self-regulatory rules or guidelines (including the Interactive Advertising Bureau Guidelines, Standards & Best Practices, the NAI Code of Conduct, the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. Any Applicable Laws related to the privacy of personal data are referred to as “
Data Protection Laws
”.
8.2 Customer further represents and warrants that: (i) the Content does not violate any Applicable Laws, rules and regulations and will not contain any material which may be harmful, abusive, obscene, threatening or defamatory; (ii) it has all necessary rights to permit and grants Outbrain pursuant to the Agreement all such rights which are necessary for Outbrain to (as applicable) use, host, cache, route, store, copy, modify, distribute, reformat, reproduce, publish, display, transmit and distribute the Content; (iii) use of the Content in accordance with the Agreement will not infringe any intellectual property rights of any third party; (iv) it cannot and will not attempt to provide Content that is targeted to children under the age of sixteen (16); and (v) it will not use the Service in a manner that provides an unintended advantage or interferes with the integrity and/or overall performance of the Service; (vi) if using the Dashboard, Customer will adhere to any rules of such use as solely determined by Outbrain (e.g. not using source bidding to whitelist any particular Network source); (vii) it is not subject to nor owned or controlled by any person that is subject to sanctions or export control restrictions imposed pursuant to U.S. law or the laws of any other jurisdiction applicable to the performance of the agreement; (viii) it will not take any action that could result in economic sanctions or other trade control restrictions or penalties being imposed on Outbrain; and (ix) all business and payment information provided to Outbrain is true, correct, and accurate.
8.3 If Customer is an agency (or other third party acting on behalf of the provider of the Content), Customer represents and warrants that: (i) it is the authorised agent of the provider of the Content; (ii) it has the legal authority to enter into the Agreement and make all decisions and take all actions relating to the provider of the Content; (iii) it has entered into a written agreement granting the agent the authority to represent the provider of the Content in accordance with (i) and (ii) above (and shall submit such agreement to Outbrain on demand). Customer further agrees that it is not acting on behalf of a French company or a foreign company whose advertising content mainly targets French territory exclusively through the Dashboard. If Customer is acting on behalf of a French content provider whose advertising mainly targets the French territory, please contact info@outbrain.com for more information on how to purchase Outbrain Services.
8.4 No conditions, warranties or other terms apply to any Outbrain services supplied by Outbrain under this Agreement unless expressly set out in this Agreement. No implied conditions, warranties or other terms apply (including without limitation any implied terms as to satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose or conformance with description or any warranties arising from a course of dealing, usage or trade practice or regarding the performance or success of any campaigns made by it on behalf of Customer or that the Services will operate uninterrupted, secure or error free).
9. Data Protection
9.1 The parties acknowledge that some or all of data used or collected through the Service (or use of Outbrain Pixels) may qualify as, or include, personal data.
9.2 In addition to complying with all Applicable Laws (including Data Protection Laws) each party shall be individually responsible for including the provision of relevant notices and obtaining relevant consents as required by Data Protection Laws. To the extent necessary, the parties shall (i) collaborate with respect to requests from end-users; and (ii) each party shall implement appropriate technical and organizational measures which prevent accidental or unlawful destruction and loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to personal data. The parties shall each maintain and display on their respective websites an easily accessible and discoverable privacy policy that: (i) discloses the use of any cookies (based on redirects or otherwise) through the Service; and (ii) and includes relevant details regarding each party’s security controls and international transfers.
9.3 The provisions of the
Data Sharing Agreement
shall be incorporated into, and form part of, this Agreement.
10. Indemnification
10.1 Each party shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other party and its respective agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, contractors and Network partners (as applicable), against any and all third party claims resulting from the breach of such party's representations and warranties under this Agreement.
10.2 In connection with any such claim: (i) the indemnified party shall provide prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any such claim (provided that the failure to provide such prompt notice shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its indemnification obligations in the Agreement, except to the extent it has been damaged thereby); (ii) the indemnifying party shall have sole control of the defense or settlement of the claim (provided that the indemnifying party may not enter into any settlement that may adversely affect the rights or obligations of the indemnified party without the indemnified party's prior written consent); (iii) at the indemnifying party's request and expense, the indemnified party cooperating in the investigation and defense of such claim; and (iv) the indemnified party shall have the right to participate in its defense with counsel of its own choosing at the indemnified party's expense.
11. Limitation of Liability
11.1 Nothing in the Agreement excludes or limits either party’s liability: (i) for death or personal injury resulting from the negligence of either party or their servants, agents or employees; (ii) for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; (iii) for anything which cannot be excluded or limited by law.
11.2 Except with respect to claims arising from the indemnity obligations or a breach of clause 6 (confidentiality) and/or non-payment of fees owed, the maximum aggregate liability of either party and its’ directors, officers, employees, Network partners, vendors or agents arising from any given event or series of connected events arising under or related in any way to this Agreement or its implementation shall be limited to the greater of: (i) £50,000; and (ii) 100% of the amount of fees paid or payable by Customer under Agreement in the 12 months immediately preceding the month in which the event (or first in a series of connected events) occurred.
11.3 In no event shall either party be liable for: (i) loss of revenues; (ii) loss of profits; (iii) loss of contracts; (iv) loss of business or anticipated savings; (v) loss of data; (vi) loss of goodwill or reputation; or (vii) for any consequential, special or indirect losses whether or not such losses were within the contemplation of the parties at the date of this Agreement, suffered or incurred by that party arising out of or in connection with the provisions of, or any matter under, this Agreement.
12. Miscellaneous
12.1 Neither Party may assign the Agreement, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however that either party may assign its rights or delegate its duties under the Agreement, in whole or in part, without the other's consent, in connection with a merger, reorganisation or sale of all, or substantially all, of the assignor's assets, provided that the successor entity shall have sufficient resources to fully perform the Agreement and shall assume the obligation to fully perform the Agreement.
12.2 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in respect of any dispute or matter arising out of or connected with this Agreement. The prevailing party in any action arising out of or to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to recover its reasonable legal fees and costs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of Customer’s default of its obligations in Section 5 above, Outbrain shall have the right, if it so chooses, to commence an action against Customer for such default in the appropriate court in the venue and jurisdiction in which Customer resides or maintains assets.
12.3 No press releases or general public announcements shall be made without the mutual written consent of Customer and Outbrain. Outbrain shall have the right to include Customer's name including, but not limited to, in Outbrain's client list and in other marketing materials. Customer shall not use Outbrain’s name, logo or trademark without Outbrain’s prior written consent.
12.4 All notices under the Agreement will be in writing via email, to the address of the receiving party set forth on the IO, or at such different address as may be designated by such party by written notice to the other party from time to time. Notice will be effective on receipt.
12.5 No failure of either party to enforce any of its rights under the Agreement will act as a waiver of such rights. If one or more provisions of the Agreement are held to be unenforceable under Applicable Laws, then such provision(s) shall be excluded from the Agreement, and the balance of the Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.
12.6 Neither party shall be liable for any delay or failure to perform any of its obligations set forth in the Agreement due to causes beyond its reasonable control. Neither party shall be liable for any unavailability or inoperability of the Internet, technical malfunction, or computer error or corruption resulting in loss of data or other harm. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer shall not be relieved from any of its obligations as to Fees due hereunder.
12.7 Sections
7, 8, 9, 10, 11
and
12
, together with any outstanding undisputed payment obligation, shall survive the termination of the Agreement.
12.8 Customer and Outbrain shall each act as independent contractors. Nothing in the Agreement shall be deemed or create or construed as creating a joint venture or partnership between the parties.
12.9 The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and may not be modified without the prior written consent of both parties. In no event shall any inconsistent or conflicting terms and conditions contained in any purchase order, insertion order, invoice or other document submitted by Customer concerning the subject matter hereof have any force or effect unless accepted or signed by Outbrain.
Effective June 21st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
This Data Sharing Agreement (“
DSA
”) is entered into by the Outbrain entity (“
Outbrain
”) and the company (the “
DSP
”) identified in the Programmatic Access Enrollment Form (governed by the
Programmatic Access Terms
or
EU Programmatic Access Terms
, as applicable) between the parties from time to time (the “
Terms
”). From the Effective Date of the Terms, this DSA shall apply to any and all agreements between the parties and their Affiliates from time to time.
This DSA is incorporated into the Terms (as amended from time to time) and constitutes a legally binding agreement between the parties. Collectively, the Controller SCCs (as applicable), the DSA and the Terms are referred to as the “
Agreement
”. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between any of the terms of the Agreement the following order of precedence shall prevail: (i) the Controller SCCs (as applicable); (ii) this DSA; and (iii) the Terms.
Any capitalized terms not defined in this DSA shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Terms.
1. DEFINITIONS.
1.1. “
Affiliate(s)
” means in respect of either party at any time, any person or legal entity controlled by or controlling or under the common control of that party. Any reference to the parties shall include reference to their Affiliates;
1.2. “
Bid Request Data
”
means
Personal Data of an End User provided by Outbrain to DSP during the Service;
1.3. “
Controller SCCs
” means the standard data protection clauses “MODULE ONE: Transfer controller to controller” in accordance with article 46 2. (c) GDPR adopted by the European Commission on 4 June 2021 (Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914) (as amended or superseded), containing contractual obligations on the Data Exporter and the Data Importer, and rights for EEA Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred, as amended or superseded from time to time by the European Commission;
1.4. “
Data Protection Laws
” means all laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant public authority applicable from time to time to Outbrain or DSP relating to the processing of Personal Data and the privacy of electronic communications, including U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws and EU Data Protection Laws, the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (LGPD), Federal Law no. 13,709/2018 and the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information;
1.5. “
EEA
” means the European Economic Area;
1.6. “
End
User Data
” means Personal Data of an End User which DSP may collect directly on the Partner Inventory;
1.7. “
End Users
” are Data Subjects or Consumers who visit or use the Partner Inventory provided by Outbrain;
1.8. "
EU Data Protection Laws
" means all laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant Supervisory Authority (including, in the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”)) applicable from time to time to Outbrain or DSP relating to the processing of Personal Data and the privacy of electronic communications in the EEA and the UK as amended or superseded, especially (i) the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR; (ii) the Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive 2002/58/EC (as updated by Directive 2009/136/EC) (ePrivacy Directive) and the UK Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (SI 2003 No. 2426) (PECR) as updated; (iii) the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection 1992;
1.9. “
EU GDPR
” means the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679;
1.10. “
UK GDPR
” means the EU GDPR as amended and incorporated into UK law under the UK European Union Withdrawal Act 2018;
1.11. “
UK SCCs Addendum
” means the International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU Commission Standard Contractual Clauses version B1.0 in force 21 March 2022 adopted by the ICO under S119A(1) of the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (as amended or superseded);
1.12. “
U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws
” means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, the Colorado Privacy Act of 2021, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act of 2022, the Indiana Consumer Data Protection Act of 2023, the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act of 2023, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act of 2023, the Tennessee Information Protection Act of 2023, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act of 2022, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act  of 2021 and all other U.S. privacy laws, guidance or codes of practice issued by a relevant public authority applicable from time to time to Outbrain or DSP relating to the processing of Personal Information and the privacy of electronic communications, as amended or superseded by any federal, state or national law, regulation or regulatory guidance;
1.13. "
Controller
", “
Joint Controller
”, "
Processor
", “
Data Protection Impact Assessment
”, "
Data
Subject
", “
Personal Data Breach
”, "
Special Categories of Personal Data
" and “
Supervisory Authority
” shall have the meanings given in EU Data Protection Laws;
1.14. “
sale
”
(including the terms “sell,” “selling,” “sold,” and other variations thereof, including renting, disclosing, releasing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration), “
Consumer
”,
“Business
”, “
Third Party
”
and
“
Service Provider
”
shall have the meanings given to those terms under U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws, as applicable; and
1.15. “
Personal Data
” (and any variation thereof, including “Personal Information” under U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws) and “
process
” (including “processing”), shall have the meaning given under the applicable Data Protection Laws.
2. PURPOSE OF PROCESSING.
The parties collect and process Bid Request Data for the purposes of delivering DSP’s clients’ advertising materials to End Users. DSP shall not process or share with any third party Bid Request Data for any other purpose than allowed in the Terms and this DSA. Upon a valid legal basis, DSP may process End User Data for personalized advertising purposes.
3. U.S. CONSUMER PRIVACY LAWS AND EU DATA PROTECTION LAWS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS.
3.1. Specific provisions applicable to U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws are located in
Sections 4.2 and 5.3 (iii).
3.2. Specific provision applicable to EU Data protection Laws are located in
Sections 4.3, 5.3 (i), and 11
.
4. ROLE OF PARTIES.
4.1. Each party shall comply with all relevant provisions of Data Protection Laws as it applies to matters under the Agreement and ensure that they process Personal Data fairly and lawfully in accordance with Data Protection Laws as applicable in the provision and receipt of Personal Data.
4.2. Insofar as  U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws are applicable to the Service, Outbrain and DSP will be considered independent Businesses for the collection, processing and selling of any Personal Information, and no party shall be considered a Service Provider on anyone’s behalf, unless as strictly required under applicable U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws. In such case, the
IAB Multi-State Privacy Agreement
(the most recent version or successor thereto) shall be incorporated by reference into this DSA and shall govern the relationship between the parties with Partner as Business and Outbrain and DSP as Service Providers exclusively in respect of opted out traffic in the U.S., as applicable.
4.3. Insofar as EU Data Protection Laws are applicable to the Agreement, Outbrain and DSP will be considered independent Controllers under EU Data Protection Laws for the collection and any further processing of any Personal Data, and no party shall be considered a Processor on anyone’s behalf.
4.4. Each party shall remain solely and exclusively responsible for determining the means and purposes of processing for its respective processing activities.
5. DSP’S OBLIGATIONS.
5.1. DSP shall not, at any time, use the Service for: (i) for discriminatory purposes; (ii) to target minors under the age of sixteen(16); (iii) based on Special Categories of Personal Data; (iv) based on Personal Data relating to alleged or confirmed criminal convictions or offenses; or (v) otherwise in violation of any applicable law in any country where Outbrain provides the Partner Inventory.
5.2. DSP shall disclose, via an appropriate privacy notice, all information relating to processing activities where the Personal Data is collected directly from the End User or where such Personal Data is collected via third parties, as required under Data Protection Laws.
5.3. DSP represents and warrants that its use of the Service shall, at all times, be compliant with Data Protection Laws and satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for processing Bid Request Data and End User Data. In particular, DSP shall:
(i) Insofar as EU Data Protection Laws are applicable to the Agreement, comply with End Users' consent choices expressed via a consent management platform using the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework v2.2 (the most recent version or successor thereto) and only process End User Data upon valid consent strings. DSP must not, at any time, process Bid Request Data or End User Data based on "null" or "invalid" signals. DSP shall not use or rely on cookies or similar tracking technologies to deliver content if no valid IAB Transparency & Consent Framework v2.2 consent signal is available on the Partner Inventory;
(ii) provide a user choice mechanism such as the opt out page(s) of the
Network Advertising Initiative
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance
or the
European Digital Advertising Alliance
, as applicable; and
(iii) Insofar as U.S. Consumer Privacy Laws are applicable to the Agreement, comply with End Users' "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" or equivalent opt out choices provided via a consent management platform using the IAB Global Privacy Platform.
5.4. DSP shall comply with requests from End Users to exercise their rights under relevant Data Protection Laws, without undue delay and within the required time limits.
6. OUTBRAIN’S OBLIGATIONS.
6.1. Outbrain is solely responsible for implementing the Service and providing the Partner Inventory under the Agreement and Data Protection Laws.
6.2. Outbrain shall disclose, via an appropriate privacy notice, all information relating to processing activities where the Personal Data is collected directly from the End User or where such Personal Data is collected via or shared with third parties, as required under Data Protection Laws. This information is available on
Outbrain’s Privacy Policy
.
6.3. Outbrain shall at all times satisfy the requirements for an appropriate legal basis for the processing of Personal Data.
6.4. Outbrain shall enter into appropriate contractual arrangements with its publishers or third party partners, requiring all parties to comply with Data Protection Laws.
6.5. Outbrain shall comply with requests from End Users to exercise their rights under relevant Data Protection Laws, without undue delay and within the required time limits. Requests relating to right to access, erasure, withdrawing consent, objecting to profiling, or ”Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” can be exercised directly on
Outbrain Interest Profile
.
7. COOPERATION.
7.1. Each party shall develop, implement, and regularly review procedures to ensure they meet their respective obligations under Data Protection Laws.
7.2. Each party shall immediately inform the other party if any activity pursuant to the Agreement infringes any part of Data Protection Laws, and the parties shall review such activity accordingly. If during the term, Data Protection Laws change in a way that this DSA is no longer adequate for performing the processing activities necessary to the Terms, the parties agree to promptly negotiate in good faith to review this DSA in light of such changes.
7.3. In the event that either party receives any correspondence, enquiry or complaint from an End User, Supervisory Authority or any other third party related to the disclosure or processing of Personal Data pursuant to this DSA, or requests information from the other party when performing a Data Protection Impact Assessment, it shall promptly inform the other party giving full details of the same, and the other party shall provide such assistance as reasonably required (at each party’s sole cost and expense) and in good faith in order to respond in accordance with any requirements under Data Protection Laws.
8. DATA SECURITY.
8.1. Each party shall implement and maintain such appropriate technical and organizational measures as required by Data Protection Laws to ensure that the Personal Data is processed in a secure manner, including (but not limited to) (i) the pseudonymization and encryption of Personal Data; (ii) ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of the services provided under the Agreement, including the ability to restore availability of, and access to, Personal Data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident; (iii) a process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures for ensuring the security of the processing; and (iv) regularly carrying information security risk assessments that take account of risk of accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Data.
8.2. An overview of Outbrain’s appropriate technical and organizational security measures are described on
Outbrain’s Security page
.
8.3. Upon becoming aware of a suspected or confirmed Personal Data Breach involving Outbrain User Data collected pursuant to this DSA, each party shall notify the other party without any undue delay, and provide such assistance as reasonably required to allow the other party to comply with its respective obligations under Data Protection Laws.
9. PERSONNEL.
Each party shall be responsible for ensuring that staff members are appropriately trained to handle and process the Personal Data in accordance with their internal technical and organizational security measures, where relevant, together with Data Protection Laws, and have entered into confidentiality agreements relating to the processing of Personal Data.
10. PROCESSORS – SERVICE PROVIDERS.
Each party shall remain independently responsible for appointing its respective Processors and/or Service Providers in accordance with Data Protection Laws.
11. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS.
11.1. Insofar as Personal Data is collected from End Users located within the territory of the EEA or the UK by either party during the course of the Agreement, neither party shall process any Personal Data (nor permit any Personal Data to be processed) in a country outside of the EEA or the UK unless: (i) that country has been designated by the European Commission or the ICO (as applicable) as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Data; or (ii) it has taken such measures as necessary to ensure the transfer is compliant with EU Data Protection Laws.
11.2. The parties agree that, to the extent that Section 11.1 is applicable, the Controller SCCs shall be incorporated by reference into this DSA and shall govern any international transfer of Personal Data outside of the EEA and the UK. For the purpose of the Controller SCCs, the parties fully agree that:
(i) Outbrain is the "Data Exporter" and DSP, the "Data Importer";
(ii) Clause 7 “Docking clause” is deleted;
(iii) The OPTION under Clause 11 “Redress” is deleted;
(iv) Clause 17 “Governing Law” is completed with “Republic of Ireland”
(v) Clause 18 (b) “Choice of forum and jurisdiction” is completed with “Dublin, Republic of Ireland”;
(vi) Annex I to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed with Annex I to this DSA; and
(vii) Annex II to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed Annex II to this DSA.
(viii) Insofar as the transfer is subject to UK GDPR, the UK SCCs Addendum are incorporated by reference into this DSA in addition to the above, and Section 19 of the UK SCCs Addendum is completed with “the Data Exporter”.
11.3. DSP warrants that it has implemented supplementary measures complying with all requirements of EU Data Protection Laws.
12. TERM AND TERMINATION.
This DSA shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue as long as Outbrain provides the Partner Inventory to DSP.
13. DATA RETENTION.
DSP
shall not retain any individual data point collected in relation to the Agreement for longer than necessary, and in no event for longer than 13 months.
14. MISCELLANEOUS.
14.1. Neither party shall be in breach of this DSA nor liable for delay in performing, or failure to perform, any of its obligations under the Agreement if such delay or failure results from events, circumstances or causes beyond its reasonable control.
14.2. Failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy under this DSA shall not constitute a waiver of such (or any other) right or remedy under this DSA, the Agreement or Data Protection Laws.
14.3. DSP shall not assign or otherwise transfer its rights or its obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Outbrain.
14.4. Except as expressly stated otherwise and to the extent applicable under Data Protection Laws, nothing in this DSA shall create or confer any rights or other benefits in favor of any person other than a party to this DSA.
14.5. The invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of any term of this DSA shall not affect the remainder of the DSA.
14.6. This DSA shall be governed by the laws specified in the applicable Programmatic Access Enrollment Form.
ANNEX I
Description of Processing Activities
This Annex forms part of the DSA and describes the processing of Personal Data by Outbrain. When Section 11.1 of the DSA applies, Annex I to the Controller SCCs shall be deemed to have been completed with this Annex.
A. LIST OF PARTIES
Data Exporter:
Outbrain name, address and contact details as stated in the Programmatic Access Enrollment Form.
Activities relevant to the data transferred: Online advertising exchange allowing the purchase of a Partner Inventory.
Independent Controller.
Data Importer:
DSP with address and contact details as stated in the Programmatic Access Enrollment Form.
Activities relevant to the data transferred: Digital advertising services.
Independent Controller.
B. DESCRIPTION OF TRANSFER
Categories of Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred:
End Users (Data Subjects who visit or use the Partner Inventory or interact with DSP’s clients’ advertising materials served by DSP on Partner Inventory).
Categories of Personal Data transferred:
Bid request unique identifier
Outbrain or DSP unique identifier
IP address
User Agent data, browser and device type (desktop/mobile, brand, model, operating system and system version), application version, application ID or package name)
Device advertising identifiers
Pages, content visited and events
Time of visit
Broad location
Device time zone
Sensitive data transferred:
No Special Categories of Personal Data are transferred.
Frequency of the transfer:
Real time,
continuous basis.
Nature of the processing:
Receiving data, including collection, accessing, retrieval, recording, and data entry;
Holding data, including storage, organization and structuring;
Using data, including analyzing, consultation, testing, automated decision making and profiling;
Updating data, including correcting, adaptation, alteration, alignment and combination;
Protecting data, including restricting, encrypting, and security testing;
Sharing data, including disclosure, dissemination, allowing access or otherwise making available;
Returning data to the Data Exporter or Data Subject;
Erasing data, including destruction and deletion.
Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further processing:
Delivering DSP’s clients’ advertising materials to End Users, which may include personalized advertising upon a valid legal basis.
Retention period:
An individual data point shall not be retained for longer than
necessary, and in no event for longer than
13 months.
Recipients:
As list provided by the DSP in the Programmatic Access Enrollment Form.
C. COMPETENT SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
In the UK: The Information Commissioner’s Office.
In the EEA: The Supervisory Authority of the Member State in which the Data Subjects whose Personal Data is transferred under this Agreement are located.
ANNEX II
Technical and Organizational Measures
As described by the DSP’s Technical and Organizational Measures provided with the Programmatic Access Enrollment Form.
Engage Master Services Agreement
Engage Code on Page Terms
Engage Header Bidding Terms
Engage Video Terms
Supply Side Platform Terms
Engage Data Sharing Agreement
SSP Data Sharing Agreement
Engage Terms
Effective December 17th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Standard Partner Distribution Terms
Effective 1 March 2024
The Engage Terms vary according to the country where your billing address is located. Please use your billing country below to view the applicable Engage Terms.
My billing address is located in:
United States of America
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Ter
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Channel Islands
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos Island
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Ter
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Great Britain
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Hawaii
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea South
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malaysia
Malawi
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Midway Islands
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Nambia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherland Antilles
Netherlands (Holland, Europe)
Nevis
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau Island
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Montenegro
Republic of Serbia
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
St Barthelemy
St Eustatius
St Helena
St Kitts-Nevis
St Lucia
St Maarten
St Pierre & Miquelon
St Vincent & Grenadines
Saipan
Samoa
Samoa American
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks & Caicos Is
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (Brit)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wake Island
Wallis & Futana Is
Yemen
Zaire
Zambia
The following Standard Partner Distribution Terms (“Terms”) govern the implementation and use of the products, services, and technology made available by Outbrain to the Partner identified in the Partner Enrollment Form.
1. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS.
1.1 “Ads.txt” means an authorised digital sellers text file. All references to Ads.txt include App-ads.txt.
1.2 "Advertiser Recs" means Recommendations (that are not Recirculation Recs) in the Outbrain network submitted by Outbrain’s advertisers.
1.3 “Application” means a self-contained software program designed to run on a mobile device including a phone or tablet.
1.4 "Content" means graphical, textual, and/or auditory content (which may include text, data, information, photos, images, graphics, audio, video or other content).
1.5 “Cards” means the formats available through the Technology where Recommendations appear.
1.6 "Data" means all data collected or generated by Outbrain through the Technology, including any reports or other data made available to Partner in connection with the Agreement.
1.7 "Destination Page" means any webpage or other online location (which may be located on a Partner Site(s) or another website or Application) that may be accessed by clicking on Recommendations.
1.8 "End Users" means individual human viewers of a web page, Application and/or platform of the Partner Sites on which the Technology is implemented.
1.9 “Intellectual Property Rights” includes any invention, discovery, concept, expression or work, whether or not patented or patentable, registered or not, including, without limitation, discoveries, compositions, know-how, procedures, technical information, processes, methods, formulas, algorithms, protocols, techniques, designs and drawings, trade dresses, any physical embodiment thereof, and any patents, copyrights, trademarks, industrial designs and utility models, (and applications or extensions therefore), domains and trade secrets or similar rights to aforementioned rights recognised in any jurisdiction now or in the future.
1.10 "Partner Sites" means the web properties, Applications or platforms identified in the Partner Enrollment Form, together with any additional properties on which Partner elects to implement the Technology upon prior written approval from Outbrain (e-mail will suffice).
1.11 "Recirculation Recs" means Recommendations (that are not Advertiser Recs) which link to Content on Partner Sites.
1.12 "Recommendations" means the display of Advertiser Recs and/or Recirculation Recs via Cards that Outbrain delivers to the viewer of a web page, Application or platform on which the Technology is implemented.
1.13 "Revenue" means net revenue generated from Advertiser Recs and charged by Outbrain for the display of such Advertiser Recs in the Outbrain network.
1.14 "Technology" means Outbrain’s Javascript, API, SDK and associated protocols that, when implemented on websites and Applications, displays the user interface managed by Outbrain’s proprietary optimization technology for serving, selecting and ordering Cards.
1.15 “Updates” means updates, modifications, or improvements to the Technology from time to time in Outbrain’s sole discretion, including, but not limited to, adding Ads.txt lines and any other similar industry standards.
1.16 "OB Generated Links” means an End User page view on a Partner Site generated from a referral link of OBNews.Outbrain.com (or successor link or an additional link(s) which may be provided by Outbrain from time to time).
2. TECHNOLOGY; PLACEMENT AND APPEARANCE.
2.1 Partner shall implement the Technology (including Outbrain’s provided Ads.txt) pursuant to Outbrain’s technical instructions and any implementation guides made available by Outbrain, as revised from time to time. Outbrain, in its sole discretion, may determine which of Outbrain’s available Technology (e.g., JS, API, SDK or any other equivalent) shall be used in each Partner implementation. Implementations of the Technology must appear directly below the main Content on each page of the Partner Sites on which the Technology is installed or as otherwise mutually agreed in writing (e-mail shall suffice). Implementation must include at least one (1) link to Advertiser Recs per page unless otherwise agreed in writing.
2.2 Partner shall display the Technology throughout the Term in accordance with all self-regulatory codes and applicable laws and regulations, including with respect to disclosing the source or nature of the Recommendations. Without limiting the foregoing obligation, Partner agrees to comply with Outbrain’s reasonable instructions regarding how the Technology is to be displayed, labelled or identified.
2.3 Outbrain may make Updates from time to time. If Outbrain requests Partner to implement any such Updates, Partner shall make such Updates within thirty (30) calendar days of receipt of notice from Outbrain. If Partner can demonstrate such Updates would materially and adversely affect the performance of the Partner Sites, Outbrain may either address Partner’s concerns to its reasonable satisfaction or agree not to require Partner to implement such Updates.
2.4 During the Term, Outbrain shall be Partner's sole and exclusive provider of direct and indirect content recommendations, where “content recommendations” are one or more paid or unpaid links comprised of a headline or phrase indicating that an End User will be driven to Content (regardless of whether the Destination Page displays content, advertorials or advertisements).
2.5 Outbrain may drive End Users to Partner Sites generating additional Partner Site page views via OB Generated Links or Recirculation Recs. If an End User clicks on an Advertiser Rec from an OB Generated Link, Partner shall not be compensated for any advertising revenue generated by such page views. Any display of Recirculation Recs will require Outbrain’s prior written approval (email will suffice), which may be conditioned on a minimum Advertiser Rec implementation or other fees.
2.6 Outbrain may test changes to the Technology, including to Card ordering, format and frequency. To the extent that Partner controls any testing, Partner shall comply with such testing requests on at least a quarterly basis.
3. REVENUE & PAYMENT.
3.1 During the Term, Partner will be paid as set forth on the Partner Enrollment Form. For the avoidance of doubt, Revenue is net of, inter alia, advertiser fees, third-party data services integrated into Outbrain’s platform, invalid clicks/impressions, and advertiser and agency discounts/rebates.
3.2 Partner must promptly provide Outbrain completed and accurate tax forms and all other similar materials Outbrain requires, which may include tax form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or W-9 if applicable (collectively all such forms and materials, “Tax Materials”). Notwithstanding anything set forth to the contrary in this Agreement, Outbrain may (a) withhold payments owed to Partner hereunder without penalty or late fee until Outbrain has received Partner’s Tax Materials, and (b) deduct any applicable taxes payable by Outbrain from payments owed to Partner hereunder as required by law. Once Outbrain has received the Tax Materials, Outbrain will use commercially reasonable efforts to pay any amounts not paid to Partner pursuant to the foregoing subsection (a) as soon as reasonably practicable.
3.3 To ensure proper payment, Partner is responsible for notifying Outbrain in writing of accurate contact and payment information. Partner is also responsible for any charges assessed by Partner’s bank or payment provider. If the amount owed to Partner is less than GBP200, then the amount owed will be accrued if and until the calendar month in which the balance of the payments due to Partner exceeds GBP200. Any dispute regarding a payment from Outbrain must be submitted to Outbrain in writing within thirty (30) calendar days of postage or wire transfer date of such payment or it shall be deemed waived. If Outbrain does not receive an invoice from Partner within six (6) months of the date of the Statement issued to Partner, such fees shall be considered waived.
3.4 In addition to Outbrain’s other rights and remedies, Outbrain may (i) withhold and offset any payments owed to Partner under the Agreement (including in case of a material breach) against any fees Partner owes Outbrain under the Agreement or any other agreement), and/or (ii) require Partner to refund Outbrain within thirty (30) calendar days of any invoice, any amounts Outbrain may have overpaid to Partner in prior periods. If an Outbrain advertiser or client whose Advertiser Recs were displayed on any Partner Sites defaults on payment to Outbrain, for any reason, Outbrain may withhold payment or charge back Partner’s account.
4.     PRIVACY.
The provisions of the
Engage Data Sharing Agreement
shall be fully incorporated into, and form part of, this Agreement.
5. LICENSE TERMS.
5.1 During the Term and subject to Partner’s compliance with all of the terms of the Agreement, Outbrain grants Partner a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-sublicensable, non- transferable licence to use the Technology to display the Advertiser Recs, and to the extent permitted by Section 2.5 Recirculation Recs, on Partner Sites in the form and format provided.
5.2 Outbrain grants Partner, during the Term, a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use and display Outbrain’s trademarks, service marks and logos (collectively, “Outbrain Marks”), as incorporated into the Technology, strictly in accordance with Partner’s obligations and rights in the Agreement. All goodwill arising out of Partner’s use of any of the Outbrain Marks shall inure solely to the benefit of Outbrain. Outbrain shall have the right to refer to Partner and the Partner Sites in any general listing of advertisers or partners (including in marketing and sales materials) who have implemented the Technology. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party will request prior written consent before issuing a press release regarding the Agreement or using the other party’s name on its website other than in accordance with the Agreement.
5.3 As between the parties: (a) Outbrain retains all right, title and interest in and to the Outbrain Marks, Technology and Data (excluding any Content from the Partner Sites which shall be owned by Partner), the Outbrain site at
www.outbrain.com
and the Dashboard; and (b) Partner retains all right, title and interest in and to the Partner Sites including the look and feel excluding the items described in subparagraph (a) above.
5.4 The licences granted under the Agreement are specifically set forth in the Agreement; there are no implied rights. All rights not expressly granted to Partner in the Agreement are reserved by Outbrain.
6. PROHIBITED ACTIVITY.
6.1 Partner will not: (i) edit, modify, truncate, filter, or change the order of Recommendations; (ii) obscure, modify or redirect End Users away from a Destination Page, or intersperse any Content between the Recommendations and any Destination Page; (iii) minimise, remove or otherwise inhibit the full and complete display of the Technology; (iv) artificially inflate clicks or impressions on Recommendations, or encourage or require any person to click on Recommendations using incentives or other methods and/or engage in any automated, deceptive, fraudulent, invalid, incentivised, or other methods that are designed to generate clicks which are not the willing actions of End Users; (v) remove, deface, obscure, or alter any notices of Intellectual Property Rights included in the Technology; (vi) access, reproduce or use the Technology in any manner or for any purpose other than as expressly permitted under the Agreement; (vii) modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble the Technology or otherwise attempt to derive source code from the Technology, or attempt to create a substitute or similar service or product through use of or access to Technology or related proprietary information or otherwise use the Technology on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party; (viii) attempt to interfere with or disrupt the Technology or attempt to gain access to any systems or networks that connect to it other than through the Technology as implemented pursuant to the Agreement; (ix) copy, cache, distribute, display, alter, or otherwise use any Recommendations (or authorise or assist any third party to do so) except as such Recommendations are provided through the Technology; or (x) use the Technology for any purpose not authorised by Outbrain, including for any purpose that is inconsistent with the implementation guidelines as provided to Partner.
6.2 Partner will not deploy the Technology on any properties that display or contain adult, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, libellous, infringing, abusive, fake or deceptive or illegal Content, that promotes hate or discrimination, facilitates the sale of firearms or illegal drugs, or that participates or encourages participation in, illegal activities or is directed at children under of the age of 16. Outbrain reserves the right in its sole discretion to disable the Technology on any property at any time.
7.     REGISTRATION.
Partner may register for the Outbrain dashboard (the “Dashboard”) to access online reports and control certain settings for the Technology. To the extent that Partner has access to the Dashboard, Outbrain may collect Partner’s (or individuals who act on behalf of Partner) personally identifiable information associated with such Dashboard access. For further information on how we may collect and use our business partner's personally identifiable information, please see our Business Partner Privacy Policy. Partner will be solely responsible for all changes to data made by it, or individuals acting on Partner’s behalf, through the Dashboard. Estimates of Revenue paid or payable Partner displayed in the Dashboard are provided solely for the Partner’s convenience. Outbrain does not guarantee that these estimated amounts displayed, if any, shall be precise or definitively due to be paid to Partner pursuant to the Agreement. Access to Outbrain dashboard shall be solely at the discretion of Outbrain and may be discontinued by Outbrain at any time.
8. SUSPENSION OF TECHNOLOGY; TERMINATION.
8.1 Outbrain may suspend or discontinue all or any aspect of the Technology, including its availability, at any time if required by exigent circumstances (such as a significant security breach, propagation of malware, other viruses to users, etc.) or other improper, unlawful, fraudulent or misleading circumstances.
8.2 Either party may terminate the Agreement at any time in the event of a material breach by the other party of any provision of the Agreement that remains uncured for fourteen (14) days after the breaching party’s receipt of written notice of the breach.
8.3 The Agreement is terminable on fourteen (14) days prior written notice unless otherwise stated on the Partner Enrollment Form. In addition, Outbrain may terminate the Agreement if the Technology is not implemented within thirty (30) days of Outbrain providing the Technology to Partner. Upon expiration or termination of the Agreement, all rights and obligations of the parties under the Agreement will be extinguished, except that Sections 9.6, 9.7, 10, 11 and 13 of the Terms will survive termination, as well as any other terms of this Agreement which, by their nature should survive termination, and continue to bind the parties.
9. LIMITED WARRANTIES; INDEMNITY.
9.1 Each party represents and warrants to the other that: (i) it has all right, power, and authority necessary to enter into the Agreement and perform its obligations under it; and (ii) it will comply with all applicable laws, regulations and orders in its performance of the Agreement.
9.2 Outbrain warrants that the Technology (as provided and made available by Outbrain and implemented by Partner in accordance with the Agreement) does not and will not, to the best of Outbrain's knowledge, infringe any Intellectual Property Right of any third party.
9.3 Partner represents and warrants that the Partner Sites: (i) owns or has the right to operate the Partner Site(s); (ii) will adhere to the
Outbrain Partner Guidelines
and/or to the Partner’s own guidelines which shall be substantially similar to Outbrains’; (iii) do not and will not contain any Content that is illegal or that infringes any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; (iv) will not contain any obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous material or material that violates any person’s right of publicity, privacy or personality; and (v) do not and will not knowingly contain a misrepresentation of fact or factual inaccuracy.
9.4 Nothing in the Agreement shall be construed as a promise of any sort of minimum traffic volumes, clicks, impressions or usage or any other such commitments by Outbrain to Partner.
9.5 Except as expressly provided in the Agreement, neither party makes any representations or warranties, express or implied in relation to the Agreement, the Partner Sites, the Technology, any Content made available by Outbrain through the Technology or any other matters (including any implied terms relating to satisfactory quality or fitness for any purpose, any warranties of availability or uninterrupted or error free performance, any warranties arising out of any course of performance or dealing).
9.6 Outbrain makes no representations or warranties concerning any Content contained in or accessed via the Technology, including without limitation Advertiser Recs, and Outbrain will not be responsible or liable for the contents, accuracy, intellectual property infringement, legality or decency of Content provided through the Technology or for Partner’s reliance on any of the foregoing.
9.7 Each party (the “Indemnifying Party”) shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other party and its parent and affiliates, and each of its and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, members, authorised representatives, employees and agents (collectively, the “Indemnified Party”) from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, settlements, regulatory findings and/or fines and other expenses (including reasonable legal fees) (collectively, “Claims”) that arise out of any third party claim occasioned by any breach of any of the Indemnifying Party’s representations and warranties in this Agreement. The Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Indemnifying Party of any Claim in writing, provided, however, that any delay in providing such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of any of its obligations except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is prejudiced by such delay. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the defence and settlement of the Claim with counsel of its own choosing and its own expense, subject to the Indemnifying Party’s control thereof.
10.  CONFIDENTIALITY. Each party (the “Receiving Party”) acknowledges that it will have access to certain information and materials, including the terms of the Agreement, concerning the business, technology, products and services of the other party (the “Disclosing Party”) that are, or reasonably should be considered given the circumstances of disclosure to be, confidential (“Confidential Information”). Confidential Information will not include: (a) information known to the Receiving Party prior to disclosure by the Disclosing Party; (b) information independently developed by the Receiving Party without reference to Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party; (c) information that is or becomes publicly known through no fault of the Receiving Party; or (d) information disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third party without breach of any obligation of confidence. Except as permitted hereunder, the Receiving Party (i) will not use any Confidential Information for its own benefit or the benefit of any third party, and (ii) will not disclose any Confidential Information to any third party other than its directors, employees, contractors, advisors, investors or potential investors who have a need to know and who have agreed not to use, and to maintain the confidentiality of, the Confidential Information consistent with this Section 10. The Receiving Party will return or destroy the Confidential Information promptly upon the Disclosing Party’s written request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent required by applicable law or legal process, provided that the Receiving Party provides prompt written notice of any required disclosure to the Disclosing Party and provides reasonable cooperation (at the Disclosing Party’s expense) with any effort by the Disclosing Party to contest or limit the scope of such disclosure.
11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
11.1 Neither Outbrain nor the Partner exclude or limit liability to the other for: (i) death or personal injury caused by its negligence or that of its employees or contractors; (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (iii) any other liability which cannot lawfully be excluded or limited.
11.2 Subject always to Section 11.1, neither party will be liable for: (a) any special, indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damage; (b) any loss of goodwill or reputation; (c) any loss of Data; (d) any loss of contracts, business or anticipated savings; or (e) any loss of profits arising out of or in connection with the Agreement or any breach hereof, whether or not such party has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage, howsoever incurred and whether under a theory of contract, tort (including negligence) statutory duty or otherwise.
11.3 Subject always to Section 11.1 and except for liabilities arising out of a party’s violation, misappropriation or infringement of a party’s Intellectual Property Rights, in no event will either party’s aggregate liability arising out of or in connection with the Agreement or any breach (whether under a theory of contract, tort (including negligence), statutory duty, or otherwise) exceed the  greater of: (i) £100,000 GBP; and (ii) the amount of Revenue paid or payable to the Partner in the 12-month period immediately preceding the event giving rise to liability (or, in the case of a series of connected events, the first such event).
11.4 Each party acknowledges to each other that it accepts that the restrictions on the liability of each other party, as set out in the Agreement, are reasonable in all the circumstances.
12.  EXPORT CONTROLS.
Partner will comply with all export laws and restrictions and regulations of the Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), or other United States or foreign agency or authority, and shall not export, or allow the export or re-export of the Technology in violation of any such restrictions, laws or regulations. By downloading or using the Technology, Partner agrees to the foregoing and represent and warrants that it is not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any restricted country. Partner represents and warrants that none of it, or any individual, entity, or organisation holding any ownership interest or controlling interest in Partner, including any officer or director, is an individual, entity, organisation with whom any United States law, regulation, or executive order prohibits U.S. companies and individuals from dealing, including, names appearing on the Specially Designated Nationals List.
13.         MISCELLANEOUS.
The Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of England and Wales, without regard to its conflict of law provisions or the United Nations Conventions for the International Sale of Goods. Any action or proceeding arising from or relating to the Agreement must be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of English courts. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any of the provisions of the Agreement is not performed in accordance with these specific terms. Accordingly, the parties agree that each shall be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of the Agreement, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. The parties are independent contractors, and nothing in the Agreement will be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, agency or other relationship between the parties. No failure or forbearance by a party to enforce any of its rights under the Agreement or insist upon performance of the other party’s obligations under the Agreement will be deemed a waiver of such rights or obligations to any extent, and no waiver by either party of any default or breach of the Agreement will constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent default or breach. Neither party will be liable for any failure to perform due to causes beyond the party's reasonable control. The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning its subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings, written or verbal, concerning such subject matter. The parties to this Agreement do not intend that any term of this Agreement should be enforceable, by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise, by any person who is not a Party to this Agreement. The Partner Enrollment Form may be amended, modified or superseded, only by a written instrument signed by both parties. The headings in the Agreement are for the convenience of reference only and have no legal effect. Any reference to days in the Agreement shall be deemed business days unless otherwise specified. The Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. If any provision of the Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, failing which, it shall be severed from the Agreement and the balance of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. Neither party may assign the Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the other party’s prior written consent, except (i) due to operation of law, merger, reorganisation, or as a result of an acquisition or change of control, and (ii) by Outbrain to its subsidiaries. Subject to the foregoing, the Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors and assigns.
Effective August 6th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Effective August 6th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Effective August 12th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Effective August 6th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Effective August 6th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Effective August 6th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Engage Master Services Agreement
Engage Code on Page Terms
Engage Header Bidding Terms
Engage Video Terms
Supply Side Platform Terms
Engage Data Sharing Agreement
SSP Data Sharing Agreement
Engage Terms
Effective August 20th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
CODE ON PAGE TERMS
The Code on Page Terms (“
COP Terms
”) are incorporated by reference into the applicable SOW. To the extent of any conflict between the SOW and the COP Terms and the MSA Terms, the terms of the SOW, the COP Terms and then the MSA Terms shall prevail, in such order.
1.    DEFINITIONS.
1.1. “
Card(s)
” means the formats available through the Technology where Recommendations appear.
1.2. "
Destination Page
" means any webpage or other online location (which may be located on a Partner Site(s) or another website or application) that may be accessed by clicking on Recommendations.
1.3. “
Revenue
" means net revenue generated from Advertiser Recs and charged by Outbrain for the display of such Advertiser Recs in the Outbrain network.
2.    TECHNOLOGY; PLACEMENT AND APPEARANCE.
2.1. Partner shall implement the Technology (including Outbrain’s Ads.txt) pursuant to Outbrain’s technical instructions and any implementation guides made available by Outbrain, as revised from time to time. Implementations of the Technology must appear directly below the main Content on each page of the Partner Sites on which the Technology is installed or as otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties (e-mail shall suffice). Implementation must include at least one (1) link to Advertiser Recs per page unless otherwise agreed in writing.
2.2. Outbrain may terminate the Agreement if the Technology is not implemented within thirty (30) days of Outbrain providing the Technology to Partner. The SOW is automatically terminated if the Technology is removed from Partner Site(s) for more than thirty (30) days without Outbrain’s prior written approval.
2.3. During the Term, Outbrain shall be Partner's sole and exclusive provider of direct and indirect content recommendations, where “content recommendations” are one or more paid or unpaid links comprised of a headline or phrase indicating that an End User will be driven to Content (regardless of whether the Destination Page displays content, advertorials or advertisements).
2.4. Outbrain may test changes to the Technology, including to Card ordering, format and frequency. To the extent that Partner controls any testing, Partner shall comply with such testing requests on at least a quarterly basis.
3.    REVENUE & PAYMENT.
During the Term, Partner will be paid the percentage of Revenue indicated on the SOW for the applicable placement(s). Outbrain shall make such payments within the number of days indicated on the SOW after the end of any calendar month during which Outbrain collects Revenue. For the avoidance of doubt, Revenue is net of, inter alia, advertiser fees, serving fees, third-party data services integrated into Outbrain’s platform, invalid clicks/impressions, and advertiser and agency discounts/rebates.
Engage Master Services Agreement
Engage Code on Page Terms
Engage Header Bidding Terms
Engage Video Terms
Supply Side Platform Terms
Engage Data Sharing Agreement
SSP Data Sharing Agreement
Engage Terms
Effective October 25th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
SUPPLY SIDE PLATFORM TERMS
The Supply Side Platform Terms (“
SSP Terms
”) govern Outbrain’s participation in an auction to purchase certain digital advertising space or placements on partner sites (the “
SSP Inventory
”) that are made available on a proprietary exchange or marketplace. The SSP Terms are incorporated by reference into the applicable SOW. To the extent of any conflict between the SOW, SSP Terms and the MSA Terms, the terms of the SOW, then the SSP Terms and then the MSA Terms shall apply, in that order.
1.    SSP SERVICES.
1.1.    From the SOW Effective Date for the duration of the SOW Term, Partner will provide the following services to Outbrain (collectively the “
SSP Services
”): (a) Partner will customize and implement an online advertising exchange (the “
Exchange
”) that performs in accordance with the Functional Specifications (as defined below), which Exchange shall allow Outbrain to purchase the SSP Inventory delivered by the Exchange (“Deliverables”) in near real-time by bidding on the impression inventory; and (b) Partner will host the Exchange, either directly or on Partner’s behalf.
1.2.    An auction shall be completed in connection with each bid request as follows: (i) the bid, as applicable, shall compete in near real time with other bids submitted to the Exchange through the Services for the deliverable that forms the subject of the bid request; (ii) In the event that such bid wins the auction, an advertisement shall be delivered (also in near real time) to the applicable website, all in accordance with the winning bid; and (iii) the winning bid will be determined on a reasonable basis that treats all bidder equally (the “
Functional Specifications
”).
1.3. Partner will provide maintenance services for the Exchange and as necessary will provide customization and support services, including reasonable education and support, during normal business hours, to Outbrain. Partner shall provide Outbrain, without any further charge, all updates (comprising general bug fixes and minor enhancements) and upgrades (comprising enhancements and major functionality changes) for the SSP Services or Exchange reflecting improvements made to the underlying technology upon the implementation of such updates and upgrades to the SSP Services or Exchange Maintenance. Partner may occasionally be required to suspend the SSP Services or Exchange to provide maintenance services. Partner shall provide Outbrain with no less than ten (10) business days advanced written notice of any such suspension.
2.    LICENSE GRANT.
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Partner hereby grants Outbrain a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access and use the SSP Services. Outbrain agrees that it will not, knowingly: (a) resell, license, lease, time-share, distribute or otherwise transfer to any third party its right to access and use the SSP Services, (b) reverse engineer, decompile or dissemble the SSP Services, (c) modify, copy or create derivative works of SSP Services (or any part thereof), or (d) access or use SSP Services for the purpose of building a competitive product or service or copying its features or user interface or authorize or permit a direct competitor to do so. Partner retains all right, title, and interest in and to the SSP Services and Exchange, including all patent rights, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how and any other proprietary rights recognized in any jurisdiction, including registrations, applications, renewals and extensions thereof (the “
Intellectual Property Rights
”), Except as expressly provided herein, nothing in this Agreement will be construed to confer any ownership interest, license, sale, or other rights upon Partner or Outbrain (as applicable) by implication, estoppel or otherwise, as to any Intellectual Property Rights of the other party or any third party.
3.    ACCEPTANCE.
The Exchange shall conform to the OpenRTB Native Standard in effect from time to time and the Functional Specifications. Outbrain will review, test (including in respect of functionality, performance, and usability) and either approve or reject the Exchange. Outbrain will provide the relevant reasons for any rejection, suggesting modifications as appropriate, on an iterative basis, and Partner will correct and re-deliver the Exchange until it is in a form acceptable to Outbrain. In the event that the Exchange does not meet Outbrain’s final reasonable approval, Outbrain may terminate this Agreement upon written notice to Partner.
4.     CONTENT.
4.1.    Partner acknowledges and agrees that it does not have any rights or title to any of the intellectual property rights contained Content provided by Outbrain via the Exchange (“
Outbrain Advertiser Content
”), except for the right to display the Outbrain Advertiser Content on the websites in accordance with this Agreement and Partner agrees that it will not use the advertising materials for any other purpose. Further, Partner may not alter the advertising materials in any way.
4.2. Partner represents and warrants that (a) all Content displayed via the SSP Inventory will adhere to the
Outbrain Partner Guidelines
(as up dated from time to time) and/or to the Partner’s own guidelines which shall be substantially similar to Outbrains’; (b) the SSP Inventory does not and will not contain any Content that is: (i) illegal, (ii) infringes any Intellectual Property Right of any third party, (iii) is obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous material or material that violates any person’s right of publicity, privacy or personality, or (iv) knowingly contains a misrepresentation of fact or factual inaccuracy; (c) each site in the SSP inventory will not violate any applicable laws, regulations and self-regulatory guidelines; and (d) it will properly categorize the inventory type for the site ID of each site in the SSP Inventory in accordance with the
IAB guidelines
as updated from time
5.    REVENUE AND PAYMENT.
Outbrain will pay Partner in accordance with this Agreement and as set forth in the applicable SOW. All payments are in US dollars. Outbrain will pay Partner within sixty (60) business days of receipt of a valid invoice. If there is any disagreement with respect to any discrepancies related to the payment to Partner hereunder of ten percent (10%) or more, Partner shall notify Outbrain in writing and provide reasonable reporting upon request, following which the parties agree to work in good faith to resolve the dispute.
6.    PRIVACY.
The provisions of the
SSP Data Sharing Agreement
shall be fully incorporated into, and form part of, this Agreement. To the extent of conflict between this SSP Data Sharing Agreement and any other Data Sharing Agreement, the SSP Data Sharing Agreement shall prevail in respect of any services provided pursuant to these SSP Terms.
7.    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.
7.1.    Partner represents and warrants that: (a) nothing in the SSP Services or Exchange infringes any intellectual property (copyright, author’s rights, trademark, etc.), personal right (right of privacy, right of publicity, defamation, etc.) or other proprietary right of any person nor do the Services or Exchange violate any local, state or federal law of the United States or any applicable international jurisdiction; (b) Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the SSP Services according to the terms of this Agreement; (c) Partner shall not place ads and it will not allow to place ads from Outbrain by injecting them into third party web pages or apps through browser extensions, injection proxies or other similar mechanisms; and (d) Partner has all necessary rights and permissions to grant licenses in the SSP Services to Outbrain.
Engage Master Services Agreement
Engage Code on Page Terms
Engage Header Bidding Terms
Engage Video Terms
Supply Side Platform Terms
Engage Data Sharing Agreement
SSP Data Sharing Agreement
Engage Terms
Effective August 20th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
HEADER BIDDING TERMS
The Header Bidding Terms (“
HB Terms
”) are incorporated by reference into the applicable SOW. To the extent of any conflict between the SOW, the HB Terms and the Master Terms, the terms of the SOW, then the HB Terms and then the Master shall apply in such order.
1.     DEFINITIONS.
1.1. “
Advertiser(s)
” means advertisers, agencies or other third-party sources of advertising demand.
1.2. “
Bid
” means, with respect to a particular auction, the price of the bid entered in a Unified Auction Service by Outbrain (or Advertiser’s) (always calculated back to a CPM rate).
1.3. “
Bid Request
” means a request from Partner, facilitated by Outbrain, sent to Advertisers to Bid on Partner Inventory.
1.4. “
CPM
” means cost per thousand Impressions.
1.5. “
Impression
” means each unique time an Advertiser Rec is actually displayed on a Partner Site through the Unified Auction Services, as determined by Outbrain.
1.6. "
Partner Inventory
" means the Partner Site(s) stated in the applicable SOW, as may be made available to Outbrain by Partner through a Unified Auction Service.
1.7. “
U
nified Auction
” means any programmatic auction for Partner Inventory that occurs within any Unified Auction Service in which Outbrain participates.
1.8. “
Unified Auction Service
” means a service or integration, which may be operated by a third party, that facilitates a programmatic auction, wherein programmatic supply-side partners and other programmatic buyers’ bid for Partner Inventory on behalf of Advertisers.
2.    FUNCTIONAL SPECIFICATIONS.
2.1. From the SOW Effective Date, Partner will enable Outbrain to and Outbrain shall be entitled to Bid on the Partner Sites in accordance with the Functional Specifications (as defined below).
2.2. A Unified Auction shall be completed in connection with each Bid Request as follows: (i) the Bid, as applicable, shall compete in near real time with other Bids submitted to the Unified Auction through the Unified Auction Services for the deliverable that forms the subject of the Bid Request; and (ii) in the event that such bid wins the auction, an Advertising Rec shall be delivered to the applicable Partner Site, all in accordance with the winning Bid(the “
Functional Specifications
”).
2.3. Partner agrees that during the Term it will submit all the information about the placement type (Placement type ID) according to
OpenRTB Native Standards
in effect from time to time.
3.    FEES and PAYMENT.
3.1. During the Term, Partner will be paid per the terms of the applicable SOW. Partner shall not modify (e.g., increase or decrease) Outbrain’s (or Advertiser’s) Bid amount as part of any Unified Auction or provide advantages to other participating bidders which are not available to Outbrain including but not limited to providing higher floor prices to Outbrain. For example, if Outbrain bids $1.00 for an impression, then $1.00 is the exact bid amount that will be used in the Unified Auction.
3.2. Outbrain shall provide reporting to Partner within thirty (30) business days of the end of the calendar month in which activity within a Unified Auction Service concluded. Partner shall invoice Outbrain on a monthly basis based upon Outbrain’s reporting.
3.3. If the difference between Outbrain’s and Partner’s respective measurement exceeds ten percent (10%) over any applicable calendar month, Partner shall notify Outbrain in writing and provide reasonable reporting to Outbrain as proof of such discrepancy, following which the parties shall work in good faith to resolve such discrepancy.
3.4. This section shall not apply if the Google Open Bidding service is used.
Engage Master Services Agreement
Engage Code on Page Terms
Engage Header Bidding Terms
Engage Video Terms
Supply Side Platform Terms
Engage Data Sharing Agreement
SSP Data Sharing Agreement
Engage Terms
Effective August 20th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
VIDEO TERMS
The Video Terms (“Video Terms”) are incorporated by reference into the applicable SOW. To the extent of any conflict between the SOW and the Video Terms, the terms of the SOW shall prevail with respect to such integration.
1.    DEFINITIONS.
1.1.    “
CPM
” means the fixed price per every 1000 Viewable Video Impressions.
1.2.    “
Video Content
” means any video Content provided by (i) Outbrain, (ii) Outbrain’s Content provider partners, (iii) Outbrain Buyer Partners, or (iv) by Partner.
1.3.    “
OB Video Player
” means any type of integration of video player provided by Outbrain across the pages on Partner Site(s) for the dissemination of Video Content.
1.4.    “
Outbrain Buyer Partners
” means all third parties but not limited to advertisers, agencies, demand side partners, and ad networks that Outbrain brings together to purchase ad space and place Video Advertising on the Partner Sites.
1.5.    “
Video Advertising
” means any Content displayed through the Video Service where video is the main Content (e.g., Pre-Roll, Outstream, etc.)
1.6.    “
Video Impression
” means each unique time Video Content begins to play on the Partner Sites through the Video Services and which Video Content Outbrain decides to serve.
1.7.    “
Video Services
” means (i) any type of integration of video player provided by Outbrain across the pages on Partner Site(s); and / or (ii) the provision or facilitation of Video Advertising by Outbrain across the pages on Partner Site(s), including via Partner’s video player.
1.8.     “
Viewable
” means viewability in accordance with the IAB definition for video viewability, as amended from time to time and as calculated by Outbrain.
2.    VIDEO SERVICES.
The Video Services facilitate the placement of Video Content on the various spaces reserved for Video Advertising within the Partner Sites and the display of Video Advertising on the Partner’s Sites using standard display, rich media and video formats, including without limitation Video Content played before, during or after streaming video content ("In-Stream Formats"), and/or video content delivered into non-video content (“
Outstream Formats
”) using Outbrains’ proprietary formats or such other as Outbrain provides from time to time (“
Outbrain Outstream Formats
”).
3.    INVENTORY REQUIREMENTS.
3.1. Partner agrees that the Video Content provided by Outbrain will be placed on all pages and on all traffic of the Partner Site(s) throughout the applicable SOW Term, unless otherwise agreed in the applicable SOW.
3.2. Partner shall be solely responsible for the development, maintenance and operation of the Partner Site’s, and all Video Content created by Partner.
3.3. Partner shall not implement the Outbrain Video Player or any Video Content provided by Outbrain on any page that auto refreshes (i.e. a pageview is not human-initiated). Any Video Impressions on such pages shall be deemed fraudulent and ineligible for compensation by Outbrain.
3.4. Partner represents and warrants that it has executed the most recent version of its Multiple Customer Management (MCM) Form and that Partner has and shall during the Term, comply with Google’s Publisher Policy (as updated from time to time). Partner shall, on Outbrain's written request, provide Outbrain with the most recent version of its Multiple Customer Management (MCM) Form.
3.5. Outbrain may, or may require the Partner to, remove or suspend the Video Service on any Partner Site(s), due to, including but not limited to, Outbrain’s Advertiser’s performance and/or any brand safety issues. In addition, Outbrain may require, by providing written notice to (email shall suffice), that Partner move traffic from one Partner Site to another Partner Site subject to the Terms of this Agreement, based on the then applicable performance of the relevant sites. The Partner will comply with Outbrain’s request within three (3) days from the date of receiving the notice.
4.    GRANTING OF RIGHTS.
4.1. During the applicable SOW Term, Outbrain grants Partner the right to serve the OB Video Player on the Partner Site(s) and to display the Video Content to End Users, subject to the terms of the Agreement.
4.2. Partner acknowledges and agrees that it does not have any rights or title to any of the intellectual property rights contained in Video Content provided by Outbrain, except for the right to display such Video Content on the websites in accordance with this Agreement and Partner agrees that it will not use or alter Video Content provided by Outbrain for any other purpose.
Effective October 25th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
ENGAGE MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT
The Engage Terms vary according to the country where your billing address is located. Please use your billing country below to view the applicable Engage Terms.
My billing address is located in:
United States of America
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Ter
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Channel Islands
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos Island
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Ter
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Great Britain
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Hawaii
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea South
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malaysia
Malawi
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Midway Islands
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Nambia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherland Antilles
Netherlands (Holland, Europe)
Nevis
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau Island
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Montenegro
Republic of Serbia
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
St Barthelemy
St Eustatius
St Helena
St Kitts-Nevis
St Lucia
St Maarten
St Pierre & Miquelon
St Vincent & Grenadines
Saipan
Samoa
Samoa American
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks & Caicos Is
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (Brit)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wake Island
Wallis & Futana Is
Yemen
Zaire
Zambia
1.    DEFINITIONS.
1.1.    “
Ads.txt
” means an authorized digital seller's text file. All references to Ads.txt include App-ads.txt.
1.2.    "
Advertiser Recs
" means Recommendations (that are not Recirculation Recs) in the Outbrain network submitted by Outbrains advertisers.
1.3.    "
Content
" means graphical, textual, and/or auditory content (which may include text, data, information, photos, images, graphics, audio, video or other content).
1.4.    "
Data
" means all data collected or generated pursuant to an SOW including any reports or other data made available to Partner from time to time in connection with the Agreement.
1.5.    "
End Users
" means individual human viewers of a web page, application and/or platform of the Partner Sites.
1.6.    “
Intellectual Property Rights
” includes any invention, discovery, concept, expression or work, whether or not patented or patentable, registered or not, including, without limitation, discoveries, compositions, know-how, procedures, technical information, processes, methods, formulas, algorithms, protocols, techniques, designs and drawings, trade dresses, any physical embodiment thereof, and any patents, copyrights, trademarks, industrial designs and utility models, (and applications or extensions therefore), domains and trade secrets or similar rights to aforementioned rights recognised in any jurisdiction now or in the future.
1.7.    “
OB Generated Links
” means an End User page view on a Partner Site generated from a referral link of OBNews.Outbrain.com (or successor link or an additional link(s) which may be provided by Outbrain from time to time).
1.8.    "
Partner Sites
" means the web properties, applications or platforms identified in the SOW, together with any additional properties on which Partner elects to implement the Technology upon prior written approval from Outbrain (e-mail will suffice).
1.9.    "
Recirculation Recs
" means Recommendations (that are not Advertiser Recs) which link to Content on Partner Sites.
1.10.    "
Recommendations
" means the display of Advertiser Recs and/or Recirculation Recs that Outbrain delivers to End Users of a web page, application or platform.
1.11.    "
Technolog
y
" means, Outbrain’s Javascript, API, SDK, the Outbrain Video Player (as applicable) and associated protocols provided by Outbrain to Partner.
1.12.    “
Updates
” means updates, modifications, or improvements to the Technology from time to time in Outbrain’s sole discretion, including, but not limited to, adding Ads.txt lines and any other similar industry standards.
2.    TECHNOLOGY; PLACEMENT AND APPEARANCE.
2.1. Partner shall, if required by an applicable SOW, implement the Technology (including Outbrain’s provided Ads.txt) pursuant to Outbrain’s technical instructions and any implementation guides made available by Outbrain, as revised from time to time. Outbrain, in its sole discretion, may determine which of Outbrain’s available Technology (e.g. JS, API, SDK, the Outbrain Video Player or any other equivalent) shall be used in each Partner implementation. Implementation which includes Recommendations must (a) appear directly below the main Content on each page of the Partner Sites; or (b) include at least one (1) link to Advertiser Recs per page unless otherwise agreed in writing.
2.2. Partner shall display the Technology throughout the Term in accordance with all self-regulatory codes and applicable laws and regulations, including with respect to disclosing the source or nature of the Recommendations. Without limiting the foregoing obligation, Partner agrees to comply with Outbrain’s reasonable instructions regarding how the Technology is to be displayed, labelled or identified.
2.3. Outbrain may make Updates from time to time. If Outbrain requests Partner to implement any such Updates, Partner shall make such Updates within thirty (30) calendar days of receipt of notice from Outbrain. If Partner can demonstrate such Updates would materially and adversely affect the performance of the Partner Sites, Outbrain may either address Partner’s concerns to it’s reasonable satisfaction or agree not to require Partner to implement such Updates.
2.4. Where applicable, Outbrain may drive End Users to Partner Sites generating additional Partner Site page views via OB Generated Links or Recirculation Recs. If an End User clicks on an Advertiser Rec from an OB Generated Link, Partner shall not be compensated for any advertising revenue generated by such page views. Any display of Recirculation Recs will require Outbrain’s prior written approval (email will suffice), which may be conditioned on a minimum Advertiser Rec implementation or other fees.
2.5.    Outbrain may test changes to the Technology from time to time. To the extent that Partner controls any testing, Partner shall comply with such testing requests on at least a quarterly basis.
3.    REVENUE & PAYMENT.
3.1. During the Term, Partner and/or Outbrain (as applicable) will be paid in accordance with the payment terms and fees indicated in the applicable SOW.
3.2.    Where payment is being made to Partner pursuant to an applicable SOW, Partner must promptly provide Outbrain completed and accurate tax forms and all other similar materials Outbrain requires, which may include tax form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or W-9 if applicable (collectively all such forms and materials, “
Tax Materials
”). Notwithstanding anything set forth to the contrary in this Agreement, Outbrain may (a) withhold payments owed to Partner hereunder without penalty or late fee until Outbrain has received Partner’s Tax Materials, and (b) deduct any applicable taxes payable by Outbrain from payments owed to Partner hereunder as required by law. Once Outbrain has received the Tax Materials, Outbrain will use commercially reasonable efforts to pay any amounts not paid to Partner pursuant to the foregoing subsection (a) as soon as reasonably practicable. If Outbrain does not receive an invoice from Partner within six (6) months of the date of the Statement issued to Partner, such fees shall be considered waived.
3.3. To ensure proper payment to Partner, Partner is responsible for notifying Outbrain in writing of accurate contact and payment information. Partner is also responsible for any charges assessed by Partner’s bank or payment provider. If the amount owed to Partner is less than GBP200, then the amount owed will be accrued if and until the calendar month in which the balance of the payments due to Partner exceeds GBP£200. All payments under this Agreement will be in accordance with Outbrain’s measurements. Any dispute regarding a payment from Outbrain must be submitted to Outbrain in writing within thirty (30) calendar days of postage or wire transfer date of such payment or it shall be deemed waived.
3.4.    In addition to Outbrain’s other rights and remedies, Outbrain may (i) withhold and offset any payments owed to Partner under the Agreement (including in case of a material breach) against any fees Partner owes Outbrain under the Agreement (or any other agreement), or if Partner is in breach of the terms of this Agreement, and/or (ii) require Partner to refund Outbrain within thirty (30) calendar days of any invoice, any amounts Outbrain may have overpaid to Partner in prior periods. If an Outbrain advertiser, client or partner defaults on payment to Outbrain, for any reason, Outbrain may withhold payment or charge back Partner’s account.
4.    PRIVACY.
The provisions of the
Engage Data Sharing Agreement
shall be fully incorporated into, and form part of, this Agreement.
5.    LICENSE TERMS.
5.1. During the Term and subject to Partner’s compliance with all of the terms of the Agreement, Outbrain grants Partner, during the Term, a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use and display Outbrain’s trademarks, service marks and logos (collectively, “
Outbrain Marks
”), as incorporated into the Technology, strictly in accordance with Partner’s obligations and rights in the Agreement. All goodwill arising out of Partner’s use of any of the Outbrain Marks shall inure solely to the benefit of Outbrain. Outbrain shall have the right to refer to Partner and the Partner Sites in any general listing of advertisers or partners (including in marketing and sales materials) who have implemented the Technology. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party will request prior written consent before issuing a press release regarding the Agreement or using the other party’s name on its website other than in accordance with the Agreement.
5.2. As between the parties: (a) Outbrain retains all right, title and interest in and to the Outbrain Marks, Technology and Data (excluding any Content from the Partner Sites which shall be owned by Partner), the Outbrain site at
www.outbrain.com
and the Dashboard; and (b) Partner retains all right, title and interest in and to the Partner Sites including the look and feel excluding the items described in subsection (a) above. The licenses granted under the Agreement are specifically set forth in the Agreement; there are no implied rights. All rights not expressly granted to Partner in the Agreement are reserved by Outbrain.
5.3. PROHIBITED ACTIONS. Partner agrees that it will not, either by itself or by authorizing or encouraging others to do so, directly or indirectly: (a) use, post or promote any Recommendations in association with any material or content which is, or which may reasonably be considered illegal, unlawful or infringing under any applicable laws (including, without limitation, content which infringes a third party copyright (i.e. illegal streaming website) or in breach out
Outbrain’s Partner Guidelines
(as amended from time to time) (b) modify, change, edit, amend, truncate, alter, bypass or reorder any aspect of the Technology or Recommendations; (c) take any action that might impede Outbrain’s provision of the Technology or the Recommendations; (d) generate clicks on Recommendations, or generate page views, that Outbrain believes, in its sole discretion, is through any automated, deceptive, fraudulent or other means that is designed to generate clicks or page views that are not the willing actions of human end users who possess an independent, genuine desire to engage with the content that appears on the relevant page(s), including but not limited to, through (i) repeated manual clicks, use of robots or other automated tools or computer generated requests, (ii) participation in pay-per-click programs, (iii) redirection of search requests to pages that do not contain content reasonably relevant to the search query; (e) copy, crawl, index, cache or store any information derived by Outbrain, or contained in or concerning a Recommendation; (f) in any way minimize or obstruct the display of any Recommendations; or (g) commit fraudulent passing off, including but not limited to spoofing the unique identifier of the ad spot which could be a URL or an app name. Section (d) of the previous sentence shall be deemed to have been violated (x) if traffic is not converting above a certain threshold as determined by Outbrain in its sole discretion or if Partner’s Sites result in low post-click performance, or (y) by any page view that Outbrain determines, in its sole discretion, were the result of transfers or referrals of End Users to a Partner Site where the Technology or Recommendations was installed by a third party content distribution service provider and that resulted in a monthly click-through rate that was less than fifty percent (50%) of the click-through rate experienced by the remainder of the page views where the Technology or Recommendations are installed that occurred on the Partner Site(s) during the same month. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Outbrain shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately and remove the Technology and Recommendations with no further obligations to Partner in the event of any violation of this
Section 5.3.
6.    SUSPENSION OF TECHNOLOGY; TERMINATION.
6.1. Outbrain may suspend or discontinue all or any aspect of the Technology, including its availability, at any time if required by exigent circumstances (such as a significant security breach, propagation of malware, other viruses to users, etc.) or other improper, unlawful, fraudulent misleading circumstances, or Partner’s breach of the terms of the Agreement.
6.2. Either party may terminate the Agreement at any time in the event of a material breach by the other party of any provision of the Agreement that remains uncured for fourteen (14) days after the breaching party’s receipt of written notice of the breach.
6.3.    Upon expiration or termination of the Agreement, all rights and obligations of the parties under the Agreement will be extinguished, except any terms of this Agreement which, by their nature, should survive termination, and continue to bind the parties.
7.    LIMITED WARRANTIES; INDEMNITY.
7.1. Each party represents and warrants to the other that: (i) it has all right, power, and authority necessary to enter into the Agreement and perform its obligations under it; and (ii) it will comply with all applicable laws, regulations and orders in its performance of the Agreement.
7.2. Outbrain warrants that the Technology (as provided and made available by Outbrain and implemented by Partner in accordance with the Agreement) does not and will not, to the best of Outbrain's knowledge, infringe any Intellectual Property Right of any third party.
7.3. Partner represents and warrants that (i) it owns or has the right to operate the Partner Site(s); (ii) it will adhere to the
Outbrain’s Partner Guidelines
(as up dated from time to time) and/or to the Partner’s own guidelines which shall be substantially similar to Outbrains’; (iii) the Partner Sites do not and will not contain any Content that is illegal or that infringes any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; (iv) it has all rights and authority to any Partner Content provided to Outbrain; (v) the Partner Sites will not contain any obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous material or material that violates any person’s right of publicity, privacy or personality; and (vi) the Partner Sites do not and will not knowingly contain a misrepresentation of fact or factual inaccuracy.
7.4. Nothing in the Agreement shall be construed as a promise of any sort of minimum traffic volumes, clicks, impressions or usage or any other such commitments by Outbrain to Partner.
7.5. Except as expressly provided in the Agreement, neither party makes any representations or warranties, express or implied in relation to the Agreement, the Partner Sites, the Technology, any Content made available by Outbrain through the Technology or any other matters (including any implied terms relating to satisfactory quality or fitness for any purpose, any warranties of availability or uninterrupted or error free performance, any warranties arising out of any course of performance or dealing).
7.6. Outbrain makes no representations or warranties concerning any Content contained in or accessed via the Technology, including without limitation Advertiser Recs, and Outbrain will not be responsible or liable for the contents, accuracy, intellectual property infringement, legality or decency of Content provided through the Technology or for Partner’s reliance on any of the foregoing.
7.7.    Each party (the “
Indemnifying Party
”) shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other party and its parent and affiliates, and each of its and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, members, authorised representatives, employees and agents (collectively, the “
Indemnified Party
”) from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, settlements, regulatory findings and/or fines and other expenses (including reasonable legal fees) (collectively, “
Claims
”) that arise out of any third party claim occasioned by any breach of any of the Indemnifying Party’s representations and warranties in this Agreement. The Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Indemnifying Party of any Claim in writing, provided, however, that any delay in providing such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of any of its obligations except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is prejudiced by such delay. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the defence with a counsel of its own choosing and Indemnified Party shall not settlement the Claim without the priori written consent of the Indemnifying Partner.
8.    CONFIDENTIALITY.
Each party (the “
Receiving Party
”) acknowledges that it will have access to certain information and materials, including the terms of the Agreement, concerning the business, technology, products and services of the other party (the “
Disclosing Party
”) that are, or reasonably should be considered given the circumstances of disclosure to be, confidential (“
Confidential Information
”). Confidential Information will not include: (a) information known to the Receiving Party prior to disclosure by the Disclosing Party; (b) information independently developed by the Receiving Party without reference to Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party; (c) information that is or becomes publicly known through no fault of the Receiving Party; or (d) information disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third party without breach of any obligation of confidence. Except as permitted hereunder, the Receiving Party (i) will not use any Confidential Information for its own benefit or the benefit of any third party, and (ii) will not disclose any Confidential Information to any third party other than its directors, employees, contractors, advisors, investors or potential investors who have a need to know and who have agreed not to use, and to maintain the confidentiality of, the Confidential Information consistent with this Section 8. The Receiving Party will return or destroy the Confidential Information promptly upon the Disclosing Party’s written request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent required by applicable law or legal process, provided that the Receiving Party provides prompt written notice of any required disclosure to the Disclosing Party and provides reasonable cooperation (at the Disclosing Party’s expense) with any effort by the Disclosing Party to contest or limit the scope of such disclosure.
9.    LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
9.1. Neither Outbrain nor the Partner exclude or limit liability to the other for: (i) death or personal injury caused by its negligence or that of its employees or contractors; (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (iii) any other liability which cannot lawfully be excluded or limited.
9.2. Subject always to Section 9.1, neither party will be liable for: (a) any special, indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damage; (b) any loss of goodwill or reputation; (c) any loss of Data; (d) any loss of contracts, business or anticipated savings; or (e) any loss of profits arising out of or in connection with the Agreement or any breach hereof, whether or not such party has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage, howsoever incurred and whether under a theory of contract, tort (including negligence) statutory duty or otherwise.
9.3. Subject always to Section 9.1 and except for liabilities arising out of a party’s violation, misappropriation or infringement of a party’s Intellectual Property Rights, in no event will either party’s aggregate liability arising out of or in connection with the Agreement or any breach (whether under a theory of contract, tort (including negligence), statutory duty, or otherwise) exceed the greater of: (i) £100,000 GBP; and (ii) the amount of Revenue/Fees paid or payable pursuant SOW pursuant to which the claim arose, in the 12-month period immediately preceding the event giving rise to liability (or, in the case of a series of connected events, the first such event).
9.4.    Each party acknowledges to each other that it accepts that the restrictions on the liability of each other party, as set out in the Agreement, are reasonable in all the circumstances.
10.    EXPORT CONTROLS.
Partner will comply with all export laws and restrictions and regulations of the Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), or other United States or foreign agency or authority, and shall not export, or allow the export or re-export of the Technology in violation of any such restrictions, laws or regulations. By downloading or using the Technology, Partner agrees to the foregoing and represent and warrants that it is not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any restricted country. Partner represents and warrants that none of it, or any individual, entity, or organisation holding any ownership interest or controlling interest in Partner, including any officer or director, is an individual, entity, organisation with whom any United States law, regulation, or executive order prohibits U.S. companies and individuals from dealing, including, names appearing on the Specially Designated Nationals List.
11.    MISCELLANEOUS.
The Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of England and Wales without regard to its conflict of law provisions or the United Nations Conventions for the International Sale of Goods. Any action or proceeding arising from or relating to the Agreement must be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of English courts. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any of the provisions of the Agreement is not performed in accordance with these specific terms. Accordingly, the parties agree that each shall be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of the Agreement, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. The parties are independent contractors, and nothing in the Agreement will be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, agency or other relationship between the parties. No failure or forbearance by a party to enforce any of its rights under the Agreement or insist upon performance of the other party’s obligations under the Agreement will be deemed a waiver of such rights or obligations to any extent, and no waiver by either party of any default or breach of the Agreement will constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent default or breach. Neither party will be liable for any failure to perform due to causes beyond the party's reasonable control. The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning its subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings, written or verbal, concerning such subject matter. The parties to this Agreement do not intend that any term of this Agreement should be enforceable, by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise, by any person who is not a Party to this Agreement. The Partner Enrollment Form may be amended, modified or superseded, only by a written instrument signed by both parties. The headings in the Agreement are for the convenience of reference only and have no legal effect. Any reference to days in the Agreement shall be deemed business days unless otherwise specified. The Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. If any provision of the Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, failing which, it shall be severed from the Agreement and the balance of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. Neither party may assign the Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the other party’s prior written consent, except (i) due to operation of law, merger, reorganisation, or as a result of an acquisition or change of control, and (ii) by Outbrain to its subsidiaries. Subject to the foregoing, the Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors and assigns.
Engage Master Services Agreement
Engage Code on Page Terms
Engage Header Bidding Terms
Engage Video Terms
Supply Side Platform Terms
Engage Data Sharing Agreement
SSP Data Sharing Agreement
Engage Terms
Effective October 25th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
ENGAGE MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT
The Engage Terms vary according to the country where your billing address is located. Please use your billing country below to view the applicable Engage Terms.
My billing address is located in:
United States of America
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Ter
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Channel Islands
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos Island
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Ter
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Great Britain
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Hawaii
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea South
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malaysia
Malawi
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Midway Islands
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Nambia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherland Antilles
Netherlands (Holland, Europe)
Nevis
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau Island
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Montenegro
Republic of Serbia
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
St Barthelemy
St Eustatius
St Helena
St Kitts-Nevis
St Lucia
St Maarten
St Pierre & Miquelon
St Vincent & Grenadines
Saipan
Samoa
Samoa American
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks & Caicos Is
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (Brit)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wake Island
Wallis & Futana Is
Yemen
Zaire
Zambia
1.    DEFINITIONS.
1.1.    “
Ads.txt
” means an authorized digital seller's text file. All references to Ads.txt include App-ads.txt.
1.2.    "
Advertiser Recs
" means Recommendations (that are not Recirculation Recs) in the Outbrain network submitted by Outbrains advertisers.
1.3.    "
Content
" means graphical, textual, and/or auditory content (which may include text, data, information, photos, images, graphics, audio, video or other content).
1.4.    "
Data"
means all data collected or generated pursuant to an SOW including any reports or other data made available to Partner from time to time in connection with the Agreement.
1.5.    "
End Users
" means individual human viewers of a web page, application and/or platform of the Partner Sites.
1.6.    “
Intellectual Property Rights
” includes any invention, discovery, concept, expression or work, whether or not patented or patentable, registered or not, including, without limitation, discoveries, compositions, know-how, procedures, technical information, processes, methods, formulas, algorithms, protocols, techniques, designs and drawings, trade dresses, any physical embodiment thereof, and any patents, copyrights, trademarks, industrial designs and utility models, (and applications or extensions therefore), domains and trade secrets or similar rights to aforementioned rights recognized in any jurisdiction now or in the future.
1.7.    “
OB Generated Links
” means an End User page view on a Partner Site generated from a referral link of OBNews.Outbrain.com (or successor link or an additional link(s) which may be provided by Outbrain from time to time).
1.8.    "
Partner Sites
" means the web properties, applications or platforms identified in the SOW, together with any additional properties on which Partner elects to implement the Technology upon prior written approval from Outbrain (e-mail will suffice).
1.9.    "
Recirculation Recs
" means Recommendations (that are not Advertiser Recs) which link to Content on Partner Sites.
1.10.    "
Recommendations
" means the display of Advertiser Recs and/or Recirculation Recs that Outbrain delivers to End Users of a web page, application or platform.
1.11.    "
Technology
" means, Outbrain’s Javascript, API, SDK, the Outbrain Video Player (as applicable) and associated protocols provided by Outbrain to Partner.
1.12.    “
Updates
” means updates, modifications, or improvements to the Technology from time to time in Outbrain’s sole discretion, including, but not limited to, adding Ads.txt lines and any other similar industry standards.
2.    TECHNOLOGY; PLACEMENT AND APPEARANCE.
2.1. Partner shall, if required by an applicable SOW, implement the Technology (including Outbrain’s provided Ads.txt) pursuant to Outbrain’s technical instructions and any implementation guides made available by Outbrain, as revised from time to time. Outbrain, in its sole discretion, may determine which of Outbrain’s available Technology (e.g. JS, API, SDK, the Outbrain Video Player or any other equivalent) shall be used in each Partner implementation. Implementation which includes Recommendations must: (a) appear directly below the main Content on each page of the Partner Sites; or (b) include at least one (1) link to Advertiser Recs per page unless otherwise agreed in writing.
2.2. Partner shall display the Technology throughout the Term in accordance with all self-regulatory codes and applicable laws and regulations, including with respect to disclosing the source or nature of the Recommendations. Without limiting the foregoing obligation, Partner agrees to comply with Outbrain’s reasonable instructions regarding how the Technology is to be displayed, labelled or identified.
2.3. Outbrain may make Updates from time to time. If Outbrain requests Partner to implement any such Updates, Partner shall make such Updates within thirty (30) calendar days of receipt of notice from Outbrain. If Partner can demonstrate such Updates would materially and adversely affect the performance of the Partner Sites, Outbrain may either address Partner’s concerns to its reasonable satisfaction or agree not to require Partner to implement such Updates.
2.4. Where applicable, Outbrain may drive End Users to Partner Sites generating additional Partner Site page views via OB Generated Links or Recirculation Recs. If an End User clicks on an Advertiser Rec from an OB Generated Link, Partner shall not be compensated for any advertising revenue generated by such page views. Any display of Recirculation Recs will require Outbrain’s prior written approval (email will suffice), which may be conditioned on a minimum Advertiser Rec implementation or other fees.
2.5.    Outbrain may test changes to the Technology from time to time. To the extent that Partner controls any testing, Partner shall comply with such testing requests on at least a quarterly basis.
3.    REVENUE & PAYMENT.
3.1. During the Term, Partner and/or Outbrain (as applicable) will be paid in accordance with the payment terms and fees indicated in the applicable SOW.
3.2.    Where payment is being made to Partner pursuant to an applicable SOW, Partner must promptly provide Outbrain completed and accurate tax forms and all other similar materials Outbrain requires, which may include tax form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or W-9 if applicable (collectively all such forms and materials, “
Tax Materials
”). Notwithstanding anything set forth to the contrary in this Agreement, Outbrain may (a) withhold payments owed to Partner hereunder without penalty or late fee until Outbrain has received Partner’s Tax Materials; and (b) deduct any applicable taxes payable by Outbrain from payments owed to Partner hereunder as required by law. Once Outbrain has received the Tax Materials, Outbrain will use commercially reasonable efforts to pay any amounts not paid to Partner pursuant to the foregoing subsection (a) as soon as reasonably practicable.
3.3. To ensure proper payment to Partner, Partner is responsible for notifying Outbrain in writing of accurate contact and payment information. Partner is also responsible for any charges assessed by Partner’s bank or payment provider. If the amount owed to Partner is less than US$50, then the amount owed will be accrued if and until the calendar month in which the balance of the payments due to Partner exceeds US$50. All payments under this Agreement will be in accordance with Outbrain’s measurements. Any dispute regarding a payment from Outbrain must be submitted to Outbrain in writing within thirty (30) calendar days of postage or wire transfer date of such payment or it shall be deemed waived.
3.4.    In addition to Outbrain’s other rights and remedies, Outbrain may (i) withhold and offset any payments owed to Partner under the Agreement (including in case of a material breach) against any fees Partner owes Outbrain under the Agreement or any other agreement) or if Partner is in breach of the terms of this Agreement, and/or (ii) require Partner to refund Outbrain within thirty (30) calendar days of any invoice, any amounts Outbrain may have overpaid to Partner in prior periods. If an Outbrain advertiser, client or partner defaults on payment to Outbrain, for any reason, Outbrain may withhold payment or charge back Partner’s account.
4.    PRIVACY.
The provisions of the
Engage Data Sharing Agreement
shall be fully incorporated into, and form part of, this Agreement.
5.    LICENSE TERMS.
5.1. During the Term and subject to Partner’s compliance with all of the terms of the Agreement, Outbrain grants Partner, during the Term, a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use and display Outbrain’s trademarks, service marks and logos (collectively, “Outbrain Marks”), as incorporated into the Technology, strictly in accordance with Partner’s obligations and rights in the Agreement. All goodwill arising out of Partner’s use of any of the Outbrain Marks shall inure solely to the benefit of Outbrain. Outbrain shall have the right to refer to Partner and the Partner Sites in any general listing of advertisers or partners (including in marketing and sales materials) who have implemented the Technology. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party will request prior written consent before issuing a press release regarding the Agreement or using the other party’s name on its website other than in accordance with the Agreement.
5.2. As between the parties: (a) Outbrain retains all right, title and interest in and to the Outbrain Marks, Technology and Data (excluding any Content from the Partner Sites which shall be owned by Partner), the Outbrain site at
www.outbrain.com
and the Dashboard; and (b) Partner retains all right, title and interest in and to the Partner Sites including the look and feel excluding the items described in subsection (a) above. The licenses granted under the Agreement are specifically set forth in the Agreement; there are no implied rights. All rights not expressly granted to Partner in the Agreement are reserved by Outbrain.
5.3.    PROHIBITED ACTIONS. Partner agrees that it will not, either by itself or by authorizing or encouraging others to do so, directly or indirectly: (a) use, post or promote any Recommendations in association with any material or content which is, or which may reasonably be considered illegal, unlawful or infringing under any applicable laws (including, without limitation, content which infringes a third party copyright (i.e. illegal streaming website) or in breach out
Outbrain’s Partner Guidelines
(as amended from time to time) (b) modify, change, edit, amend, truncate, alter, bypass or reorder any aspect of the Technology or  Recommendations; (c) take any action that might impede Outbrain’s provision of the Technology or the Recommendations; (d) generate clicks on Recommendations, or generate page views, that Outbrain believes, in its sole discretion, is through any automated, deceptive, fraudulent or other means that is designed to generate clicks or page views that are not the willing actions of human end users who possess an independent, genuine desire to engage with the content that appears on the relevant page(s), including but not limited to, through (i) repeated manual clicks, use of robots or other automated tools or computer generated requests, (ii) participation in pay-per-click programs, (iii) redirection of search requests to pages that do not contain content reasonably relevant to the search query; (e) copy, crawl, index, cache or store any information derived by Outbrain, or contained in or concerning a Recommendation; (f) in any way minimize or obstruct the display of any Recommendations; or (g) commit fraudulent passing off, including but not limited to spoofing the unique identifier of the ad spot which could be a URL or an app name. Section (d) of the previous sentence shall be deemed to have been violated (x) if traffic is not converting above a certain threshold as determined by Outbrain in its sole discretion or if Partner’s Sites result in low post-click performance, or (y) by any page view that Outbrain determines, in its sole discretion, were the result of transfers or referrals of End Users to a Partner Site where the Technology or Recommendations was installed by a third party content distribution service provider and that resulted in a monthly click-through rate that was less than fifty percent (50%) of the click-through rate experienced by the remainder of the page views where the Technology or Recommendations are installed that occurred on the Partner Site(s) during the same month. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Outbrain shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately and remove the Technology and Recommendations with no further obligations to Partner in the event of any violation of this
Section 5.3.
6.    SUSPENSION OF TECHNOLOGY; TERMINATION.
6.1. Outbrain may suspend or discontinue all or any aspect of the Technology, including its availability, at any time if required by exigent circumstances (such as a significant security breach, propagation of malware, other viruses to users, etc.) or other improper, unlawful, fraudulent misleading circumstances, or Partner’s breach of the terms of the Agreement.
6.2. Either party may terminate the Agreement at any time in the event of a material breach by the other party of any provision of the Agreement that remains uncured for fourteen (14) days after the breaching party’s receipt of written notice of the breach.
6.3.    Upon expiration or termination of the Agreement, all rights and obligations of the parties under the Agreement will be extinguished, except any terms of this Agreement which, by their nature, should survive termination, and continue to bind the parties.
7.    LIMITED WARRANTIES; INDEMNITY.
7.1. Each party represents and warrants to the other that: (i) it has all right, power, and authority necessary to enter into the Agreement and perform its obligations under it; and (ii) it will comply with all applicable laws, regulations and orders in its performance of the Agreement.
7.2. Outbrain warrants that the Technology (as provided and made available by Outbrain and implemented by Partner in accordance with the Agreement) does not and will not, to the best of Outbrain's knowledge, infringe any Intellectual Property Right of any third party.
7.3. Partner represents and warrants that (i) it owns or has the right to operate the Partner Site(s); (ii) it will adhere to the
Outbrain’s Partner Guidelines
(as up dated from time to time) and/or to the Partner’s own guidelines which shall be substantially similar to Outbrains’; (iii) the Partner Sites do not and will not contain any Content that is illegal or that infringes any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; (iv) it has all rights and authority to any Partner Content provided to Outbrain; (v) the Partner Sites will not contain any obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous material or material that violates any person’s right of publicity, privacy or personality; and (vi) the Partner Sites do not and will not knowingly contain a misrepresentation of fact or factual inaccuracy.
7.4. Nothing in the Agreement shall be construed as a promise of any sort of minimum traffic volumes, clicks, impressions or usage or any other such commitments by Outbrain to Partner.
7.5. Except as expressly provided in the Agreement, neither party makes any representations or warranties, express or implied in relation to the Agreement, the Partner Sites, the Technology, any Content made available by Outbrain through the Technology or any other matters (including any implied terms relating to satisfactory quality or fitness for any purpose, any warranties of availability or uninterrupted or error free performance, any warranties arising out of any course of performance or dealing).
7.6. Outbrain makes no representations or warranties concerning any Content contained in or accessed via the Technology, including without limitation Advertiser Recs, and Outbrain will not be responsible or liable for the contents, accuracy, intellectual property infringement, legality or decency of Content provided through the Technology or for Partner’s reliance on any of the foregoing.
7.7. Each party (the “
Indemnifying Party
”) shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other party and its parent and affiliates, and each of its and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, members, authorized representatives, employees and agents (collectively, the “
Indemnified Party
”) from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, settlements, regulatory findings and/or fines and other expenses (including reasonable legal fees) (collectively, “
Claims
”) that arise out of any third party claim occasioned by any breach of any of the Indemnifying Party’s representations and warranties in this Agreement. The Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Indemnifying Party of any Claim in writing, provided, however, that any delay in providing such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of any of its obligations except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is prejudiced by such delay. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate in the defense with a counsel of its own choosing and Indemnified Party shall not settlement the Claim without the priori written consent of the Indemnifying Partner.
8.    CONFIDENTIALITY.
Each party (the “
Receiving Party
”) acknowledges that it will have access to certain information and materials, including the terms of the Agreement, concerning the business, technology, products and services of the other party (the “
Disclosing Party
”) that are, or reasonably should be considered given the circumstances of disclosure to be, confidential (“
Confidential Information
”). Confidential Information will not include: (a) information known to the Receiving Party prior to disclosure by the Disclosing Party; (b) information independently developed by the Receiving Party without reference to Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party; (c) information that is or becomes publicly known through no fault of the Receiving Party; or (d) information disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third party without breach of any obligation of confidence. Except as permitted hereunder, the Receiving Party (i) will not use any Confidential Information for its own benefit or the benefit of any third party, and (ii) will not disclose any Confidential Information to any third party other than its directors, employees, contractors, advisors, investors or potential investors who have a need to know and who have agreed not to use, and to maintain the confidentiality of, the Confidential Information consistent with this Section 8. The Receiving Party will return or destroy the Confidential Information promptly upon the Disclosing Party’s written request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent required by applicable law or legal process, provided that the Receiving Party provides prompt written notice of any required disclosure to the Disclosing Party and provides reasonable cooperation (at the Disclosing Party’s expense) with any effort by the Disclosing Party to contest or limit the scope of such disclosure.
9.    LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
9.1. Neither Outbrain nor the Partner exclude or limit liability to the other for: (i) death or personal injury caused by its negligence or that of its employees or contractors; (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (iii) any other liability which cannot lawfully be excluded or limited.
9.2. SUBJECT ALWAYS TO
SECTION 10.1
, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF (INCLUDING FOR LOSS OF DATA OR COST OF COVER), WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE.
9.3.    SUBJECT ALWAYS TO SECTION 10.1 AND EXCEPT FOR LIABILITIES ARISING OUT OF A PARTY’S VIOLATION, MISAPPROPRIATION OR INFRINGEMENT OF A PARTY’S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF (WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS ($100,000) OR THE AMOUNT OF REVENUE PAID OR PAYABLE PERSUANT TO THE APPLICABLE AND IN-EFFECT SOW, IN THE 12-MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY (OR, IN THE CASE OF A SERIES OF CONNECTED EVENTS, THE FIRST SUCH EVENT).
10.    EXPORT CONTROLS.
Partner will comply with all export laws and restrictions and regulations of the Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control ("
OFAC
"), or other United States or foreign agency or authority, and shall not export, or allow the export or re-export of the Technology in violation of any such restrictions, laws or regulations. By downloading or using the Technology, Partner agrees to the foregoing and represent and warrants that it is not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any restricted country. Partner represents and warrants that none of it, or any individual, entity, or organization holding any ownership interest or controlling interest in Partner, including any officer or director, is an individual, entity, organization with whom any United States law, regulation, or executive order prohibits U.S. companies and individuals from dealing, including, names appearing on the Specially Designated Nationals List.
11.    MISCELLANEOUS.
The Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of law provisions or the United Nations Conventions for the International Sale of Goods. Any action or proceeding arising from or relating to the Agreement must be brought in a federal court in the Southern District of New York or in state court in New York County, New York, and each party irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction and venue of any such court in any such action or proceeding. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any of the provisions of the Agreement is not performed in accordance with these specific terms. Accordingly, the parties agree that each shall be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent breaches of the Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of the Agreement, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. The parties are independent contractors, and nothing in the Agreement will be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, agency or other relationship between the parties. No failure or forbearance by a party to enforce any of its rights under the Agreement or insist upon performance of the other party’s obligations under the Agreement will be deemed a waiver of such rights or obligations to any extent, and no waiver by either party of any default or breach of the Agreement will constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent default or breach. Neither party will be liable for any failure to perform due to causes beyond the party's reasonable control. The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning its subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings, written or verbal, concerning such subject matter. The Partner Enrollment Form may be amended, modified or superseded, only by a written instrument signed by both parties. The headings in the Agreement are for the convenience of reference only and have no legal effect. Any reference to days in the Agreement shall be deemed business days unless otherwise specified. The Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. If any provision of the Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, failing which, it shall be severed from the Agreement and the balance of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. Neither party may assign the Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the other party’s prior written consent, except (i) due to operation of law, merger, reorganization, or as a result of an acquisition or change of control, and (ii) by Outbrain to its subsidiaries. Subject to the foregoing, the Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors and assigns.
Code on Page
MSA Terms
HB Terms
Video Terms
SSP Terms
Effective September 27th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Code on Page
MSA Terms
HB Terms
Video Terms
SSP Terms
Effective September 27th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Code on Page
MSA Terms
HB Terms
Video Terms
SSP Terms
Effective September 27th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Code on Page
MSA Terms
HB Terms
Video Terms
SSP Terms
Effective September 27th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Code on Page
MSA Terms
HB Terms
Video Terms
SSP Terms
Effective September 27th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Your preferences about cookies
This website uses cookies, some of which are strictly necessary for this website to operate correctly, some of which are designed to improve your experience or give us aggregated analytics about our visitors (functional and performance cookies) and some of which are for advertising, marketing and targeting purposes. You are able to make your choice below by accepting all cookies or disabling all cookies (except for strictly necessary cookies). To review your options, please click on “Cookies Settings''. For more information about how Outbrain processes your personal data and uses cookies, or to review your choices later, please refer to
Outbrain’s Privacy Policy.
Reject All
Accept Cookies
Cookies Settings
Sub-policy 5
https://www.quora.com/about/pixel_privacy:
Something went wrong. Wait a moment and try again.
Try again
Something went wrong
Try refreshing the page, or try again later.
Refresh Page
Please enable Javascript and refresh the page to continue
Sub-policy 6
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/PrivacyStatement:
This is the Trace Id: c06092074d4dabce53bc59c9c26c2850
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Last Updated: March 2025
What's new?
Print
Expand All
Collapse All
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Personal data we collect
How we use personal data
Reasons we share personal data
How to access and control your personal data
Cookies and similar technologies
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
Microsoft account
Collection of data from children
Other important privacy information
Security of personal data
Where we store and process personal data
Our retention of personal data
U.S. State Data Privacy
Advertising
Speech recognition technologies
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Changes to this privacy statement
How to contact us
Product-specific details:
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise online services
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Productivity and communications products
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft Family
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Teams
OneDrive
Outlook
Skype
Surface
Surface Duo
LinkedIn
Search and browse
Bing
Microsoft Edge
Microsoft Translator
SwiftKey
Windows
Activation
Activity history
Advertising ID
Diagnostics
Personalized offers
Feedback Hub
Get Help
Live captions
Location services and recording
Narrator
Phone Link - Link to Windows
Cross-device experiences
Security and safety features
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Sync and backup settings
Update Services
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
Windows AI Features
Windows apps
Windows Hello
Windows Search
Entertainment and related services
Xbox
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Start
Silverlight
Windows Mixed Reality
Cookies
Most Microsoft sites use cookies, small text files placed on your device which web servers utilize in the domain that placed the cookie can retrieve later. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings, help with sign-in, provide personalized ads, and analyze site operations. For more information, see the
Cookies and similar technologies
section of this privacy statement.
EU-U.S., UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
Microsoft complies with the EU-U.S., UK Extension to the EU-U.S., and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks. To learn more, see the
Where we store and process personal data
section, and
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
.
Contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or EU Data Protection Officer, please contact us by using our
web form
. For more information about contacting Microsoft, including Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, see the
How to contact us
section of this privacy statement.
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains the personal data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes it, and for what purposes.
Microsoft offers a wide range of products, including server products used to help operate enterprises worldwide, devices you use in your home, software that students use at school, and services developers use to create and host what’s next. References to Microsoft products in this statement include Microsoft services, websites, apps, software, servers, and devices.
Please read the product-specific details in this privacy statement, which provide additional relevant information. This statement applies to the interactions Microsoft has with you and the Microsoft products listed below, as well as other Microsoft products that display this statement.
Young people may prefer starting with the
Privacy for young people
page. That page highlights information that may be helpful for young people.
For individuals in the United States, please refer to our
U.S. State Data Privacy Notice
and the
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the processing of your personal data, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Personal data we collect
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products. You provide some of this data directly, and we get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experiences with our products. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make, including your privacy settings and the products and features you use. We also obtain data about you from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When we ask you to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data -required to provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you are using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use such data will not work for you.
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products for a variety of purposes described below, including to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences with our products. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you create a Microsoft account, administer your organization’s licensing account, submit a search query to Bing, register for a Microsoft event, upload a document to OneDrive, sign up for Microsoft 365, or contact us for support. We get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experience with our products and communications. In addition, we receive data from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
We rely on a variety of legal reasons and permissions (sometimes called “legal bases”) to process data, including with your consent, a balancing of legitimate interests, necessity to enter into and perform contracts, and compliance with legal obligations, for a variety of purposes described below.
We also obtain data from third parties. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These third-party sources vary over time and include:
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect.
Services that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Communication services, including email providers and social networks, when you give us permission to access your data on such third-party services or networks.
Service providers that help us determine your device’s location.
Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities.
Developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products.
Third parties that deliver experiences through Microsoft products.
Publicly-available sources, such as open public sector, academic, and commercial data sets and other data sources.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When you are asked to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to operate and provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data required to operate and provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you’re using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use the data will not work for you.
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make (including your privacy settings), the products and features you use, your location, and applicable law
.
The data we collect can include the following:
Name and contact data
. Your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials
. Passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Demographic data
. Data about you such as your age, gender, country, and preferred language.
Payment data
. Data to process payments, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number) and the security code associated with your payment instrument.
Subscription and licensing data
. Information about your subscriptions, licenses, and other entitlements.
Interactions
. Data about your use of Microsoft products. In some cases, such as search queries, this is data you provide in order to make use of the products. In other cases, such as error reports, this is data we generate. Other examples of interactions data include:
Device and usage data
. Data about your device and the product and features you use, including information about your hardware and software, how our products perform, as well as your settings. For example:
Payment and account history
. Data about the items you purchase and activities associated with your account.
Browse history
. Data about the webpages you visit.
Device, connectivity, and configuration data
. Data about your device, your device configuration, and nearby networks. For example, data about the operating systems and other software installed on your device, including product keys. In addition, IP address, device identifiers (such as the IMEI number for phones), regional and language settings, and information about WLAN access points near your device.
Error reports and performance data
. Data about the performance of the products and any problems you experience, including error reports. Error reports (sometimes called “crash dumps”) can include details of the software or hardware related to an error, contents of files opened when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device.
Troubleshooting and help data
. Data you provide when you contact Microsoft for help, such as the products you use, and other details that help us provide support. For example, contact or authentication data, the content of your chats and other communications with Microsoft, data about the condition of your device, and the products you use related to your help inquiry. When you contact us, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
Bot usage data
. Interactions with bots and skills available through Microsoft products, including bots and skills provided by third parties.
Interests and favorites
. Data about your interests and favorites, such as the sports teams you follow, the programming languages you prefer, the stocks you track, or cities you add to track things like weather or traffic. In addition to those you explicitly provide, your interests and favorites can also be inferred or derived from other data we collect, such as your interactions on websites where our technology is used to show or measure ads.
Content consumption data
. Information about media content (e.g., TV, video, music, audio, text books, apps, and games) you access through our products.
Searches and commands
. Search queries and commands when you use Microsoft products with search or related productivity functionality, such as interactions with a chat bot.
Voice data
. Your voice data, sometimes referred to as “voice clips”, such as search queries, commands, or dictation you speak, which may include background sounds.
Text, inking, and typing data
. Text, inking, and typing data and related information. For example, when we collect inking data, we collect information about the placement of your inking instrument on your device.
Images
. Images and related information, such as picture metadata. For example, we collect the image you provide when you use a Bing image-enabled service.
Contacts and relationships
. Data about your contacts and relationships if you use a product to share information with others, manage contacts, communicate with others, or improve your productivity.
Social data
. Information about your relationships and interactions between you, other people, and organizations, such as types of engagement (e.g., likes, dislikes, events, etc.) related to people and organizations.
Location data
. Data about your device’s location, which can be either precise or imprecise. For example, we collect location data using Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) (e.g., GPS) and data about nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots. Location can also be inferred from a device’s IP address or data in your account profile that indicates where it is located with less precision, such as at a city or postal code level.
Other input
. Other inputs provided when you use our products. For example, data such as the buttons you press on an Xbox wireless controller using the Xbox network, skeletal tracking data when you use Kinect, and other sensor data, like the number of steps you take, when you use devices that have applicable sensors. If you attend an in-store event, we collect the data you provide to us when registering for or during the event and if you enter into a prize promotion, we collect the data you input into the entry form.
Content
. Content of your files and communications you input, upload, receive, create, and control. For example, if you transmit a file using Skype to another Skype user, we need to collect the content of that file to display it to you and the other user. If you receive an email using Outlook.com, we need to collect the content of that email to deliver it to your inbox, display it to you, enable you to reply to it, and store it for you until you choose to delete it. Other content we collect when providing products to you include:
Communications, including audio, video, text (typed, inked, dictated, or otherwise), in a message, email, call, meeting request, or chat.
Photos, images, songs, movies, software, and other media or documents you store, retrieve, or otherwise process with our cloud.
Video or recordings
. Recordings of events and activities at Microsoft buildings, retail spaces, and other locations. If you enter Microsoft Store locations or other facilities, or attend a Microsoft event that is recorded, we may process your image and voice data.
Feedback and ratings
. Information you provide to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback, survey data, and product reviews you write.
Traffic data
. Data generated through your use of Microsoft’s communications services. Traffic data indicates with whom you have communicated and when your communications occurred. We will process your traffic data only as required to provide, maintain, and improve our communications services and we do so with your consent.
Product-specific sections below describe data collection practices applicable to use of those products.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How we use personal data
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you with rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you with relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
In carrying out these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products) or obtain from third parties to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience, to make informed business decisions, and for other legitimate purposes.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
For these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products). For example, Microsoft Store uses information about the apps and services you use to make personalized app recommendations. However, we have built in technological and procedural safeguards designed to prevent certain data combinations where required by law. For example, where required by law, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address, or phone number.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Purposes and legal bases for processing
When we process personal data about you, we do so with your consent and/or as required to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security and safety of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests of Microsoft or third parties as described in this section and in the
Reasons we share personal data
section of this privacy statement. Our bases for processing your personal data may vary depending on how and across what products and services we process your data.
When we process personal data based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests, we consider and balance those interests against your rights and freedoms, and we will only process your personal data where the legitimate interests we have in processing are not outweighed by your interests.
When we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, we do so based on a variety of legal mechanisms, as described in the
Where we store and process personal data
section of this privacy statement.
More on the purposes of processing:
Provide our products
. We use data to operate our products and provide you with rich, interactive experiences. For example, if you use OneDrive, we process the documents you upload to OneDrive to enable you to retrieve, delete, edit, forward, or otherwise process it, at your direction as part of the service. Or, for example, if you enter a search query in the Bing search engine, we use that query to display search results to you. Additionally, as communications are a feature of various products, programs, and activities, we use data to contact you. For example, we may contact you by phone or email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending or discuss your licensing account. We also communicate with you to secure our products, for example by letting you know when product updates are available.
Product improvement
. We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities. For example, we use error reports to improve security features, search queries and clicks in Bing to improve the relevancy of the search results, usage data to determine what new features to prioritize, and voice data to develop and improve speech recognition accuracy.
Personalization
. Many products include personalized features, such as recommendations that enhance your productivity and enjoyment. These features use automated processes to tailor your product experiences based on the data we have about you, such as inferences we make about you and your use of the product, activities, interests, and location. For example, depending on your settings, if you stream movies in a browser on your Windows device, you may see a recommendation for an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. If you have a Microsoft account, with your permission, we can sync your settings on several devices. Many of our products provide controls to disable personalized features.
Product activation
. We use data—such as device and application type, location, and unique device, application, network, and subscription identifiers—to activate products that require activation.
Product development
. We use data to develop new products. For example, we use data, often de-identified, to better understand our customers’ computing and productivity needs, and to train and fine-tune AI models, which can shape the development of new products.
Customer support
. We use data to troubleshoot and diagnose product problems, repair customers’ devices, and provide other customer care and support services, including to help us provide, improve, and secure the quality of our products, services, and training, and to investigate security incidents. Call recording data may also be used to authenticate or identify you based on your voice to enable Microsoft to provide support services and investigate security incidents.
Help secure and troubleshoot
. We use data to help secure and troubleshoot our products. This includes using data to protect the security and safety of our products and customers, detecting malware and malicious activities, troubleshooting performance and compatibility issues to help customers get the most out of their experiences, and notifying customers of updates to our products. This may include using automated systems to detect security and safety issues.
Safety
. We use data to protect the safety of our products and our customers. Our security features and products can disrupt the operation of malicious software and notify users if malicious software is found on their devices. For example, some of our products, such as Outlook.com or OneDrive, systematically scan content in an automated manner to identify suspected spam, viruses, abusive actions, or URLs that have been flagged as fraud, phishing, or malware links; and we reserve the right to block delivery of a communication or remove content if it violates our terms.
In accordance with European Union Regulation (EU) 2021/1232, we have invoked the derogation permitted by that Regulation from Articles 5(1) and 6(1) of EU Directive 2002/58/EC. We use scanning technologies to create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) of certain images and video content on our systems. These technologies then compare the hashes they generate with hashes of reported child sexual exploitation and abuse imagery (known as a “hash set”), in a process called “hash matching”. Microsoft obtains hash sets from organizations that act in the public interest against child sex abuse. This can result in sharing information with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) and law enforcement authorities.
Updates
. We use data we collect to develop product updates and security patches. For example, we may use information about your device’s capabilities, such as available memory, to provide you a software update or security patch. Updates and patches are intended to maximize your experience with our products, help you protect the privacy and security of your data, provide new features, and evaluate whether your device is ready to process such updates.
Promotional communications
. We use data we collect to deliver promotional communications. You can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. For information about managing your contact data, email subscriptions, and promotional communications, see the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Relevant offers
. Microsoft uses data to provide you with relevant and valuable information regarding our products. We analyze data from a variety of sources to predict the information that will be most interesting and relevant to you and deliver such information to you in a variety of ways. For example, we may predict your interest in gaming and communicate with you about new games you may like.
Advertising
. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls, or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use data we collect through our interactions with you, through some of our first-party products, services, apps, and web properties (Microsoft properties), and on third-party web properties, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. We may use automated processes to help make advertising more relevant to you. For more information about how your data is used for advertising, see the
Advertising
section of this privacy statement.
Prize promotions and events
. We use your data to administer prize promotions and events available in our physical Microsoft Stores. For example, if you enter into a prize promotion, we may use your data to select a winner and provide the prize to you if you win. Or, if you register for a coding workshop or gaming event, we will add your name to the list of expected attendees.
Transacting commerce
. We use data to carry out your transactions with us. For example, we process payment information to provide customers with product subscriptions and use contact information to deliver goods purchased from the Microsoft Store.
Reporting and business operations
. We use data to analyze our operations and perform business intelligence. This enables us to make informed decisions and report on the performance of our business.
Protecting rights and property
. We use data to detect and prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and protect our property. For example, we use data to confirm the validity of software licenses to reduce piracy. We may use automated processes to detect and prevent activities that violate our rights and the rights of others, such as fraud.
Legal compliance
. We process data to comply with applicable laws. For example, we use the age of our customers to assist us in meeting our obligations to protect children’s privacy. We also process contact information and credentials to help customers exercise their data protection rights.
Research.
With appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard individuals’ rights and freedoms, we use data to conduct research, including advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities for the benefit of the public interest and scientific purposes.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Reasons we share personal data
We share your personal data with your consent or to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. We also share data with Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries; with vendors working on our behalf; when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to protect lives; to maintain the security of our products; and to protect the rights and property of Microsoft and its customers.
Please note that, as defined under certain U.S. state data privacy laws, “sharing” also relates to providing personal data to third parties for personalized advertising purposes. Please see the
U.S. State Data Privacy
section below and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information.
We share your personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. For example, we share your content with third parties when you tell us to do so, such as when you send an email to a friend, share photos and documents on OneDrive, or link accounts with another service. If you use a Microsoft product provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as an employer or school, or use an email address provided by such organization to access Microsoft products, we share certain data, such as interaction data and diagnostic data to enable your organization to manage the products. When you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. Additionally, when you save a payment method (such as a card) to your account that you and other Microsoft account holders use to make purchases from Microsoft or its affiliates, your purchase receipts may be shared with anyone else who uses and has access to the same payment method to make a purchase from Microsoft, including the payment method’s named accountholder. When you permit push notifications for Microsoft products or applications on a non-Windows device, the operating system of that device will process some personal data to provide push notifications. Accordingly, Microsoft may send data to an external, third-party notification provider to deliver push notifications. Your device’s push notification services are governed by their own service-specific terms and privacy statements.
We also share personal data for digital advertising purposes. When you visit a website or use an app that wants to show you ads, the digital property may allow Microsoft to access or receive device data or certain other data identified in the Personal data we collect section above. We may then share this information with third party advertising platforms and advertisers to facilitate the delivery and measurement of ads on such digital properties.  Please see the Advertising and U.S. State Data Privacy sections below for more information about how your data is used for advertising.
In addition, we share personal data among Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we've hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
Finally, we will retain, access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content (such as the content of your emails in Outlook.com, or files in private folders on OneDrive), when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to do any of the following:
Comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies.
Protect the safety of our customers, organizations, and the public — for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud or otherwise cause harm, or to detect, prevent, and combat harmful or illegal behavior including the creation and sharing of harmful or illegal content.
Operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
Protect the rights or property of Microsoft, including enforcing the terms governing the use of the services—however, if we receive information indicating that someone is using our services to traffic in stolen intellectual or physical property of Microsoft, we will not inspect a customer's private content ourselves, but we may refer the matter to law enforcement.
For more information about data we disclose in response to requests from law enforcement and other government agencies, please see our
Law Enforcement Requests Report
.
Please note that some of our products include links to or otherwise enable you to access products of third parties whose privacy practices differ from those of Microsoft. If you provide personal data to any of those products, your data is governed by their privacy policies.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How to access and control your personal data
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained with tools Microsoft provides to you, which are described below, or by contacting Microsoft. For instance:
If Microsoft obtained your consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
You can request access to, erasure of, and updates to your personal data.
If you’d like to port your data elsewhere, you can use tools Microsoft provides to do so, or if none are available, you can contact Microsoft for assistance.
You can also object to or restrict the use of your personal data by Microsoft. For example, you can object at any time to our use of your personal data:
For direct marketing purposes.
Where we are performing a task in the public interest or pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party.
You may have these rights under applicable laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), but we offer them regardless of your location. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law.
If your organization, such as your employer, school, or service provider, provides you with access to and is administering your use of Microsoft products, contact your organization to learn more about how to access and control your personal data.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, using various tools we provide. The tools most useful to you will depend on our interactions with you and your use of our products. Here is a general list of tools we provide to help you control your personal data; specific products may provide additional controls.
Bing.
If you are signed into Bing, you can view and clear your stored search and chat history on your
privacy dashboard
. If you are not signed into Bing, you can view and clear stored search history associated to your device in your
Bing settings
.
Microsoft account.
If you wish to access, edit, or remove the profile information and payment information in your Microsoft account, change your password, add security information or close your account, you can do so by visiting the
Microsoft account website
.
If you have a
Microsoft Developer Network
(MSDN) public profile, you can access and edit your data by signing in at
MSDN forum
.
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. You can control some of the data Microsoft processes through your use of a Microsoft account on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. From here, for example, you can view and clear the browsing, search, and location data associated with your Microsoft account.
Microsoft Store.
You can access your Microsoft Store profile and account information by visiting
Microsoft Store
and selecting
View account
or
Order history.
Microsoft Teams for personal use.
You can find out how to export or delete Teams data relating to your personal Microsoft account by visiting this
page
.
OneDrive.
You can view, download, and delete your files and photos in OneDrive by signing into your
OneDrive
.
Outlook.com.
You can download your emails in
Outlook.com
by signing into your account and navigating to your
Privacy and data
settings.
Skype
. If you wish to access, edit, or remove some profile and payment information for Skype or change your password,
sign in to your account
. If you wish to export your Skype chat history and files shared on Skype, you can
request a copy
.
Volume Licensing Service Center (VLSC).
If you are a Volume Licensing customer, you can control your contact information and subscription and licensing data in one location by visiting the
Volume Licensing Service Center website
.
Xbox
. If you use the Xbox network or Xbox.com, you can view or edit your personal data, including billing and account information, privacy settings, and online safety and data sharing preferences by accessing
My Xbox
on the Xbox console or on the Xbox.com website.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
. We will respond to requests to control your personal data as required by applicable law.
Your communications preferences
You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. If you receive promotional email or SMS messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message. You can also make choices about the receipt of promotional email, telephone calls, and postal mail by signing in with your personal Microsoft account, and viewing your
communication permissions
where you can update contact information, manage Microsoft-wide contact preferences, opt out of email subscriptions, and choose whether to share your contact information with Microsoft partners. If you do not have a personal Microsoft account, you can manage your Microsoft email contact preferences by using this
web form
. These choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain Microsoft products, programs, activities, or to surveys or other informational communications that have their own unsubscribe method.
Your advertising choices
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, visit our
opt-out page
. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
You can also link your opt-out choice with your personal Microsoft account. It will then apply on any device where you use that account and will continue to apply until someone signs in with a different personal Microsoft account on that device. If you delete the cookies on your device, you will need to sign in again for the settings to apply. You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
For Microsoft-controlled advertising that appears in apps on Windows, you may use the opt-out linked to your personal Microsoft account, or opt out of interest-based advertising by turning off the advertising ID in Windows settings.
Because the data used for interest-based advertising is also used for other required purposes (including providing our products, analytics, and fraud detection), opting out of interest-based advertising does not stop that data collection. You will continue to get ads, although they may be less relevant to you.
You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from third parties we partner with by visiting their sites (see above).
Browser-based controls
When you use a browser, you can control your personal data using certain features. For example:
Cookie controls
. You can control the data stored by cookies and withdraw consent to cookies by using the browser-based cookie controls described in the
Cookies
section of this privacy statement.
Tracking protections
. You can control the data third-party sites can collect about you using Tracking Protection in Internet Explorer (versions 9 and up) and Microsoft Edge. This feature will block third-party content, including cookies, from any site that is listed in a Tracking Protection List you add.
Browser controls for "Do Not Track."
Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Microsoft services do not currently respond to browser DNT signals. We continue to work with the online industry to define a common understanding of how to treat DNT signals. In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described above.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. We use cookies and similar technologies for storing and honoring your preferences and settings, enabling you to sign in, providing interest-based advertising, combating fraud, analyzing how our products perform, and fulfilling other legitimate purposes. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows described in the
Advertising ID
section of this privacy statement, for similar purposes.
We also use “web beacons” to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data. Our websites may include web beacons, cookies, or similar technologies from Microsoft affiliates and partners as well as third parties, such as service providers acting on our behalf.
Third party cookies may include: Social Media cookies designed to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activities on our websites; Analytics cookies to better understand how you and others use our websites so that we can make them better, and so the third parties can improve their own products and services; Advertising cookies to show you ads that are relevant to you; and Required cookies used to perform essential website functions. Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
Please see the Learn more section below for information about our use of third party cookies, web beacons and analytics services, and other similar technologies on our websites and services. For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie
inventory. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
You have a variety of tools to control the data collected by cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. For example, you can use controls in your internet browser to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies and to withdraw your consent by clearing or blocking cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. This data often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer, but it can contain other information as well. Some cookies are placed by third parties acting on our behalf. We use cookies and similar technologies to store and honor your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, provide interest-based advertising, combat fraud, analyze how our products perform, and fulfill other legitimate purposes described below. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows, for similar purposes, and many of our websites and applications also contain web beacons or other similar technologies, as described below.
Our use of cookies and similar technologies
Microsoft uses cookies and similar technologies for several purposes, depending on the context or product, including:
Storing your preferences and settings
. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings on your device, and to enhance your experiences. For example, depending on your settings, if you enter your city or postal code to get local news or weather information on a Microsoft website, we store that data in a cookie so that you will see the relevant local information when you return to the site. Saving your preferences with cookies, such as your preferred language, prevents you from having to set your preferences repeatedly. If you opt out of interest-based advertising, we store your opt-out preference in a cookie on your device. Similarly, in scenarios where we obtain your consent to place cookies on your device, we store your choice in a cookie.
Sign-in and authentication
. We use cookies to authenticate you. When you sign in to a website using your personal Microsoft account, we store a unique ID number, and the time you signed in, in an encrypted cookie on your device. This cookie allows you to move from page to page within the site without having to sign in again on each page. You can also save your sign-in information so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the site.
Security
. We use cookies to process information that helps us secure our products, as well as detect fraud and abuse.
Storing information you provide to a website
. We use cookies to remember information you shared. When you provide information to Microsoft, such as when you add products to a shopping cart on Microsoft websites, we store the data in a cookie for the purpose of remembering the information.
Social media
. Some of our websites include social media cookies, including those that enable users who are signed in to the social media service to share content via that service.
Feedback
. Microsoft uses cookies to enable you to provide feedback on a website.
Interest-based advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that is most relevant to you. You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Showing advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to record how many visitors have clicked on an advertisement and to record which advertisements you have seen, for example, so you do not see the same one repeatedly.
Analytics
. We use first- and third-party cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service and to develop other statistics about the operations of our products.
Performance
. Microsoft uses cookies to understand and improve how our products perform. For example, we use cookies to gather data that helps with load balancing; this helps us keep our websites remain up and running.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. Please see the “How to Control Cookies” section below for more information.
Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed below. This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate the primary purposes for which we typically set cookies. If you visit one of our websites, the site will set some or all of the following cookies:
MSCC
. Contains user choices for most Microsoft properties.
MUID, MC1, MSFPC, and MSPTC
. Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes.
ANON
. Contains the ANID, a unique identifier derived from your Microsoft account, which is used for advertising, personalization, and operational purposes. It is also used to preserve your choice to opt out of interest-based advertising from Microsoft if you have chosen to associate the opt-out with your Microsoft account.
CC
. Contains a country code as determined from your IP address.
PPAuth, MSPAuth, MSNRPSAuth, KievRPSAuth, WLSSC, MSPProf
. Helps to authenticate you when you sign in with your Microsoft account.
MC0
. Detects whether cookies are enabled in the browser.
MS0
. Identifies a specific session.
NAP
. Contains an encrypted version of your country, postal code, age, gender, language and occupation, if known, based on your Microsoft account profile.
MH
. Appears on co-branded sites where Microsoft is partnering with an advertiser. This cookie identifies the advertiser, so the right ad is selected.
childinfo, kcdob, kcrelid, kcru, pcfm
. Contains information that Microsoft account uses within its pages in relation to child accounts.
MR
. This cookie is used by Microsoft to reset or refresh the MUID cookie.
x-ms-gateway-slice
. Identifies a gateway for load balancing.
TOptOut
. Records your decision not to receive interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft. Where required, we place this cookie by default and remove it when you consent to interest-based advertising.
ApplicationGatewayAffinity
and
ApplicationGatewayAffinityCORS
.  These session cookies are used for load balancing purposes and to ensure requests for a user session are handled by the same server.
We may also use the cookies of other Microsoft affiliates, companies, and partners, such as LinkedIn and Xandr.
Third Party Cookies
In addition to the cookies Microsoft sets when you visit our websites, we also use cookies from third parties to enhance the services on our sites. Some third parties can also set cookies when you visit Microsoft sites. For example:
Companies we hire to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics, place cookies when you visit our sites.
Companies that deliver content on Microsoft sites, such as videos or news, or ads, place cookies on their own.
These companies use the data they process in accordance with their privacy policies, which may enable these companies to collect and combine information about your activities across websites, apps, or online services.
The following types of third-party cookies may be used, depending on the context, service or product, as well as your settings and permissions:
Social Media cookies.
We and third parties use social media cookies to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activity on our websites. They’re used to connect your activity on our websites to your social media profiles so the ads and content you see on our websites and on social media will better reflect your interests.
Analytics cookies.
We allow third parties to use analytics cookies to understand how you use our websites so we can make them better and the third parties can develop and improve their products, which they may use on websites that are not owned or operated by Microsoft. For example, analytics cookies are used to gather information about the pages you visit and how many clicks you need to accomplish a task. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
Advertising cookies.
We and third parties use advertising cookies to show you new ads by recording which ads you've already seen. They're also used to track which ads you click on or purchases you make after clicking on an ad for payment purposes, and to show you ads that are more relevant to you. For example, they're used to detect when you click on an ad and show you ads based on your social media interests and website browsing history.
Required cookies.
We use required cookies to perform essential website functions. For example, to log you in, save your language preferences, provide a shopping cart experience, improve performance, route traffic between web servers, detect the size of your screen, determine page load times, and measure audiences. These cookies are necessary for our websites to work.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie inventory
. The third party cookie inventory also includes links to those third parties’ websites or privacy notices. Please consult the third party websites or privacy notices for more information on their privacy practices with respect to their cookies that may be set on our websites. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
How to control cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but provide controls that allow you to block or delete them. For example, in Microsoft Edge, you can block or delete cookies by selecting
Settings
>
Privacy and services
>
Clear Browsing data
>
Cookies and other site data
. For more information about how to delete your cookies in Microsoft browsers, see
Microsoft Edge
,
Microsoft Edge Legacy
, or
Internet Explorer
. If you use a different browser, refer to that browser’s instructions.
As mentioned above, where required, we obtain your consent before placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. We separate these optional cookies by purpose, such as for advertising and social media purposes. You may consent to certain categories of optional cookies and not others. You also may adjust your choices by clicking “Manage cookies” in the footer of the website or through the settings made available on the website. Certain features of Microsoft products depend on cookies. If you choose to block cookies, you cannot sign in or use some of those features, and preferences that are dependent on cookies will be lost. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, are deleted and will need to be recreated.
Additional privacy controls that can impact cookies, including the tracking protections feature of Microsoft browsers, are described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Our use of web beacons and analytics services
Some Microsoft webpages contain electronic tags known as web beacons that we use to help deliver cookies on our websites, count users who have visited those websites, and deliver co-branded products. We also include web beacons or similar technologies in our electronic communications to determine whether you open and act on them.
In addition to placing web beacons on our own websites, we sometimes work with other companies to place our web beacons on their websites or in their advertisements. This helps us to, for example, develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement on a Microsoft website results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser's website. It also allows us to understand your activity on the website of a Microsoft partner in connection with your use of a Microsoft product or service.
Finally, Microsoft products often contain web beacons or similar technologies from third-party analytics providers, which help us compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations. These technologies enable the analytics providers to set or read their own cookies or other identifiers on your device, through which they can collect information about your online activities across applications, websites, or other products. However, we prohibit these analytics providers from using web beacons on our sites to collect or access information that directly identifies you (such as your name or email address). You can opt out of data collection or use by some of these analytics providers by visiting any of the following sites:
Adjust
,
AppsFlyer
,
Clicktale
,
Flurry Analytics
,
Google Analytics
(requires you to install a browser add-on),
Kissmetrics
,
Mixpanel
,
Nielsen
,
Acuity Ads
,
WebTrends
, or
Optimizely
.
Other similar technologies
In addition to standard cookies and web beacons, our products can also use other similar technologies to store and read data files on your computer. This is typically done to maintain your preferences or to improve speed and performance by storing certain files locally. But, like standard cookies, these technologies can also store a unique identifier for your computer, which can then track behavior. These technologies include Local Shared Objects (or "Flash cookies") and Silverlight Application Storage.
Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies."
Websites that use Adobe Flash technologies can use Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies" to store data on your computer. To learn how to manage or block Flash cookies, go to the
Flash Player help page
.
Silverlight Application Storage
. Websites or applications that use Microsoft Silverlight technology also have the ability to store data by using Silverlight Application Storage. To learn how to manage or block such storage, see the
Silverlight
section of this privacy statement.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
If you use a Microsoft product with an account provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as your work or school account, that organization can:
Control and administer your Microsoft product and product account, including controlling privacy-related settings of the product or product account.
Access and process your data, including the interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files associated with your Microsoft product and product accounts.
If you lose access to your work or school account (in event of change of employment, for example), you may lose access to products and the content associated with those products, including those you acquired on your own behalf, if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. If your organization provides you with access to Microsoft products, your use of the Microsoft products is subject to your organization's policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to your organization’s administrator. When you use social features in Microsoft products, other users in your network may see some of your activity. To learn more about the social features and other functionality, please review documentation or help content specific to the Microsoft product. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
When you use a Microsoft product provided by your organization, Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with that product is governed by a contract between Microsoft and your organization. Microsoft processes your personal data to provide the product to your organization and you, and in some cases for Microsoft’s business operations related to providing the product as described in the
Enterprise and developer products
section. As mentioned above, if you have questions about Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with providing products to your organization, please contact your organization. If you have questions about Microsoft’s business operations in connection with providing products to your organization as provided in the Product Terms, please contact Microsoft as described in the
How to contact us
section. For more information on our business operations, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section.
For Microsoft products provided by your K-12 school, including Microsoft 365 Education, Microsoft will:
not collect or use student personal data beyond that needed for authorized educational or school purposes;
not sell or rent student personal data;
not use or share student personal data for advertising or similar commercial purposes, such as behavioral targeting of advertisements to students;
not build a personal profile of a student, other than for supporting authorized educational or school purposes or as authorized by the parent, guardian, or student of appropriate age; and
require that our vendors with whom student personal data is shared to deliver the educational service, if any, are obligated to implement these same commitments for student personal data.
Back to top
Microsoft account
With a Microsoft account, you can sign in to Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing in to your Microsoft account enables personalization and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features.
There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
If you sign into a service offered by a third party with your Microsoft account, you will share with that third party the account data required by that service.
With a Microsoft account, you can sign into Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing into your Microsoft account enables personalization, consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features. There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
Personal Microsoft accounts
. The data associated with your personal Microsoft account, and how that data is used, depends on how you use the account.
Creating your Microsoft account
. When you create a personal Microsoft account, you will be asked to provide certain personal data and we will assign a unique ID number to identify your account and associated information. While some products, such as those involving payment, require a real name, you can sign in to and use other Microsoft products without providing your real name. Some data you provide, such as your display name, email address, and phone number, can be used to help others find and connect with you within Microsoft products. For example, people who know your display name, email address, or phone number can use it to search for you on Skype or Microsoft Teams for personal use and send you an invite to connect with them. Note that if you use a work or school email address to create a personal Microsoft account, your employer or school may gain access to your data. In some cases, you will need to change the email address to a personal email address in order to continue accessing consumer-oriented products (such as the Xbox network).
Signing in to Microsoft account
. When you sign in to your Microsoft account, we create a record of your sign-in, which includes the date and time, information about the product you signed in to, your sign-in name, the unique number assigned to your account, a unique identifier assigned to your device, your IP address, and your operating system and browser version.
Signing in to Microsoft products
. Signing in to your account enables improved personalization, provides seamless and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to access and use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other enhanced features and settings. For example, when you sign in, Microsoft makes information saved to your account available across Microsoft products so important things are right where you need them. When you sign in to your account, you will stay signed in until you sign out. If you add your Microsoft account to a Windows device (version 8 or higher), Windows will automatically sign you in to products that use Microsoft account when you access those products on that device. When you are signed in, some products will display your name or username and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) as part of your use of Microsoft products, including in your communications, social interactions, and public posts.
Learn more about your Microsoft account, your data, and your choices
.
Signing in to third-party products
. If you sign in to a third-party product with your Microsoft account, you will share data with the third party in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy. The third party will also receive the version number assigned to your account (a new version number is assigned each time you change your sign-in data); and information that describes whether your account has been deactivated. If you share your profile data, the third party can display your name or user name and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) when you are signed in to that third-party product. If you chose to make payments to third-party merchants using your Microsoft account, Microsoft will pass information stored in your Microsoft account to the third party or its vendors (e.g., payment processors) as necessary to process your payment and fulfill your order (such as name, credit card number, billing and shipping addresses, and relevant contact information). The third party can use or share the data it receives when you sign in or make a purchase according to its own practices and policies.
You should carefully review the privacy statement for each product you sign in to and each merchant you purchase from to determine how it will use the data it collects
.
Work or school accounts
. The data associated with a work or school account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account.
If your employer or school uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides you, you can use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft products, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, and third-party products provided to you by your organization. If required by your organization, you will also be asked to provide a phone number or an alternative email address for additional security verification. And, if allowed by your organization, you may also use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft or third-party products that you acquire for yourself.
If you sign in to Microsoft products with a work or school account, note:
The owner of the domain associated with your email address may control and administer your account, and access and process your data, including the contents of your communications and files, including data stored in products provided to you by your organization, and products you acquire by yourself.
Your use of the products is subject to your organization’s policies, if any. You should consider both your organization’s policies and whether you are comfortable enabling your organization to access your data before you choose to use your work or school account to sign in to products you acquire for yourself.
If you lose access to your work or school account (if you change employers, for example), you may lose access to products, including content associated with those products, you acquired on your own behalf if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of your organization, which may differ from those of Microsoft.
If your organization is administering your use of Microsoft products, please direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data subject rights, to your administrator. See also the
Notice to end users
section of this privacy statement.
If you are uncertain whether your account is a work or school account, please contact your organization.
Third-party accounts
. The data associated with a third-party Microsoft account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account. Your service provider has control over your account, including the ability to access or delete your account.
You should carefully review the terms the third party provided you to understand what it can do with your account
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Collection of data from children
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. Learn more about personal and school accounts in the
Microsoft account section
of the Privacy Statement and
Microsoft Family Safety
in the product-specific section. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages. Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. Select Learn more below for more information about how to access and delete child data and information about children and Xbox profiles.
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
.
Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. See below for more information about how to access and delete child data.
Below is additional information about the collection of data from children, including more details as related to Xbox.
Accessing and deleting child data.
For Microsoft products and services that require parental consent, a parent can view and delete certain data belonging to their child from the parent’s
privacy dashboard
: browsing history, search history, location activity, media activity, apps and service activity, and product and service performance data. To delete this data, a parent can sign in to their
privacy dashboard
and manage their child’s activities. Please note that a parent’s ability to access and/or delete a child’s personal information on their privacy dashboard will vary depending on the laws where you are located.
Additionally, a parent can contact our
privacy support team
through the
privacy support form
and, following authentication, request that the data types on the privacy dashboard together with the following data be deleted: software, setup, and inventory; device connectivity and configuration; feedback and ratings; fitness and activity; support content; support interactions; and environmental sensor. We process authenticated deletion requests within 30 days of receipt.
Please note that content like emails, contacts, and chats are accessible through in-product experiences. You can find more information about data you are able to control within Microsoft products by visiting our
Privacy Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
.
If your child’s account is not a part of your Microsoft family group and you do not have access to your child’s activity on your privacy dashboard, then you need to submit a request related to your child’s data through the
privacy support form
. The privacy team will ask for account verification before fulfilling the request.
To delete all of your child’s personal information, you must request deletion of the child’s account through the
close your account form
. This link will prompt you to sign in with your child’s account credentials. Check that the page shows the correct Microsoft account, and then follow the instructions to request that your child’s account be deleted.
Learn more about how to close a Microsoft account
.
After you submit the request to close your child’s account, we will wait 60 days before permanently deleting the account in case you change your mind or need to access something on the account before it is permanently closed and deleted. During the waiting period, the account is marked for closure and permanent deletion, but it still exists. If you want to reopen your child’s Microsoft account, just sign in again within that 60-day period. We will cancel the account closure, and the account will be reinstated.
What is Xbox?
Xbox is the gaming and entertainment division of Microsoft. Xbox hosts an online network that consists of software and enables online experiences crossing multiple platforms. This network lets your child find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When users sign in to Xbox, in apps, games or on an Xbox console, we assign a unique identifier to their device. For instance, when their Xbox console is connected to the internet and they sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system they are using.
Xbox continues to provide new experiences in client apps that are connected to and backed by services such as Xbox network and cloud gaming. When signed in to an Xbox experience, we collect required data to help keep these experiences safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Data we collect when you create an Xbox profile
. You as the parent or guardian are required to consent to the collection of personal data from a child under 13 years old or as otherwise specified by your jurisdiction. With your permission, your child can have an Xbox profile and use the online Xbox network. During the child Xbox profile creation, you will sign in with your own Microsoft account to verify that you are an adult organizer in your Microsoft family group. We collect an alternate email address or phone number to boost account security. If your child needs help accessing their account, they will be able to use one of these alternates to validate they own the Microsoft account.
We collect limited information about children, including name, birthdate, email address, and region. When you sign your child up for an Xbox profile, they get a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you create your child’s Xbox profile you consent to Microsoft collecting, using, and sharing information based on their privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network. Your child’s privacy and communication settings are defaulted to the most restrictive.
Data we collect
. We collect information about your child’s use of Xbox services, games, apps, and devices including:
When they sign in and sign out of Xbox, purchase history, and content they obtain.
Which games they play and apps they use, their game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content they add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video they capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections they make (friends they add and people who follow them) on the Xbox network.
If your child uses an Xbox console or Xbox app on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time they sign in to Xbox, even if they have been playing offline.
Xbox diagnostic data
. If your child uses Xbox console, Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. Required data is the minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your child’s in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat if your child’s privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network allow it.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it. This data may also be used to provide a safe gaming environment and enforce the
Community Standards for Xbox
.
Data use
. Microsoft uses the data we collect when your child uses Xbox to improve gaming products and experiences— making it safer and more fun over time. Data we collect also enables us to provide your child with curated experiences. This includes connecting them to games, content, services, and recommendations.
Xbox data viewable by others
. When your child is using the Xbox network, their online presence (which can be set to “appear offline” or “blocked”), gamertag, game play statistics, and achievements are visible to other players on the network. Depending on how you set your child’s Xbox safety settings, they might share information when playing or communicating with others on the Xbox network.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips your child uploads, conversations they have, and things they post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how they use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Xbox data shared with game and apps publishers
. When your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about their usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your child’s Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your child’s in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game or types of vehicles used in-game), your child’s presence on the Xbox network, the time they spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs they belong to, official club memberships, and any content they create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use your child’s data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from the game or app detail pages in our stores.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where they have been installed. Some publisher access to your child’s data may be revoked at
microsoft.com/consent
.
Managing child settings
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, you can manage a child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page, as well as their Xbox profile privacy settings from their
Xbox Privacy & online safety page
.
You can also use the
Xbox Family Settings
app to manage your child’s experience on the Xbox Network including: spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, viewing your child’s Xbox activity, and setting age ratings and the amount of screen time. Xbox-specific Family Safety settings will apply on Xbox console or via Xbox on PC or mobile device but may not be applied on other platforms.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data. This data helps keep your child’s console functioning as expected.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control game play. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console, is not shared with anyone, and can be deleted at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between the joints on your child’s body to create a stick figure representation to enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Other important privacy information
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Security of personal data
Microsoft is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential data (such as a credit card number or password) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption. Microsoft complies with applicable data protection laws, including applicable security breach notification laws.
Back to top
Where we store and process personal data
Personal data collected by Microsoft may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States, and in any other jurisdiction where Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities. Microsoft maintains major data centers in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Luxembourg, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Singapore, South Africa, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Typically, the primary storage location is in the customer’s region or in the United States, often with a backup to a data center in another region. The storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate and provide our services efficiently, improve performance, and create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem. We take steps to process the data that we collect under this privacy statement according to this statement’s provisions and the requirements of applicable law.
We transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not yet been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. For example, their laws may not guarantee you the same rights, or there may not be a privacy supervisory authority there that is capable of addressing your complaints. When we engage in such transfers, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts such as the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission under Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914, to help protect your rights and enable these protections to travel with your data. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal data in the countries where Microsoft processes personal data, see this article on
the European Commission website
.
Microsoft Corporation complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In the context of an onward transfer, Microsoft Corporation has responsibility for the processing of personal data it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. Microsoft Corporation remains liable under the DPF if our agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF, unless Microsoft Corporation can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
. The controlled U.S. subsidiaries of Microsoft Corporation, as identified in our self-certification submission, also adhere to the DPF Principles—for more info, see the list of
Microsoft U.S. Entities Covered by Data Privacy Framework Certification
.
If you have a question or complaint related to participation by Microsoft in the DPF Frameworks, we encourage you to contact us via our
web form
. For any complaints related to the DPF Frameworks that Microsoft cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to cooperate with the relevant EU Data Protection Authority, or a panel established by the European data protection authorities, for resolving disputes with EU individuals, the UK Information Commissioner (for UK individuals), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) for resolving disputes with Swiss individuals. Please contact us if you’d like us to direct you to your data protection authority contacts. As further explained in the DPF Principles, binding arbitration is available to address residual complaints not resolved by other means. Microsoft is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Individuals whose personal data is protected by Japan's Act on the Protection of Personal Information should refer to the article on the
Japanese Personal Information Protection Commission’s website
(only published in Japanese) for more information on the commission’s review of certain countries’ personal data protection systems. For individuals in Japan, please click
here
for additional information on the processing of information under the Telecommunications Business Act (in Japanese only).
Back to top
Our retention of personal data
Microsoft retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types, the context of our interactions with you or your use of products, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
Other criteria used to determine the retention periods include:
Do customers provide, create, or maintain the data with the expectation we will retain it until they affirmatively remove it?
Examples include a document you store in OneDrive, or an email message you keep in your Outlook.com inbox. In such cases, we would aim to maintain the data until you actively delete it, such as by moving an email from your Outlook.com inbox to the Deleted Items folder, and then emptying that folder (when your Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion). (Note that there may be other reasons why the data has to be deleted sooner, for example if you exceed limits on how much data can be stored in your account.)
Is there an automated control, such as in the Microsoft privacy dashboard, that enables the customer to access and delete the personal data at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal data of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be adopted.
Has Microsoft adopted and announced a specific retention period for a certain data type?
For example, for Bing search queries, we de-identify stored queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Has the user provided consent for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain data in accordance with your consent.
Is Microsoft subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain or delete the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data retained for the purposes of litigation. Conversely, if we are required by law to remove unlawful content, we will do so.
Back to top
U.S. State Data Privacy
If you are a U.S. resident, we process your personal data in accordance with applicable U.S. state data privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). This section of our privacy statement contains information required by the CCPA and other U.S. state data privacy laws and supplements our privacy statement.
Please note that rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized. We will update our processes, disclosures, and this notice as these implementing rules are finalized, and as otherwise necessary.
Please also see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
and our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the data we collect, process, share and disclose, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Sale
. We do not sell your personal data. So, we do not offer an opt-out to the sale of personal data.
Profiling
.  We do not engage in “profiling” that utilizes your personal data for automated decision-making that produces legal or similarly significant effects.  So, we do not offer an opt-out for this type of profiling.
Share
. We may “share” your personal data, as defined under California and other applicable U.S. state laws, for personalized advertising purposes. As noted in our
Advertising
section, we do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of data we share for personalized advertising purposes, the recipients of the personal data, and our purposes of processing. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Demographic data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Subscription and licensing data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Interactions
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Please see the
Advertising
section for more information about our advertising practices, and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information on “sharing” for personalized advertising purposes under applicable U.S. state laws.
Rights.
You have the right to (i) know what personal data we collect, use, disclose, “share”, and sell, (ii) delete your personal data, (iii) correct your personal data, (iv) restrict the use and disclosure of your sensitive data, (v) receive a copy of your personal data, and (vi) opt-out of “sharing” your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising purposes on third party sites. You may make these requests yourself or through an authorized agent. If you use an authorized agent, we provide your agent with
detailed guidance
on how to exercise your privacy rights. Please see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for additional information on how to exercise these rights.
Universal Opt-Outs.
Microsoft receives and responds to the Global Privacy Control (GPC) browser opt-out signal. Microsoft will turn off sharing your data with third parties for personalized ads if we receive a GPC signal from you when you visit our sites.
You may have additional rights related to your consumer health data as defined by applicable state consumer health privacy laws. Please see our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for information on the rights available under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act (MHMDA) and other applicable U.S. consumer health privacy laws.
If you have a Microsoft account, you can exercise your rights through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
, which requires you to log in to your Microsoft account. If you have an additional request or questions after using the dashboard, you may contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section, use our
web form
, or call our US toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038. If you do not have an account, you may exercise your rights by contacting us as described above. To further protect your personal data, we may ask for additional information, such as your country of residence, email address, and phone number to validate your identity and request before honoring the request.
You may indicate your choice to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising on third party sites by visiting our
sharing opt-out page
. You can also control the personalized advertising you see on Microsoft properties by visiting our
opt-out page
.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than those listed below, without your consent, or as permitted or required under applicable laws. So, we do not offer an ability to limit the use of sensitive data.
If you have made a request to Microsoft to know, delete, correct, or receive your personal information and believe your request was denied by Microsoft, you can exercise your right to appeal the results of your request by contacting our privacy support team via our web form. If your appeal is unsuccessful and depending upon the state where you live, you may have the right to raise a concern or lodge a complaint with your state attorney general.
You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise your privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Personal information processing
. In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of personal data we collect, the sources of the personal data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third-party recipients with whom we provide the personal data. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section. Please see the
Our retention of personal data
section for information on personal data retention criteria.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and partners with whom we offer co-branded services
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; respond to customer questions; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Credentials
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; authentication and account access; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Demographic data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and purchases from data brokers
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product development; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Payment data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and financial institutions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Transact commerce; process transactions; fulfill orders; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and detect and prevent fraud
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Subscription and licensing data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users; third-party storefronts and platforms on which our products are purchased
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide, personalize, and activate our products; customer support; help, secure, and troubleshoot; marketing; and accounting
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Interactions
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users including data Microsoft generates through those interactions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Content
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Video or recordings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and publicly available sources
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Feedback and ratings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; customer support; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for each category of personal data, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Personal data we collect
section, such as developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products. Similarly, we process all categories of personal data for the purposes described in the
How we use personal data
section, such as meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
Subject to your
privacy settings
, your consent, and depending on the products you use and your choices, we may collect, process, or disclose certain personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws. Sensitive data is a subset of personal data. In the list below, we outline the categories of sensitive data we collect, the sources of the sensitive data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third party recipients with whom we share the sensitive data. Please see the
Personal data we collect
section for more information about the sensitive data we may collect.
Categories of Sensitive Data
Account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number, and the means to access the account (security or access code, password, credentials, etc.)
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the product and fulfill requested financial transactions
Recipients: Service providers and payment processing providers
Precise geo-location information
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the service requested; product improvement; some attributes may be disclosed to third parties to provide the service
Recipients: Users and service providers (please see the
Windows Location Services and Recording
section of our privacy statement for more information)
Racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences
Recipients: Service providers
Medical or mental health, sex life, or sexual orientation
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences and accessibility
Recipients: Service providers
Contents of your mail, email, or text messages (where Microsoft is not the intended recipient of the communication)
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; improve the product experience; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers
Personal data collected from a known child under 13 years of age
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; recommendations; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities (in accordance with your Microsoft Family Safety
settings
)
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for personal data collected from children under 13, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Collection of Data from Children
section.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than the following:
Perform the services or provide the goods you reasonably expect
Help ensure the security and integrity of our services, systems, and data, to combat malicious deceptive, fraudulent or illegal acts, and to protect the physical safety of individuals, to the extent the processing is reasonably necessary and proportionate
For short-term transient use (including non-personalized advertising), so long as the personal data is not disclosed to a third party, is not used for profiling, and is not used to alter an individual’s experience outside the current interaction with Microsoft
Perform services on behalf of Microsoft, such as maintaining accounts, providing customer service, processing, or fulfilling orders/transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics, providing storage, and similar services
Undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of, or improve, upgrade, or enhance a service or device owned or controlled by Microsoft
Collect or process sensitive data where the collection or processing is not for inferring characteristics about the individual
Any other activities in accordance with any future regulations that are issued pursuant to U.S. state data privacy laws
De-Identified Data
. In some situations, Microsoft may process de-identified data. Data is in this state when we are not able to link data to an individual to whom such data may relate without taking additional steps. In those instances, and unless allowed under applicable law, we will maintain such information in a de-identified state, and will not try to re-identify the individual to whom the de-identified data relates.
Disclosures of personal data for business or commercial purposes
. As indicated in the
Reasons we share personal data
section, we share personal data with third parties for various business and commercial purposes. The primary business and commercial purposes for which we share personal data are the purposes of processing listed in the table above. However, we share all categories of personal data for the business and commercial purposes in the
Reasons we share personal data
section.
Parties that control collection of personal data
. In certain situations, we may allow a third party to control the collection of your personal data. For example, third party applications or extensions that run on Windows or Edge browser may collect personal data based on their own practices.
Microsoft allows advertising companies to collect information about your interactions with our websites in order to deliver personalized ads on Microsoft’s behalf.  You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
Back to top
Advertising
Advertising allows us to provide, support, and improve some of our products. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use other data, detailed below, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. For example:
Microsoft may use data we collect to select and deliver some of the ads you see on Microsoft web properties, such as
Microsoft.com
, Microsoft Start, and Bing. We may also use such data to select and deliver ads on third party digital properties.
When the advertising ID is enabled in Windows as part of your privacy settings, third parties can access and use the advertising ID (much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie) to select and deliver ads in such apps.
We may share data we collect with internal and external partners, such as Xandr, Yahoo, or Facebook (see below), so that the ads you see in our products and their products are more relevant and valuable to you.
Advertisers may choose to place our web beacons on their sites, or use similar technologies, in order to allow Microsoft to collect information on their sites such as activities, purchases, and visits; we use this data on behalf of our advertising customers to provide ads.
The ads that you see may be selected based on data we process about you, such as your interests and favorites, your location, your transactions, how you use our products, your search queries, or the content you view. For example, if you view content on Microsoft Start about automobiles, we may show advertisements about cars; if you search “pizza places in Seattle” on Bing, you may see advertisements in your search results for restaurants in Seattle.
The ads that you see may also be selected based on other information learned about you over time using demographic data, location data, search queries, interests and favorites, usage data from our products and sites, and the information we collect about you from the sites and apps of our advertisers and partners. We refer to these ads as "personalized advertising" in this statement. For example, if you view gaming content on
xbox.com
, you may see ads for games on Microsoft Start. To provide personalized advertising, we combine cookies placed on your device using information that we collect (such as IP address) when your browser interacts with our websites. If you opt out of receiving personalized advertising, data associated with these cookies will not be used.
We may use information about you to serve you with personalized advertising when you use Microsoft services. If you are logged in with your Microsoft account and have consented to allow Microsoft Edge to use your online activity for personalized advertising, you will see ads for products and services based on your online activity while using Microsoft Edge. To configure your privacy settings for Edge, go to Microsoft Edge > Settings > Privacy and Services. To configure your privacy and ad settings for your Microsoft account with respect to your online activity across browsers, including Microsoft Edge, or when visiting third-party websites or apps, go to your dashboard at
privacy.microsoft.com
.
Further details regarding our advertising-related uses of data include:
Advertising industry best practices and commitments
. Microsoft is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. We also adhere to the following self-regulatory programs:
In the US:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
In Europe:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
In Canada:
Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
/
Choix de Pub: l'Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC)
Health-related ad targeting
. In the United States, we provide personalized advertising based on a limited number of standard, non-sensitive health-related interest categories, including allergies, arthritis, cholesterol, cold and flu, diabetes, gastrointestinal health, headache / migraine, healthy eating, healthy heart, men’s health, oral health, osteoporosis, skin health, sleep, and vision / eye care. We will also personalize ads based on custom, non-sensitive health-related interest categories as requested by advertisers.
Children and advertising
. We do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
Data retention
. For personalized advertising, we retain data for no more than 13 months, unless we obtain your consent to retain the data longer.
Sensitive Data
. Microsoft Advertising does not collect, process, or disclose personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws for the purposes of providing personalized advertising.
Data sharing
. In some cases, we share with advertisers reports about the data we have collected on their sites or ads.
Data collected by other advertising companies
. Advertisers sometimes include their own web beacons (or those of their other advertising partners) within their advertisements that we display, enabling them to set and read their own cookie. Additionally, Microsoft partners with
Xandr
, a Microsoft company, and third-party ad companies to help provide some of our advertising services, and we also allow other third-party ad companies to display advertisements on our sites. These third parties may place cookies on your computer and collect data about your online activities across websites or online services. These companies currently include, but are not limited to:
Facebook
,
Media.ne
t
,
Outb
rain
,
Taboola
and
Yah
oo
. Select any of the preceding links to find more information on each company's practices, including the choices it offers. Many of these companies are also members of the
NAI
or
DAA
, which each provide a simple way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies.
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, visit our
opt-out
page. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
Back to top
Speech recognition technologies
Speech recognition technologies are integrated into many Microsoft products and services. Microsoft provides both device-based speech recognition features and cloud-based (online) speech recognition features. Microsoft’s speech recognition technology transcribes voice data into text. With your permission, Microsoft employees and vendors working on behalf of Microsoft, will be able to review snippets of your voice data or voice clips in order to build and improve our speech recognition technologies. These improvements allow us to build better voice-enabled capabilities that benefit users across all our consumer and enterprise products and services. Prior to employee or vendor review of voice data, we protect users’ privacy by taking steps to de-identify the data, requiring non-disclosure agreements with relevant vendors and their employees, and requiring that employees and vendors meet high privacy standards.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Back to top
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Microsoft offers preview, insider, beta or other free-of-charge products and features ("previews") to enable you to evaluate them while providing Microsoft with data about your use of the product, including feedback and device and usage data. As a result, previews can automatically collect additional data, provide fewer controls, and otherwise employ different privacy and security measures than those typically present in our products. If you participate in previews, we may contact you about your feedback or your interest in continuing to use the product after general release.
Back to top
Changes to this privacy statement
We update this privacy statement when necessary to provide greater transparency or in response to:
Feedback from customer, regulators, industry, or other stakeholders.
Changes in our products.
Changes in our data processing activities or policies.
When we post changes to this statement, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the statement and describe the changes on the
Change history
page. If there are material changes to the statement, such as a change to the purposes of processing of personal data that is not consistent with the purpose for which it was originally collected, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to learn how Microsoft is protecting your information.
Back to top
How to contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or the Data Protection Officer for your region, please contact us by using our
web form
. We will respond to questions or concerns as required by law and within a period no longer than 30 days. You can also raise a concern or lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or other official with jurisdiction.
When Microsoft is a controller, unless otherwise stated, Microsoft Corporation and, for those in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited are the data controllers for personal data we collect through the products subject to this statement. Our addresses are:
Microsoft Privacy, Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052, USA. Telephone: +1 (425) 882 8080.
Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Attn: Data Protection Officer, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Telephone: +353 1 706 3117.
To find the Microsoft subsidiary in your country or region, see the list of
Microsoft office locations around the world
.
The representative of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited within the meaning of Art. 14 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection is Microsoft Schweiz GmbH, The Circle 02, 8058 Zürich-Flughafen, Switzerland.
If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy law, you may contact Microsoft at the U.S. address listed above, use our
web form
, or call our U.S. toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038.
If you are a resident of Canada and its provinces you may contact the Microsoft Data Protection Officer for Canada at Microsoft Canada Head Office, 4400-81 Bay St, Toronto, ON, M5J 0E7, at +1 (416) 349 2506, or by using our
web form
.
Where French law applies, you can also send us specific instructions regarding the use of your personal data after your death, by using our
web form
.
If you have a technical or support question, please visit
Microsoft Support
to learn more about Microsoft Support offerings. If you have a personal Microsoft account password question, please visit
Microsoft account support
.
We offer various means for you to control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and to exercise your data protection rights. You can do so by contacting Microsoft at our
web form
or the information above, or by using the various tools we provide. Please see the
How to access and control your personal data
section for additional details.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Microsoft leverages the power of artificial intelligence (AI) in many of our products and services, including by incorporating generative AI features such as Microsoft Copilot capabilities. Microsoft’s deployment and use of AI is subject to Microsoft’s
AI Principles
and Microsoft’s
Responsible AI Standard
, and Microsoft’s collection and use of personal data in developing and deploying AI features is consistent with commitments outlined in this privacy statement. Product-specific details provide additional relevant information. You can find out more about how Microsoft uses AI
here
.
Microsoft Copilot capabilities.
Microsoft Copilot
is Microsoft’s everyday AI companion, and is designed to help you achieve more through a single experience that runs across devices, understanding relevant context on the web, on your PC, and across apps to bring you the right skills at the right time. With the help of Copilot, users can start a draft of a new Word document; or generate a PowerPoint presentation when accessing Copilot in M365 apps, quickly find the answers to complex search queries online, find relevant documents or other personal content, or be inspired to create new songs, stories, images, or other content, among other tasks. Copilot is a family of services, and Microsoft’s collection and use of data may differ depending on the service and the intended functionality in a given scenario.
The Copilot
website
and app (available on iOS and Android) is the core of the consumer Copilot experience. Within this core experience, users can search the web, create text, images, songs, or other outputs, or engage with other features, such as plugins. On the website and in the app, users enter “prompts” that provide instructions to Copilot (e.g., “Give me recommendations for a restaurant that accommodates parties of 10 near me”). In order to provide a relevant response, Copilot will use this prompt, along with the user’s location, language, and similar settings, to formulate a helpful response. In some markets, authenticated users can choose to allow Copilot to have access to prior prompt history to better personalize the product. The consumer Copilot product uses the data collected to provide and improve the Copilot services, including to provide relevant advertising. Users who are signed-in to their account can manage their prompt history in product and on the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard, and can adjust their location, language, and other settings in the product.
Copilot also appears as an assistant within other Microsoft consumer products, such as Bing and Microsoft Edge. In those situations, data processing activities generally align with those products’ primary uses. For example, Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in the Search and Browse section of this privacy statement. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
. In Microsoft Edge, Copilot appears in the sidebar experience and can help the user complete tasks related to the webpages they visit (e.g., “summarize this page”). This data is used consistent with the Microsoft Edge section of this privacy statement.
Copilot Pro
is another consumer Copilot offering, and offers subscribers priority access to the very latest models, improved image creation abilities, and access to Copilot in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, OneNote, Excel, and Outlook. The main Copilot Pro website and app has similar data collection, use, and controls as consumer Copilot, as described above. Similar Copilot functionality is also included in Microsoft 365 Family and Microsoft 365 Personal subscriptions. When Copilot is integrated with Microsoft 365 products, Copilot data collection is consistent with how data collection and use is described in the Productivity and Communications section of this privacy statement.
There are also Copilot offerings designed for enterprise users. When enabled by an eligible enterprise, users logged in with their Entra ID who want to access consumer Copilot services are offered Copilot with Commercial Data Protection, which minimizes data collection and use consistent with the expectations of enterprise users. More information on Copilot with Commercial Data Protection is available
here
.
Microsoft 365 Copilot, available for Microsoft 365 enterprise offerings, provides enterprise-grade data protection along with access to the corporate graph, Copilot within Microsoft 365 and Teams, and additional customization features. Data collection and use in Microsoft 365 Copilot is consistent with the practices described in the Enterprise and Developer Products section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise online services
To provide the Enterprise Online Services, Microsoft uses data you provide (including Customer Data, Personal Data, Administrator Data, Payment Data, and Support Data) and data Microsoft collects or generates associated with your use of the Enterprise Online Services. We process data as described in the
Product Terms
,
Microsoft Products and Services Data Protection Addendum (Products and Services DPA),
and the
Microsoft Trust Center
.
Personal Data
. Customer is the controller of Personal Data and Microsoft is the processor of such data, except when (a) Customer acts as a processor of Personal Data, in which case Microsoft is a subprocessor or (b) as stated otherwise in the standard
Products and Services DPA
. In addition, as provided in the standard
Products and Services DPA
, Microsoft has taken on the added responsibilities of a data controller under GDPR when processing Personal Data in connection with its business operations incident to providing its services to Microsoft’s commercial customers, such as billing and account management; compensation; internal reporting and business modeling; and financial reporting. We use Personal Data in the least identifiable form that will support processing necessary for these business operations. We rely on statistical data and aggregate pseudonymized Personal Data before using it for our business operations, removing the ability to identify specific individuals.
Administrator Data
. Administrator Data is the information provided to Microsoft during sign-up, purchase, or administration of Enterprise Online Services. We use Administrator Data to provide the Enterprise Online Services, complete transactions, service the account, detect and prevent fraud, and comply with our legal obligations. Administrator Data includes the name, address, phone number, and email address you provide, as well as aggregated usage data related to your account, such as the controls you select. Administrator Data also includes contact information of your colleagues and friends if you agree to provide it to Microsoft for the limited purpose of sending them an invitation to use the Enterprise Online Services; we contact those individuals with communications that include information about you, such as your name and profile photo.
As needed, we use Administrator Data to contact you to provide information about your account, subscriptions, billing, and updates to the Enterprise Online Services, including information about new features, security, or other technical issues. We also contact you regarding third-party inquiries we receive regarding use of the Enterprise Online Services, as described in your agreement. You cannot unsubscribe from these non-promotional communications. We may also contact you regarding information and offers about other products and services, or share your contact information with Microsoft's partners. When such a partner has specific services or solutions to meet your needs, or to optimize your use of the Enterprise Online Services, we may share limited, aggregated information about your organization’s account with the partner. Microsoft will not share your confidential information or contact information with the authorized partner unless we have sufficient rights to do so. You can manage your contact preferences or update your information in your account profile.
Payment Data
. We use payment data to complete transactions, as well as to detect and prevent fraud.
Support Data
. Customers provide or authorize Microsoft to collect data in connection with obtaining technical support for the Enterprise Online Services. We process Support Data to provide technical support and as described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Local Software and Diagnostic Data
. Some Online Services may require, or may be enhanced by, the installation of local software (e.g., agents, device management applications). The local software may collect Diagnostic Data (as defined in the
Products and Services DPA
) about the use and performance of that software. That data may be transmitted to Microsoft and used for the purposes described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Bing Search Services Data
. Bing Search Services, as defined in the Product Terms, use data such as search queries as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances collect data to operate effectively and provide you the best experiences. The data we collect depends on the features you use, as well as your configuration and settings, but it is generally limited to device and usage data. Customers have choices about the data they provide. Here are examples of the data we collect:
During installation or when you upgrade an enterprise and developer software, we may collect device and usage data to learn whether you experience any difficulties.
When you use enterprise software or enterprise appliances, we may collect device and usage data to learn about your operating environment to improve security features.
When you experience a crash using enterprise software or enterprise appliances, you may choose to send Microsoft an error report to help us diagnose the problem and deliver customer support.
Microsoft uses the data we collect from enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances to provide and improve our products, to deliver customer support, to activate the product, to communicate with you, and to operate our business.
Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management platform and includes products that can be installed separately (such as SQL Server Management Studio). For detailed information about what data we collect, how we use it, and how to manage your privacy options, visit the
SQL Server privacy page
. If you work in an organization, your administrator can set certain telemetry settings in SQL Server via Group Policy.
HoloLens
. HoloLens headsets are self-contained Windows computers with Wi-Fi connectivity that enable a mixed reality experience for apps and solutions. Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows running on HoloLens up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve HoloLens and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
HoloLens also processes and collects data related to the HoloLens experience and device, which include cameras, microphones, and infrared sensors that enable motions and voice to navigate.
If you choose, cameras can be used to sign you in automatically using your iris. To do this, HoloLens takes an image of your iris and measures distances between key points to create and store a numeric value that represents only you. This data stays on the HoloLens and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
HoloLens also detects hand gestures intended for system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your HoloLens device and is not stored.
HoloLens derives tracking points based on your environment which allows it to understand surfaces in space and allows you to place digital assets on them. There are no images associated with this environmental data and it is stored locally on the HoloLens device. You can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands for navigation, controlling apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Productivity and communications products
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft 365, previous versions called Office 365, is a collection of subscription productivity services and applications including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and OneNote, among others. Office is the one-time purchase version of these applications available on PC or Mac and includes Access and Publisher. Both Microsoft 365 and Office are comprised of client software applications and connected online services (or web apps in the case of Microsoft 365 for the web) that span many platforms and have numerous interdependent experiences. For more details about Outlook, see the
Outlook
section of this privacy statement.
Various cloud-based Microsoft 365 services enable you to use your file content for designs and recommendations, collaborate with others within your documents, and provide you functionality from other Microsoft products, such as Bing, and third-party connected products. If you work in an organization, your administrator may turn off or disable these connected services. You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office apps. For more information, see
Account Privacy Settings
.
Office Roaming Service
. The Office Roaming Service helps keep your settings, including your privacy settings, up to date across your devices running Microsoft 365 or Office apps. When you sign in to your apps with either your Microsoft account or an account issued by your organization, the service syncs some of your customized settings to Microsoft servers. For example, the service syncs a list of most recently used documents or the last location viewed within a document. When you sign in to another device with the same account, the Office Roaming Service downloads your settings from Microsoft servers and applies them to the additional device. When you sign out of your apps, the service removes your settings from your device. Any changes you make to your customized settings are sent to Microsoft servers.
Updates from Microsoft
. Microsoft uses services such as Click-to-Run, Microsoft AutoUpdate (for Mac), or Microsoft Update (for some versions of Office) to provide you with security and other important updates.
These services can automatically detect the availability of online updates for Microsoft 365 or Office apps on your device and download and install them automatically.
Diagnostic Data
. Diagnostic data is used to (i) keep your Microsoft 365 or Office apps secure and up to date; (ii) detect, diagnose, and remediate problems; and (iii) make product improvements. This data does not include a user’s name or email address, the content of the user’s files, or information about apps unrelated to Microsoft 365 or Office. Users have a choice between two different levels of diagnostic data collection, Required and Optional.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep apps secure, up to date, and performing as expected on the device it’s installed on.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help us detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
See
Diagnostic Data
for more information.
Connected Experiences
. Microsoft 365 continues to provide more experiences in client applications that are connected to and backed by cloud-based services. A subset of these connected experiences is also available in Office. If you choose to use connected experiences, required service data will be collected to help keep these connected experiences reliable, up to date, secure, and performing as expected. See below for additional information about required service data.
Working with others on a document stored on OneDrive or translating the contents of a Word document into a different language are examples of connected experiences. There are two types of connected experiences.
Experiences that analyze your content
. Experiences that use your file content to provide you with design recommendations, editing suggestions, data insights, and similar features. For example, PowerPoint Designer or Editor in Word.
Experiences that download online content
. Experiences that allow you to search and download online content including templates, images, 3D models, videos, and reference materials to enhance your documents. For example, templates or PowerPoint QuickStarter.
You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office client apps. These privacy settings allow you to configure your connected experiences. For example, you can choose to enable connected experiences that download online content, but not connected experiences that analyze content. Turning off connected experiences will also turn off additional experiences, such as document co-authoring and online file storage. But even if you use this privacy setting to turn off connected experiences, certain functionality will remain available, such as syncing your mailbox in Outlook, as well as essential services described below. These controls are not available when using Microsoft 365 for the web, since you will already be cloud-connected. For more information about accessing these controls, see
Account Privacy Settings.
If you choose to disable certain types of connected experiences, either the ribbon or menu command for those connected experiences will be grayed out or you will get an error message when you try to use those connected experiences.
Essential services
. There are a set of services that are essential to how Microsoft 365 and Office functions and cannot be disabled. For example, the licensing service that confirms that you are properly licensed to use Microsoft 365 is essential. Required service data about these services is collected and sent to Microsoft, regardless of any other settings that you have configured. See
Essential Services
for more information.
Required service data for connected experiences
. As you use a connected experience, data is sent to and processed by Microsoft to provide you that connected experience. This data is necessary because this information enables us to deliver these cloud-based connected experiences. We refer to this data as required service data.
Required service data can include information related to the operation of the connected experience that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected. If you choose to use a connected experience that analyzes your content, for example Translate in Word, the text you typed and selected to translate is also sent and processed to provide you the connected experience. Your text and the translation are not stored by our service. Required service data can also include information needed by a connected experience to perform its task, such as configuration information about the Microsoft 365 or Office app.
See
Required service data
for more information.
Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro
. Available as a separate subscription service in select countries, the Copilot features that appear in Microsoft 365 apps as part of a Microsoft 365 Personal, Microsoft 365 Family, or Copilot Pro subscription provide AI-powered productivity capabilities through real-time conversational experiences by applying large language model (LLM) processing on the content you choose to provide in Microsoft 365 apps including Word, Excel, OneNote, Outlook, and PowerPoint. Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro are not available for use in Office desktop licenses. When used with available Microsoft 365 apps, Copilot will use the content in your files only when you ask it to perform a specific action on that specific content - for example, when you ask Copilot to help you rewrite a paragraph in a Word document or ask Copilot to generate a to-do list from your notes in OneNote. Similar to connected experiences, required service data is collected during your use of Copilot that includes information related to its operation that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
See
Copilot Pro: Microsoft 365 apps and your privacy
and
Frequently asked questions about Copilot in Microsoft 365 Family and Personal subscriptions
for more information.
Other Productivity Apps
. Microsoft provides several productivity apps separate from Microsoft 365 and Office, including Whiteboard (a free form digital canvas using touch, type, and pen), To Do (a cloud-based task management app), and Sticky Notes (a desktop notes app).
The apps use various cloud-based services to provide you with functionality from other Microsoft products, such as providing images from Bing in Whiteboard, recommending suggested tasks to add to My Day in To Do, and taking advantage of Sticky Notes' integration with Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. Some Microsoft 365 applications make use of your device capabilities using certain features. In PowerPoint, the presentation recording feature can access your device microphone and camera to record presentations with audio and video. Your device microphone is also accessed via the Record audio feature and when using Speaker Coach. As you speak, Speaker Coach gives you on-screen guidance about pacing, inclusive language, use of profanity, filler words, and whether you’re reading the slide text. When creating a PowerPoint presentation, you can also use the Screenshot and Screen clipping features to capture screen contents. Some Microsoft 365 applications, PowerPoint, Word, and OneNote, provide Dictate, a connected experience which lets you use speech-to-text to author content using your microphone. In Word and OneNote, the Transcribe connected experience converts speech recorded directly in the app using your microphone or using a speech audio recording to a text transcript with each speaker individually separated. OneNote can insert photos or record video using your camera. All Microsoft 365 apps along with To Do and Whiteboard have sharing functionality that accesses your contacts to allow you to share your documents with others in your contacts list. Applications will not access your device capabilities until you begin using the feature.
You can manage your microphone and camera access settings in the Windows Privacy Settings menu. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
. To learn more about how to control your privacy settings in apps, see
Windows privacy settings that apps use
.
Back to top
Microsoft Family
This section applies to the Microsoft Family Safety M365 product, which allows a family group to connect through the Microsoft Family Safety app on their Windows, Xbox, or mobile devices. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group.
Microsoft Family Safety can help parents and guardians to create a safer environment for their family group with digital content filtering, screen time limits, spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, setting age ratings for apps and games, and location sharing. To learn about how Microsoft collects and uses children’s data, see the
Collection of data from children section
of the Privacy Statement. If you are using Microsoft Family Safety in Windows, see the
Windows security and safety features section
of the Privacy Statement for additional information.
To enable Family Safety controls on a child account, the child account must be part of a family group. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who consented to the child account’s creation. For accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, the parent or guardian must add the account to their family group in order to use Family Safety controls.
When you have enabled family activity reporting for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their devices, such as search, web, app, and game activity, and provide parents with reports of that child's online activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Certain Family Safety features, such as Location Sharing, Drive Safety, Share Drives, Places, and Location Alerts will use your location information when enabled. When you have enabled Location Sharing, for instance, your device will upload location data to the cloud and share it with others in your family group. Microsoft retains only your last known location as part of the Location Sharing feature (each new location replaces the previous one). When you enable Drive Safety, your location will be used to record your drive habits such as whether you are driving within the speed limits, if you’re using your phone while driving, and if you accelerate or brake suddenly. These reports will be uploaded to the cloud, and you can choose to share your drive reports with your family group. You can turn off these location features at any time in the Family Safety settings. You can manage your device’s location data at the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard. Learn more about
Family Safety and your location data
.
Back to top
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Launcher is an Android app that offers a highly customizable app launcher experience on Android devices.
Microsoft Launcher lets you log in with your personal Microsoft account or work account, or use it without any account. However, some functions may be limited if you do not grant certain permissions.
To use Microsoft Launcher, the application must be installed on your Android device, and optional permissions are required to enable the following features:
Microsoft Copilot
. When signed in with your personal Microsoft account, you can seamlessly use Copilot features like chat, web search, voice search, and image search. Certain Copilot features require access to your device capabilities, such as your device camera, microphone, photos, and videos. Please see our Artificial Intelligence and Copilot capabilities section for more information. Learn more about Copilot terms of use
here
.
Glance Feed
. Glance helps you organize daily activities, such as Outlook calendar, To Do list, Sticky Notes, and recent documents in your M365 apps. After signing-in with your personal Microsoft account or your work account, the data will be synced across devices signed into the same account to give you personalized experiences. It also enables you to review recent activities, like recent photos and app usage, which require permissions to access device photos, files, and app usage data.
News Feed
. When you sign in with your Microsoft account, you can enjoy a personalized news feed and advertisements in Launcher’s News Feed, synchronized across all your devices. You can also receive local curated news when you grant Microsoft Launcher permission to access your location information. You can manage your ad preferences through the Microsoft privacy dashboard to tailor your experience.
Weather Notifications
. Microsoft Launcher allows you to receive the latest and most important weather changes on your home screen with MSN Weather. You can receive up-to-date local weather information when you allow Launcher to access your location or provide your zip code.
Backup and Restore
: Easily transfer between phones or try different home screen setups with Microsoft Launcher's backup and restore feature. Backups can be stored locally on your device or saved to your OneDrive account associated with your Microsoft Account for easy access.
Microsoft Launcher supports Android work profile features, enabling you to maintain a clear boundary between personal and work data on your device. This means you can securely access work resources without mixing them with your personal apps and data.
To learn more about Microsoft Launcher and its supported features, please visit
here
.
Back to top
Microsoft Teams
This section applies to the consumer offering of Teams; if you are using Teams with a school or work account, see the
Enterprise and developer products
of this privacy statement.
Teams is an all-in-one collaboration and communication hub. Teams lets you stay organised and connected across your entire life. Teams allows you to call people with voice or video calling. Teams allows you to easily find people, files, photos, conversations, tasks, and calendars in one convenient and secure place. Teams allows you to store confidential information like passwords, rewards numbers, or login information and share it with others within Teams. With your consent, you can share your location with friends and family.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects data about the usage of the features as well as information about your communications, including the time and date of the communication and users that are part of the communication. Microsoft may share this information with Enterprise customers when you interact through meetings and chats with end users who are using their school or work account. For instance, if you engage in a Teams chat with a user who is using Teams associated with their school account, Microsoft may share your information with that user's school as part of providing the Teams service.
Compatibility with Skype
. As a Teams user, you can also log into Skype using your Teams account. If you log into Skype via your Teams credentials, you can use Skype to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Teams chat history through Skype. Skype users will be able to contact you on Teams and see your Teams presence status. For more information about Skype, see the
Skype section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts
. Your Teams profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft account. To enable other people to find you on Teams (or products that interact with Teams for personal use, including Teams for enterprise and Skype), your Teams profile is included in the Teams and Skype public search directories, and may be displayed on Skype and Teams. Depending on your settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your username, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others. Your Teams profile may be visible to Enterprise customers and their end users when you engage with an end user of an organization in chats and meetings.
Teams contacts
. With your permission, Teams will sync your device, Outlook, and Skype contacts periodically and check for other Teams users that match contacts in your device, Outlook, or Skype address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. If you choose to stop syncing your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Teams. If you wish to invite any of your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device, Outlook, or Skype address books of a Teams user who chooses to sync their device, Outlook, or Skype contacts with their Teams contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Teams user and to allow Teams users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Teams user continues to be active on Teams on their device and continues to enable contact syncing with the applicable device or service, your information will be stored on our servers, and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Teams user’s contact syncing experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Teams.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Teams users
.
If you do choose to join Teams, you will appear as a suggested new Teams contact for any Teams or Skype users with your information in their device, Outlook, or Skype address books. As a Teams user, you will be able to block other Teams and Skype users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Third-party contacts.
You can also choose to sync contacts from third-party providers. If you choose to unsync your third-party contacts on Teams, all third-party contacts are deleted from Teams. If you gave your consent to use those third-party contacts on other Microsoft apps and services, these contacts will still be available to those other Microsoft apps and services.
You can remove third-party contacts from all Microsoft apps and services by removing third-party accounts from Teams. Please note that removing a third-party account from Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services that also use that third-party account.
Teams calendar.
You can also choose to sync your Teams calendar with calendars from third-party providers. You can stop syncing your Teams calendar anytime by removing a third-party account from Teams. If you have consented to use third-party data on other Microsoft apps and services, please note that removing this third-party account data in Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services.
Location sharing
. You can share your static or live location with individuals or groups within Teams. You are in control and can stop sharing at any time. Sharing location for children is permitted with parental consent and in groups where an adult from the Microsoft family group is present.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Teams uses the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Teams has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service.
If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Teams calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found on your device.
Chats and meetings with Enterprise customer end users
. Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses, as well as individual users. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products section
of this privacy statement if you are using Teams with a work or school account. If you engage in Teams meetings or chats with end users of organizations, the data you share with the end users is subject to their organization’s policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries related to your data shared through chats and meetings with an organization’s end users, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to the organization’s administrator. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
Back to top
OneDrive
OneDrive lets you store and access your files on virtually any device. You can also share and collaborate on your files with others. Some versions of the OneDrive application enable you to access both your personal OneDrive by signing in with your personal Microsoft account and your OneDrive for Business by signing in with your work or school Microsoft account as part of your organization's use of Microsoft 365 or Office 365.
When you use OneDrive, we collect data about your usage of the service, as well as the content you store, to provide, improve, and protect the services. Examples include indexing the contents of your OneDrive documents so that you can search for them later and using location information to enable you to search for photos based on where the photo was taken. We also collect device information so we can deliver personalized experiences, such as enabling you to sync content across devices and roam customized settings.
When you store content in OneDrive, that content will inherit the sharing permissions of the folder in which you store it. For example, if you decide to store content in the public folder, the content will be public and available to anyone on the internet who can find the folder. If you store content in a private folder, the content will be private.
When you share content to a social network like Facebook from a device that you have synced with your OneDrive account, your content is either uploaded to that social network, or a link to that content is posted to that social network. Doing this makes the content accessible to anyone on that social network. To delete the content, you need to delete it from the social network (if it was uploaded there, rather than a link to it) and from OneDrive.
When you share your OneDrive content with your friends via a link, an email with the link is sent to those friends. The link contains an authorization code that allows anyone with the link to access your content. If one of your friends sends the link to other people, they will also be able to access your content, even if you did not choose to share the content with them. To revoke permissions for your content on OneDrive, sign in to your account and then select the specific content to manage the permission levels. Revoking permissions for a link effectively deactivates the link. No one will be able to use the link to access the content unless you decide to share the link again.
Files managed with OneDrive for Business are stored separately from files stored with your personal OneDrive. OneDrive for Business collects and transmits personal data for authentication, such as your email address and password, which will be transmitted to Microsoft and/or to the provider of your Microsoft 365 or Office 365 service.
Back to top
Outlook
Outlook products are designed to improve your productivity through improved communications and include Outlook.com, Outlook applications, and related services.
Outlook.com
. Outlook.com is the primary consumer email service from Microsoft and includes email accounts with addresses that end in outlook.com, live.com, hotmail.com, and msn.com. Outlook.com provides features that let you connect with your friends on social networks. You will need to create a Microsoft account to use Outlook.com.
When you delete an email or item from a mailbox in Outlook.com, the item generally goes into your Deleted Items folder where it remains for approximately 7 days unless you move it back to your inbox, you empty the folder, or the service empties the folder automatically, whichever comes first. When the Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion, unless we are legally required to retain the data for longer.
Outlook applications
. Outlook client applications are software you install on your device that permits you to manage email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other data from email, file storage, and other services, like Exchange Online or Outlook.com, or servers, like Microsoft Exchange. You can use multiple accounts from different providers, including third-party providers, with Outlook applications,
including the new Outlook for Windows app
.
To add an account, you must provide permission for Outlook to access data from the email or file storage services.
When you add an account to Outlook, your mail, calendar items, files, contacts, settings and other data from that account will automatically sync to your device. If you are using the mobile Outlook application, that data will also sync to Microsoft servers to enable additional features such as faster search, personalized filtering of less important mail, and an ability to add email attachments from linked file storage providers without leaving the Outlook application. If you are using the desktop Outlook application, you can choose whether to allow the data to sync to our servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that is synced from your account.
If you add an account provided by an organization (such as your employer or school), the owner of the organizational domain can implement policies and controls (for example, requiring multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that can affect your use of Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. For Outlook clients that support it, the user can dictate the contents of an email and send using the Dictate feature. The Dictate feature may be configured to use the device’s microphone or any other microphone that a user may connect to their device, like a microphone-enabled pair of headphones. Outlook may also use your device location information to provide you with weather information for your current location as well as provide the ability to search for nearby locations.
To learn more about the data the Outlook applications collect and process, please see the
Microsoft 365
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Skype
Skype lets you send and receive voice, video, SMS, and instant message communications. This section applies to the consumer version of Skype; if you are using Skype for Business, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects usage data about your communications that includes the time and date of the communication and the numbers or user names that are part of the communication.
Compatibility with Teams.
As a Skype user, you can also log into Teams using your Skype account. If you log into Teams via your Skype credentials, you can use Teams to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Skype missed calls and chat history through Teams. Teams users will be able to contact you on Skype and see your Skype presence status. For more information about Teams, see the
Microsoft Teams section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts.
Your Skype profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft or Skype account. To enable other people to find you on Skype (or products that interact with Skype, such as Skype for Business or Microsoft Teams), your Skype profile is included in Skype and Teams public search directories and may be visible on both Skype and Teams. Depending on your profile settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your user name, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others.
Emergency calling in the United States.
If you enable location sharing for emergency calling, your location will be periodically collected to enable Microsoft to share your location with emergency calling service providers if you dial 911. Your location information is only shared if you enable location sharing for emergency calling and you initiate a 911 call.
Skype contacts.
If you use Outlook.com to manage contacts, Skype will automatically add the people you know to your Skype contact list until you tell the application to stop. With your permission, Skype will sync your device contacts periodically and check for other Skype users that match contacts in your device or Outlook address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications. If you choose to stop syncing your device contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Skype. If you wish to invite any of your device or Outlook contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device or Outlook address book of a Skype user who chooses to sync their device or Outlook contacts with their Skype contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Skype user and to allow Skype users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Skype user continues to be active on Skype on their device and continues to enable contact syncing, your information will be stored on our servers and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Skype user’s contact synching experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Skype.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Skype users
.
If you do choose to join Skype, you will appear as a suggested new Skype contact for any Skype and Teams users with your information in their device or Outlook address books. As a Skype user, you will be able to block other Skype and Teams users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Partner companies
. To make Skype available to more people, we partner with other companies to allow Skype to be offered via those companies’ services. If you use Skype through a company other than Microsoft, that company’s privacy policy governs how it handles your data. To comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, or to help our partner company or local operator comply or respond, we may access, transfer, disclose, and preserve your data. That data could include, for example, your private content, such as the content of your instant messages, stored video messages, voicemails, or file transfers.
Skype Manager
. Skype Manager lets you manage a group’s (such as your family’s) Skype usage from one central place. When you set up a group, you will be the Skype Manager Administrator and can see the patterns of usage, including detailed information, like traffic data and details of purchases, of other members of the group who have consented to such access. If you add information like your name, other people in the group will be able to see it. Members of the group can withdraw consent for Skype Manager by visiting their
Skype account page
.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Skype apps use the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Skype has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service. If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Skype calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found in the Skype application or your device.
Translation features
. When you use Skype’s translation features, Skype collects and uses your conversation to provide the translation service. With your permission, your data may be used to help improve Microsoft products and services. To help the translation and speech recognition technology learn and grow, sentences and automatic transcripts are analyzed and any corrections are entered into our system, to build better performing services. This data may include manual transcription of your voice clips. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Recording features
. Some versions of Skype have a recording feature that allows you to capture and share all or part of your audio / video call. The recording will be stored and shared as part of your conversation history with the person or group with whom the call occurred.
You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use your recordings or the recording features.
Skype bots
. Bots are programs offered by Microsoft or third parties that can do many useful things like search for news, play games, and more. Depending on their capabilities, bots may have access to your display name, Skype ID, country, region, language, and any messages, audio, video, or content that you share with the bot. Please review the bot profile and its privacy statement before engaging in a one-to-one or group conversation with a bot. You can delete a bot that you no longer wish to engage with. Prior to adding a bot to a group, please ensure that your group participants have consented to their information being shared with the bot.
Captioning
. Certain Skype features include accessibility functionality such as captioning. During Skype calls, a call participant can activate a voice-to-text feature, which allows the user to view the audio chat as text. If a user activates this feature, other call participants will not receive a notification. Microsoft uses this voice and text data to provide captioning of audio for users.
Camera Features
. When you use the camera feature in Skype, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in Skype, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the Skype to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to Skype or any third party.
Back to top
Surface
Microsoft offers its family of Surface devices and accessories to provide a great computing experience, including surfing the web, watching and streaming videos, playing games, running apps like Excel, Word, and OneNote, and more. These include devices and accessories like Surface Laptops, Surface Studios, Surface Book, Surface Pro, Surface Headphones, Surface Earbuds, Surface Dock, Surface Keyboard, and more. As part of that experience, Microsoft collects certain diagnostic data, as described below.
Diagnostic data
. Microsoft collects diagnostic data as you use your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and Surface applications. Diagnostic data can include information about crashes, performance, and usage of Surface products. The data that is sent to Microsoft is used to help keep Surface secure, up to date, and performing as expected and can help us make other improvements to Surface.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required diagnostic data
is the minimum amount of data that we need to help keep Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application secure, up-to-date, and performing as expected.
Optional diagnostic data
is additional diagnostic and usage data about your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. If you choose to send optional diagnostic data to Microsoft, required diagnostic data is also included.
Required diagnostic data is always sent to Microsoft for all Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. But you can choose whether to allow Surface to collect optional diagnostic data and send it to Microsoft. You can make that choice when you first set up your Surface device or change the setting at any time in the Surface app.
For more information, see
Diagnostic data for Surface products
and
Diagnostic data in the Surface app
. For a list of Surface required diagnostic data collected, see
Required diagnostic data for Surface products
.
Back to top
Surface Duo
The Surface Duo is a device featuring two screens that fits in your pocket for productivity on the go. Powered by the Google Android operating system, Surface Duo supports cellular and Wi-Fi connectivity and can be used for email, internet browsing, games, and business connectivity.
Microsoft provides a core Surface Duo experience that runs on the Android operating system. The core Surface Duo experience includes apps such as the Microsoft Launcher, Setup Wizard, and Your Phone Companion. You can sign in with a Google ID and enable various Google services; you can then also sign in with your Microsoft account (MSA) and enable Microsoft’s services. Microsoft apps and services may rely on information provided by Google. Some features, such as location, require that you enable this functionality for Google and separately allow Microsoft to leverage this information.
Diagnostic data
. Surface Duo collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep the core Surface Duo experience up to date, secure, and operating properly. This data also helps us improve Surface Duo and related Microsoft products and services. The data does not include your user name, email address, or the content of your files. There are two levels of diagnostic data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep the core Surface Duo experience secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help Microsoft detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
Learn more in Surface Duo Privacy Settings
.
Surface Duo location settings
. Surface Duo relies on Google location services to determine the device’s precise geographic location to display the local weather. The location of your Surface Duo can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. If you want Microsoft apps to be able to reference or display weather or other location related information, you need to enable Google location services and Microsoft location access. Some apps may require these settings be enabled independently for the app and can be set or changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings. The
Google Privacy Policy
provides details about Google’s location service and related data privacy practices. See
Surface Duo Location Settings
for more information.
Microsoft apps included with the Surface Duo
. The diagnostic data options for the core Surface Duo experience are configured when you initially set up your Surface Duo and can be changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings under the Diagnostic Data section.
The other Microsoft apps on your Surface Duo may prompt you to enable functionality to enable the full experience of the app or you may be asked to allow optional diagnostic data collection. You can change the settings for these apps in the Surface Duo Settings under the app name. More information about these apps is available in the
Productivity and communications products
and
Search and Browse
sections of this Privacy Statement.
Back to top
LinkedIn
To learn about the data LinkedIn collects and how it is used and shared, please see LinkedIn’s
Privacy Policy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Search and browse
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Bing
Bing services include search and mapping services, as well as other apps and programs described in this section. Bing services collect and process data in many forms, including text that has been inked or typed, voice data, and images. Bing services are also included within other Microsoft services, such as Microsoft 365, and certain features in Windows (which we refer to as Bing-powered experiences).
When you conduct a search, or use a feature of a Bing-powered experience that involves conducting a search or entering a command on your behalf, Microsoft will collect the searches or commands you provide (which may be in the form of text, voice data, or an image), along with your IP address, location, the unique identifiers contained in our cookies or similar technologies, the time and date of your search, and your browser configuration. For example, if you use Bing voice-enabled services, your voice input and performance data associated with the speech functionality will be sent to Microsoft. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
. And, if you use Bing image-enabled services, the image you provide will be sent to Microsoft. When you use Bing-powered experiences, such as Bing Lookup to search a particular word or phrase within a webpage or document, that word or phrase is sent to Bing along with some surrounding content in order to provide contextually relevant search results.
AI-enhanced Bing search
. Bing search now includes an AI-enhanced web search functionality, using Microsoft Copilot in Bing, which supports users by providing relevant search results, reviewing and summarizing from across the web, refining research queries through the chat experience, and sparking creativity by helping users create content. Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in this section. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
.
Search suggestions
. For the search suggestions feature, the characters that you type into a Bing-powered experience (such as search and site suggestions in the Microsoft Edge browser) to conduct a search and what you click on will be sent to Microsoft. This allows us to provide you with relevant suggestions as you type your searches. To turn this feature on or off, while using Bing Search, go to
Bing Settings
. There are other methods to control this feature in other Bing-powered experiences, such as the Microsoft Edge browser. Search Suggestions cannot be turned off in the search box in Windows 10 and Windows 11. If you choose, you can always hide the search box or icon on the taskbar.
Bing experience improvement program for Bing Desktop and Bing Toolbar
. If you are using Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar and choose to participate in the Bing Experience Improvement Program, we also collect additional data about how you use these specific Bing apps, such as the addresses of the websites you visit, to help improve search ranking and relevance. To help protect your privacy, we do not use the data collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program to identify or contact you or target advertising to you. You can turn off the Bing Experience Improvement Program at any time in the Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar settings. Finally, we delete the information collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program after 18 months.
Retention and de-identification
. We de-identify stored search queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Personalization through Microsoft account
. Some Bing services provide you with an enhanced experience when you sign in with your personal Microsoft account, for example, syncing your search history across devices. You can use these personalization features to customize your interests, favorites, and settings, and to connect your account with third-party services. Visit
Bing Settings
to manage your personalization settings, or the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
to manage your data.
Managing search history
. When you’re signed-in to a personal Microsoft account, you can erase your search and chat history on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. The Search History service from Bing, located in Bing Settings, provides another method of revisiting the search terms you've entered and results you've clicked when using Bing search through your browser. You may clear your search history on a device through this service. The conversations you have with Microsoft Copilot in Bing are also remembered as “Recent activity”. The history of previous Recent activities is saved, with the names of chats based by default on the first query of the chat. Your Recent activity is displayed on the right-hand side of the chat window when you are using the service. Clearing your history prevents that history from being displayed in your Search History or chat history, but does not delete information from our search logs, which are retained and de-identified as described above or as you have instructed through the privacy dashboard. If you are signed-in to a work or school Microsoft account using Microsoft Search in Bing, you can export your Microsoft Search in Bing search history, but you cannot delete it. Your Microsoft Search in Bing service administrator can see aggregated search history across all enterprise users but cannot see specific searches by user.
Third-party services that use Bing
. You may access Bing-powered experiences when using third-party services, such as those from Yahoo!. In order to provide these services, Bing receives data from these and other partners, including your search query and related data (such as date, time, IP address, and a unique identifier). This data will be sent to Microsoft to provide the search service. Microsoft will use this data as described in this statement or as further limited by our contractual obligations with our partners. You should refer to the privacy policies of the third-party services for any questions about how they collect and use data.
Data passed to destination website
. When you select a search result or advertisement from a Bing search results page and go to the destination website, the destination website will receive the standard data your browser sends to every web site you visit—such as your IP address, browser type and language, and the host name of the site you came from (in this case,
https://www.bing.com/
).
Sharing data from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with third parties
. We share some de-identified data (data where the identity of a specific person is not known) from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with selected third parties. Before we do so, we run the data through a process designed to remove certain sensitive data that users may have included in the search terms themselves (such as social security numbers or credit card numbers). Additionally, we require these third parties to keep the data secure and to not use the data for purposes other than for which it is provided.
Back to top
Microsoft Edge
Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' or online services’ web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Certain features in Microsoft Edge, such as when you open a new tab in the browser, connect you to Microsoft Start Content and your experiences with such content is covered by the Microsoft Start section of this privacy statement. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Microsoft Edge for Windows, Linux, and macOS
. Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows 10 and later and is also available on other supported versions of Windows and macOS.
Data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Clear Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Settings and More
. Allows you to manage your favorites, downloads, history, extensions, and collections.
Collections
. Allows you to collect text, images, videos, and other content in a note page in your browser. When you drag content into your collection, it is cached on your device and can be deleted through your collection.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Microsoft collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. When signed into Microsoft Edge using your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will sync your browser data saved on your device across other signed-in devices. You may choose which browser data to sync, including your favorites, browsing history, extensions and associated data, settings, open tabs, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), passwords, payment information, and other data types as they become available. If you choose to sync extensions that you acquired from third-party web stores, a copy of those extensions will be downloaded directly from those web stores on your synced device(s). If you have turned on Password Monitor, your saved credentials are hashed, encrypted and sent to Microsoft’s Password Monitor service to warn you if your credentials were detected as part of a malicious attack or a breach. Microsoft does not retain this data after the check is complete. You can disable or configure syncing in the Microsoft Edge settings.
When you sign into Microsoft Edge with your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will store your account’s privacy preferences. Microsoft Edge will use the stored preferences to migrate your account’s privacy choices across your signed-in devices, including during Windows device set up or when you sign into Microsoft Edge with your account on a new device.
Microsoft Edge’s
Search and site suggestions
uses your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search recommendations. Microsoft Edge sends the information you type into the browser address bar to the default search provider configured in the address bar to offer search recommendations as you type each character. You can turn off these features at any time in the browser settings. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge sends your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects and uses data from your search activity across the web, including websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services, such as Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing and Microsoft News. This data may include the search query, the search results that are displayed to you, demographic information that is part of the search results, and the interaction you have with those search results, such as the links you click. Microsoft Edge takes steps to de-identify the data it collects by removing data that identifies the person or device from which it was collected and retains this data for one year from when it is collected. Microsoft does not use this collected data to personalize or provide ads to you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Microsoft Edge downloads content from Microsoft services to enhance your browsing experiences; for example, when data is downloaded to prerender site content for faster browsing or to provide content required to power features you choose to use, such as providing templates for Collections.
You may also choose to share your Microsoft Edge browsing activity to allow us to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping, and news. Microsoft Edge browsing activity includes your history, favorites, usage data, web content, and other browsing data. For more information about our
advertising privacy policies
see the Advertising section of the privacy statement. In the Microsoft privacy dashboard you can control the use of your browsing activity for personalized ads in the
See ads that interest you
setting. If you disable this setting in the Microsoft privacy dashboard you will continue to receive personalized web experiences like search and news based on your browsing activity. You may stop sharing your Microsoft Edge browsing activity by disabling
Allow Microsoft to use your browsing activity including history, favorites, usage and other browsing data to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping and news
within Edge settings. When using Copilot features in the Microsoft Edge sidebar, you can choose to allow Microsoft Copilot in Edge to access the content of the webpage you are viewing in order to provide further insights, such as page summaries. Use of data connected with Copilot experiences is consistent with the Copilot data use described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and Windows.
Separate from your search activity data mentioned above, you can choose to send optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about your browser activity, including browsing history and search terms to Microsoft to help us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. For Microsoft Edge on Windows 10 and later, this information is provided when you have enabled optional diagnostic data. For details, see the Windows Diagnostics section of the privacy statement. For Microsoft Edge on other operating systems, optional diagnostic information is provided when you enable
Improve Microsoft products by sending data about how you use the browser
or
Make searches and Microsoft products better by sending info about websites you visit in Microsoft Edge
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual browser installation on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Learn more about Microsoft Edge, browsing data, and privacy
.
Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android
. Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android devices collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. Microsoft also collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge.
Additionally, you may share optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about websites you visit (browsing history) for personalized experiences on your browser, Windows, and other Microsoft products and services. This information also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. This optional diagnostic data is sent to us when you enable
Share usage data for personalization
or
Share info about websites you visit
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual user on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Microsoft Edge uses data from your search activity across the web, including search activity on websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services like Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing, and Microsoft News. The data Microsoft Edge collects may include personal data; however, Microsoft Edge takes steps to scrub and de-identify the data. Microsoft Edge does not use this data to personalize or provide ads for you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Learn more about Search results data for product improvement
.
For information about the privacy practices of legacy versions Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below), see the Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer section of the privacy statement.
Back to top
Microsoft Translator
Microsoft Translator is a machine translation system and service designed to automatically translate text and voice input between numerous supported languages. Microsoft Translator is made available as a stand-alone consumer app for Android, iOS, and Windows and its service capabilities are also integrated in a variety of Microsoft products and services, such as Translator Hub, Translator for Bing, and Translator for Microsoft Edge. Microsoft Translator processes the text, image, and voice data you submit, as well as device and usage data. We use this data to provide Microsoft Translator, personalize your experiences, and improve our products and services. Microsoft has implemented business and technical measures designed to help de-identify the data you submit to Microsoft Translator. For example, when we randomly sample text and audio to improve Microsoft Translator and Microsoft’s speech recognition technologies, we delete identifiers and certain text, such as email addresses and some number sequences, detected in the sample that could contain personal data. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Separate from Microsoft Translator, Microsoft translation services are available as features in other Microsoft products and services that have different privacy practices than Microsoft Translator. For more information on the Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services Translator Text API, Custom Translator, and Translator Speech API, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. For the Translate feature in Microsoft 365 apps and Skype, see the
Productivity and communications products
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
SwiftKey
The Microsoft SwiftKey keyboard and related cloud-based services (collectively, the “SwiftKey Services”) process data about words you use and how you type and use this data to learn your writing style and provide personalized autocorrection and predictive text that adapts to you. We also use this data to offer a range of other features, such as emoji predictions.
SwiftKey prediction technology learns from the way you use language to build a personalized language model. This model is an optimized view of the words and phrases that you use most often in context and reflects your unique writing style. The model itself contains the words you commonly type arranged in a way that enables SwiftKey’s algorithms to make predictions, based on text you have already entered. The model draws from all scenarios in which you use your keyboard, including when you type while using apps or visiting websites. The SwiftKey keyboard and model attempt to avoid collecting sensitive data, by not collecting data from certain fields such as those recognized as containing password or payment data. SwiftKey Services do not log or store, the data contained in your model, unless you choose to share your data with us (as described further below). When you use SwiftKey Services, we also collect device and usage data. When you sign into your SwiftKey account and agree to share the following data, we will use de-identified device data, usage data, and model data to analyze service performance and help improve our products.
The SwiftKey Services also include an optional cloud component called a SwiftKey Account. If you choose to create a SwiftKey Account, your language model will be synchronized with the SwiftKey Account cloud service, so you can benefit from that model on the different devices you use and access additional services such as prediction synchronization and backup. When you create a SwiftKey Account, Microsoft will also collect your email address and basic demographic data. All data collected is transferred to our servers over encrypted channels. If you are signed in to your SwiftKey account, you can control your personal data and SwiftKey account preferences at
data.swiftkey.com
.
As part of your SwiftKey account, you may also opt in to share your language and/or typing data for the purposes of improving Microsoft products and services. If you opt-in, SwiftKey may send short snippets of data about what and how you type and related correction data to our servers for processing. These text snippets are used in various automated processes to validate that our prediction services are working correctly and to make product improvements. To preserve your privacy, SwiftKey Services de-identify these text snippets, and even if you have a SwiftKey Account, these text snippets will not be linked to it.
If you sign into your SwiftKey Account and opt-in to share your language and typing data, Microsoft will process your shared data to look for new patterns of language usage across our user base. This allows us to improve our basic models for individual languages. Language and typing data used in this process is aggregated and any words or combinations of words that might be personal to individuals or small groups of users are filtered out.
You can withdraw your consent to share your language and typing data for product improvement at any time in SwiftKey Settings. You can also withdraw your consent for SwiftKey Services to retain your personal data in SwiftKey Settings. When you withdraw consent for SwiftKey to retain your personal data, all personal data collected through your use of the SwiftKey Services will be deleted.
You may receive occasional notifications on your device alerting you to product updates and features that may be of interest to you. You can disable these notifications at any time in the SwiftKey Settings.
When you use the camera feature in SwiftKey, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in SwiftKey keyboard, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the keyboard to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to SwiftKey or any third party.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Windows
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Activation
When you activate Windows, a specific product key is associated with the device on which your software is installed. The product key and data about the software and your device is sent to Microsoft to help validate your license to the software. This data may be sent again if there is a need to re-activate or validate your license. On phones running Windows, device and network identifiers, as well as device location at the time of the first power-up of the device, are also sent to Microsoft for the purpose of warranty registration, stock replenishment, and fraud prevention.
Back to top
Activity history
Activity history helps keep track of the things you do on your device, such as the apps and services you use, the files you open, and the websites you browse. Your activity history is created when using different apps and features such as Microsoft Edge Legacy, some Microsoft Store apps, and Microsoft 365 apps and is stored locally on your device.
You can turn settings off or on for storing activity history locally on your device, and you can also clear your device’s activity history at any time by going to
Privacy > Activity history
in the Windows settings app.
Learn more about activity history in Windows
.
Back to top
Advertising ID
Windows generates a unique advertising ID for each person using a device, which app developers and advertising networks can then use for their own purposes, including providing relevant advertising in apps. When the advertising ID is enabled, both Microsoft apps and third-party apps can access and use the advertising ID in much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Thus, your advertising ID can be used by app developers and advertising networks to provide more relevant advertising and other personalized experiences across their apps and on the web. Microsoft collects the advertising ID for the uses described here only when you choose to enable the advertising ID as part of your privacy setting.
The advertising ID setting applies to Windows apps using the Windows advertising identifier. You can turn off access to this identifier at any time by turning off the advertising ID in the Windows settings app. If you choose to turn it on again, the advertising ID will be reset and a new identifier will be generated. When a third-party app accesses the advertising ID, its use of the advertising ID will be subject to its own privacy policy.
Learn more about advertising ID in Windows
.
The advertising ID setting does not apply to other methods of interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft or third parties, such as cookies used to provide interest-based display ads on websites. Third-party products accessed through or installed on Windows may also deliver other forms of interest-based advertising subject to their own privacy policies. Microsoft delivers other forms of interest-based ads in certain Microsoft products, both directly and by partnering with third-party ad providers. For more information on how Microsoft uses data for advertising, see the
How we use personal data
section of this statement.
Back to top
Diagnostics
Microsoft collects Windows diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. It also helps us improve Windows and related Microsoft products and services. While the device is running, diagnostic data is collected and periodically transmitted to Microsoft and stored along with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device's service issues and use patterns.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data. Certain product documentation and other materials refer to Required diagnostic data as Basic diagnostic data and to Optional diagnostic data as Full diagnostic data.
If an organization (such as your employer or school) uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides to you and enrolls your device in the Windows diagnostic data processor configuration, Microsoft’s processing of diagnostic data in connection with Windows is governed by a contract between Microsoft and the organization. If an organization uses Microsoft management tools or engages Microsoft to manage your device, Microsoft and the organization will use and process diagnostic and error data from your device to allow the management, monitoring, and troubleshooting of your devices managed by the organization, and for other purposes of the organization.
Required diagnostic data
includes information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. We collect the following Required diagnostic data:
Device, connectivity, and configuration data:
Data about the device such as the processor type, OEM manufacturer, type of battery and capacity, number and type of cameras, firmware, and memory attributes.
Network capabilities and connection data such as the device’s IP address, mobile network (including IMEI and mobile operator), and whether the device is connected to a free or paid network.
Data about the operating system and its configuration such as the OS version and build number, region and language settings, diagnostics data settings, and whether the device is part of the Windows Insider program.
Data about connected peripherals such as model, manufacturer, drivers, and compatibility data.
Data about the applications installed on the device such as application name, version, and publisher.
Whether a device is ready for an update and whether there are factors that may impede the ability to receive updates, such as low battery, limited disk space, or connectivity through a paid network.
Whether updates complete successfully or fail.
Data about the reliability of the diagnostics collection system itself.
Basic error reporting, which is health data about the operating system and applications running on your device. For example, basic error reporting tells us if an application, such as Microsoft Paint or a third-party game, hangs or crashes.
Optional diagnostic data
includes more detailed information about your device and its settings, capabilities, and device health. Optional diagnostic data may also include data about the websites you browse, device activity (also sometimes referred to as usage), and enhanced error reporting that helps Microsoft to fix and improve products and services for all users. When you choose to send Optional diagnostic data, Required diagnostic data will always be included, and we collect the following additional information:
Additional data about the device, connectivity, and configuration, beyond that collected under Required diagnostic data.
Status and logging information about the health of operating system and other system components beyond that collected about the update and diagnostics systems under Required diagnostic data.
App activity, such as which programs are launched on a device, how long they run, and how quickly they respond to input.
Browser activity, including browsing history and search terms, in Microsoft browsers (Microsoft Edge or Internet Explorer).
Enhanced error reporting, including the memory state of the device when a system or app crash occurs (which may unintentionally contain user content, such as parts of a file you were using when the problem occurred).
Some of the data described above may not be collected from your device even if you choose to send Optional diagnostic data. Microsoft minimizes the volume of Optional diagnostic data it collects from all devices by collecting some of the data from only a subset of devices (sample). By running the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool, you can see an icon which indicates whether your device is part of a sample and also which specific data is collected from your device. Instructions for how to download the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool can be found in the Windows settings app under Diagnostics & feedback.
Specific data items collected in Windows diagnostics are subject to change to give Microsoft flexibility to collect the data needed for the purposes described. For example, to enable Microsoft to troubleshoot the latest performance issue impacting users’ computing experience or update a Windows device that is new to the market, Microsoft may need to collect data items that were not collected previously. For a current list of data types collected at
Required diagnostic data
and
Optional diagnostic data
, see
Windows Required (Basic level) diagnostic events and fields
or
Windows Optional (Full level) diagnostic data
. We provide limited portions of error report information to partners (such as the device manufacturer) to help them troubleshoot products and services which work with Windows and other Microsoft product and services. They are only permitted to use this information to repair or improve those products and services. We may also share some aggregated, de-identified diagnostic data, such as general usage trends for Windows apps and features, with selected third parties.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Inking and typing Recognition
. You also can choose to help Microsoft improve inking and typing recognition by sending inking and typing diagnostic data. If you choose to do so, Microsoft will collect samples of the content you type or write to improve features such as handwriting recognition, autocompletion, next word prediction, and spelling correction in the many languages used by Microsoft customers. When Microsoft collects inking and typing diagnostic data, it is divided into small samples and processed to remove unique identifiers, sequencing information, and other data (such as email addresses and numeric values) which could be used to reconstruct the original content or associate the input to you. It also includes associated performance data, such as changes you manually make to text, as well as words you've added to the dictionary.
Learn more about improving inking and typing in Windows
.
Back to top
Personalized offers
If you choose to turn on
Personalized offers
, we will use information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, in combination with your account info and data collected by other Microsoft products and services to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance your Windows experiences. Personalized offers include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware to enhance your Windows experiences. For example, Windows might tell you about new features to help you get the most out of your device. If you stream movies in your browser, Windows might recommend an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows might recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to add more storage.
When Personalized offers is on, Windows may use your required diagnostic data to personalize offers. This data may include information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have decided to share optional diagnostic data, the data used to personalize offers may also include information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. We may also use information about your device and your activity to personalize offers locally on your device, even when the data does not leave your device. We do not use the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalizing offers.
In addition to information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, we may use or combine the following data from other Microsoft products and your account with Windows diagnostic data to personalize offers:
Web activity, if you give Microsoft Edge permission to collect your web activity for personalized search, ads, and news.
Info about your use of other Microsoft products and services, including Microsoft Bing, Microsoft 365, Xbox, and Microsoft websites, such as MSN.com.
Subscription and purchase history.
Data from third-party websites which may be shared with Microsoft.
We may also use information about your interactions with tips, recommendations, and promotions to provide and improve the personalized offers and similar messages in other Microsoft products.
To manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers, you can visit your
Personalized ads and offers page
. The data we use to personalize offers may change over time, but this page will always have the latest list of data sources so you can make decisions on how your data is used by Microsoft. In some regions such as the European Economic Area, turning off Personalized offers on Windows also stops the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize tips, ads, and recommendations in Windows. In other regions, you can manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers by visiting your
Personalized ads and offers page
.
Contextual data from your device and some basic account data are used to show you appropriate messaging in Windows regardless of whether the Personalized offers setting or the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize offers are turned off. For example, this data is used to make sure content is in the correct language and appropriate for your age group.
Personalized offers applies to tips, offers, ads, and recommendations you see in Windows. Changing this setting will not impact the kinds of offers you may see in other Microsoft products. You can change this setting at any time by searching for
Personalized offers
in the Windows Settings app.
Learn more about personalized offers
.
Tailored experiences
Tailored experiences is being replaced by Personalized offers in more recent versions of Windows. If you have not installed the latest Windows Update, you may still see Tailored experiences on your device.
If you choose to turn on Tailored experiences, we will use your Windows diagnostic data (Required or Optional as you have selected) to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance Microsoft experiences. If you have selected Required as your diagnostic data setting, personalization is based on information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have selected Optional, personalization is also based on information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. However, we do not use information about the websites you browse, the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalization when we receive such data from customers who have selected Optional. Tailored experiences data is transmitted to Microsoft and stored with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device’s service issues and use patterns.
Tailored experiences include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware for your Windows experiences. For example, to help you get the most out of your device, we may tell you about features you may not know about or that are new. If you are having a problem with your Windows device, you may be offered a solution. You may be offered a chance to customize your lock screen with pictures, or to be shown more pictures of the kind you like, or fewer of the ones you do not. If you stream movies in your browser, you may be recommended an app from the Microsoft store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows may recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to gain more space.
Learn more about tailored experiences in Windows
.
Back to top
Feedback Hub
Feedback Hub provides a way to gather feedback on Microsoft products and installed first party and third-party apps. When you use Feedback Hub, Feedback Hub periodically reads the installed app list to determine apps for which feedback can be sent. Feedback Hub determines the apps installed in your device through public APIs. Additionally, for HoloLens, Feedback Hub uses your camera and microphone when you choose to share surroundings and audio input. It also uses picture and document library to access screenshots and screen recordings that you attach for sending as part of feedback.
You can sign into Feedback Hub using either your personal Microsoft account or an account provided by your organization (such as your employer or school) that you use to sign into Microsoft products. Signing in with your work or school account allows you to submit feedback to Microsoft in association with your organization. Any feedback you provide whether using your work or school account or personal Microsoft account may be publicly viewable depending on the settings configured by your organization’s administrators. Additionally, if feedback is provided using your work or school account, your feedback can be viewed through the Feedback Hub or via admin center by your organization’s administrators.
When you submit feedback to Microsoft about a problem or add more details to a problem, diagnostic data will be sent to Microsoft to improve Microsoft products and services. Depending on your Diagnostic data settings in the
Diagnostics & feedback
section of the Windows settings, Feedback Hub will either send diagnostic data automatically or you will have the option to send it to Microsoft at the time you provide feedback. Based on the category chosen when submitting feedback, there may be additional personal data collected that helps to further troubleshoot issues; for example, location related information when submitting feedback about location services or gaze related information when submitting feedback on Mixed Reality. Microsoft may also share your feedback along with the data collected when you submit your feedback with Microsoft partners (such as a device manufacturer, or firmware developer) to help them troubleshoot products and services that work with Windows and other Microsoft products and services.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Back to top
Get Help
Get Help enables Windows users to get technical support on Windows and other Microsoft applications.  It provides self-service support (such as links to help articles or directions on how Windows users can solve problems on their own), Diagnostics, and connecting the customer to a live Microsoft agent as appropriate. You can sign into the Get Help component with your Microsoft account to create a consumer support case.  Enterprise account users may also be permitted to create a customer support case depending on their organization’s support contract, and if enabled by their tenant administrator.
Get Help may suggest you run a Diagnostic. If you consent, diagnostic data is handled in accordance with the
Diagnostics
section.
If permitted by system settings, the system microphone may be used to capture the support question instead of your needing to type. You can control this in the “Microphone Privacy Settings” in the Windows Settings application. Get Help will also access your Application List to aid in opening the Feedback Hub to the correct app if you choose to start the feedback process within Get Help. All feedback will be entered and controlled by the Feedback Hub, as described in the Feedback Hub section of this Privacy Statement. Get Help does not use your location data as part of its services.
Back to top
Live captions
Live captions transcribe audio to help with the comprehension of spoken content. Live captions can generate captions from any audio containing speech, whether the audio is online, audio you have downloaded to your device, or audio received from your microphone. By default, transcribing microphone audio is disabled.
Voice data that is captioned is only processed on your device and is not shared to the cloud or with Microsoft.
Learn more about live captions
.
Back to top
Location services and recording
Windows location service
. Microsoft operates a location service that helps determine the precise geographic location of a specific Windows device. Depending on the capabilities of the device, the device’s location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. When you have enabled location on a Windows device, or you have given permission for Microsoft apps to access location information on non-Windows devices, data about cell towers and Wi-Fi access points and their locations is collected by Microsoft and added to the location database after removing any data identifying the person or device from which it was collected. This de-identified location information is used to improve Microsoft's location services.
Windows services and features, apps running on Windows, and websites opened in Windows browsers can access the device’s location through Windows if your settings allow them to do so. Some features and apps request location permission when you first install Windows, some ask the first time you use the app, and others ask every time you access the device’s location. For information about certain Windows apps that use the device’s location, see the
Windows apps
section of this privacy statement.
When an app or feature accesses the device’s location and you are signed in with a Microsoft account, your Windows device will also upload its location to the cloud where it is available across your devices to other apps or services that use your Microsoft account and for which you’ve granted permission. We will retain only the last known location (each new location replaces the previous one). Data about a Windows device's recent location history is also stored on the device even if not using a Microsoft account, and certain apps and Windows features can access this location history. You can clear your device's location history at any time in the Windows settings app.
In the Windows settings app, you can also view which apps have access to the device’s precise location or your device's location history, turn off or on access to the device’s location for particular apps, or turn off access to the device’s location. You can also set a default location, which will be used when the location service can’t detect a more exact location for your device.
There are some exceptions to how your device’s location can be determined that are not directly managed by the location settings.
Desktop apps are a specific type of app that won’t ask for separate permission to discover your device location information and won’t appear in the list that allows you to choose apps that can use your location. They can be downloaded from the Microsoft Store, downloaded from the internet, or installed with some type of media (such as a CD, DVD, or USB storage device). They’re opened using an .EXE, .MSI, or .DLL file, and they typically run on your device, unlike web-based apps (which run in the cloud).
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to determine your device’s location when the device’s location setting is off
.
Some web-based experiences or third-party apps that surface on Windows could use other technologies (such as Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, cellular modem, etc.) or cloud-based location services to determine your device’s location with varying degrees of accuracy even when you’ve turned off the device location setting.
In addition, to facilitate getting help in an emergency, whenever you make an emergency call, Windows will attempt to determine and share your precise location, regardless of your location settings. If your device has a SIM card or is otherwise using cellular service, your mobile operator will have access to your device’s location.
Learn more about location in Windows
.
General Location
. If you turn on Location services, apps that cannot use your precise location may still have access to your general location, such as your city, postal code, or region.
Find my device
. The Find my device feature allows an administrator of a Windows device to find the location of that device from account.microsoft.com/devices. To enable Find my device, an administrator needs to be signed in with a Microsoft account and have the location setting enabled. This feature will work even if other users have denied access to location for all their apps. When the administrator attempts to locate the device, users will see a notification in the notification area.
Learn more about Find my device in Windows
.
Recording
. Some Windows devices have a recording feature that allows you to capture audio and video clips of your activity on the device, including your communications with others. If you choose to record a session, the recording will be saved locally on your device. In some cases, you may have the option to transmit the recording to a Microsoft product or service that broadcasts the recording publicly.
Important: You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording and/or transmitting any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use recording features or your recordings.
Back to top
Narrator
Narrator is a built-in screen reader tool that helps you use Windows without a screen. Narrator offers intelligent image and page title description and web page summaries when you encounter undescribed images and ambiguous links.
When you choose to get an image description by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the image will be sent to Microsoft to perform analysis of the image and generate a description. Images are used only to generate the description and are not stored by Microsoft.
When you choose to get page title descriptions by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the page title description and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing services as described in the Bing section above.
When you choose to get a list of popular links for a web page by pressing Narrator + double press of S, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the summary of popular links and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing.
You can disable these features at any time by going to
Narrator>Get image descriptions, page titles and popular links
in Settings in Windows.
You can also send feedback about Narrator to help Microsoft diagnose and resolve problems with Narrator and improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows. Verbal feedback can be submitted at any time in Narrator by using Narrator Key + Alt + F. When you use this command, the Feedback Hub app will launch, giving you the opportunity to submit verbal feedback. If you enable the setting “Help Make Narrator Better” in the Windows settings app and submit verbal feedback through Feedback Hub, recent device and usage data, including event trace log (ETL) data, will be submitted along with your verbal feedback to improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows.
Back to top
Phone Link - Link to Windows
The Phone Link feature lets you link your Android phone with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone via Bluetooth to connect to your Windows PC. Your Android device will link with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone will link via Bluetooth, enabling a variety of cross-device experiences across all your Windows devices where you are signed in or connected via Bluetooth. You can use Phone Link to see recent photos from your Android phone on your Windows device; make and receive live calls from your Android phone on your Windows device; view and send text messages from your Windows device; view, dismiss, or perform other actions to your Android phone notifications from your Windows device; share your phone screen on your Windows device through Phone Link’s mirroring function; and instantly access Android apps installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. You can use Phone Link to make and receive calls from your iPhone, view and send text messages, and view, dismiss, or perform other actions on your iPhone notification from your Windows device.
To use Phone Link, Link to Windows must be installed on your Android device. You may also optionally download Phone Link to your iPhone.
To use Phone Link, you must log into your Microsoft account on the Phone Link feature on your Windows device and on Link to Windows on your Android phone or Bluetooth enabled on your iPhone. Your Android phone and your Windows device must be connected to the internet. Some features will require you to enable Bluetooth and pair your phone with your PC. To use the Calls feature, your Android phone must also have Bluetooth enabled.
During setting up your Windows device, you can choose to link your phone with your Microsoft account. This is done by signing into Link to Windows on your Android phone, granting permissions and completing the onboarding experience. Once complete, Link to Windows will sync your data to all your Windows PCs where you have signed into your Microsoft account. See below for details on how your data is used.
As part of providing Phone Link’s features to you, Microsoft collects performance, usage, and device data that includes, for example, the hardware capabilities of your mobile phone and Windows device, the number and duration of your sessions on Phone Link, and the amount of time you spent during setup.
You can unlink your Android phone from your Windows device at any time by going into your Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your Android phone. You can do the same from the settings in Link to Windows on your Android phone. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
You can unlink your iPhone from your Windows device at any time by going into Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your iPhone. You can do the same from your iPhone by going into
Settings > Bluetooth > Selecting your PC name > click on the (i) icon >
and choosing
Forget This Device
. All users can remove the Bluetooth pairing by disabling the experiences.
Text Messages – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your Android phone on your Windows device and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within the last 30 days are visible on your Windows device. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your Android phone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) on Android devices, and messages sent via RCS (Rich Communication Services) on select Samsung devices on select mobile operator networks. To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Text Messages – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your iPhone on your Windows devices and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within your Bluetooth session or iMessage are visible on your Windows devices. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your iPhone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service). To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Calls – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your Android phone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable certain permissions on both your Windows device and Android phone, such as call logs access and permission to make phone calls from your PC. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone's settings. Only calls received and dialed within the last 30 days are visible under call logs on your Windows device. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your Android phone.
Calls – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your iPhone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable Sync Contacts feature under Bluetooth settings on your iPhone. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your iPhone.
Photos – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to copy, share, edit, save, or delete photos from your Android phone on your Windows device. Only a limited number of your most recent photos from the Camera Roll and Screenshots folders on your Android phone will be visible on your Windows device at any given time. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows device and as you take more photos on your Android phone, we remove the temporary copies of the older photos from your Windows device. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your Android phone.
Notifications – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your Android phone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions, such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and Android phone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone’s settings. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
Notifications – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view your iPhone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your iPhone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and iPhone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your iPhone’s Bluetooth settings.
Phone Screen Mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices
, Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s screen on your Windows device. Your Android phone screen will be visible on your Windows device as a pixel stream and any audio that you enable on your Android phone screen while it is linked to your Windows device through Phone Link will play through your Android phone.
Apps mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to use your Android apps that are installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. For example, you can launch a music app in your Windows session and listen to audio from that app on your PC speakers. Microsoft collects a list of your installed Android apps and recent activity to provide the service and show you your most recently used apps. Microsoft does not store what apps you have installed or any of the information displayed by the app in your experience with it.
Content transfer – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to copy and paste contents such as files, documents, photos, etc. between your Android phone and your Windows device. You can transfer content from your Android phone to your Windows device and from your Windows device to your Android phone by drag and drop contents between the devices.
Instant Hotspot – Android devices.
On supported devices, Link to Windows enables users to share mobile hotspot information with their paired PC over secure Bluetooth communication. Your PC can then be connected to the internet through the Windows network flyout. Please note mobile data charges may apply depending on the mobile data plan you have.
Contacts sync – Android devices.
Link to Windows allows you to sync your Android contacts into the Microsoft cloud to access them in other Microsoft products and services. You can enable this feature by going into Link to Windows settings and enabling “Contacts sync” feature. Your contacts information is stored online and associated with your Microsoft account. You may choose to disable sync and delete these contacts at any time.
Learn more
.
Contacts sync – iPhone.
Phone Link allows you to sync your contacts from your iPhone to access them for messaging and calling. You can enable this feature by going into Bluetooth settings on your iPhone and toggle on Sync Contacts under your PC name after connecting your iPhone to Phone Link. You may choose to disable syncing at any time by toggling off Sync Contacts.
Text-to-voice.
Phone Link features include accessibility functionality such as text-to-voice. You can activate a text-to-voice feature, which allows you to hear the contents of a text message or notification as audio. If you activate this feature, your text messages and notifications will be read out loud as they are received.
Office Enterprise – Android Devices.
Link to Windows allows you to insert photos into web and desktop versions of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word directly from your mobile phone. This requires your IT Administrator to have enabled Optional Connected Experiences for Microsoft Office applications and you will need to associate your mobile device with your work or school account and provide Photos permission to your account. After onboarding, your session will last 15 minutes to enable you to transfer your Photos from your mobile device. To use this feature again, you will need to scan your QR code. Link to Windows does not collect your work or school account information or information about your Enterprise. In order to provide this service, Microsoft uses a cloud service to relay your files for the purpose of inserting the photos into web and desktop version of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word files.
Back to top
Cross-device experiences
Cross-device experiences in Windows allow you to access your mobile device from your PC using your Microsoft Account. These can be managed under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in your Windows PC Settings. As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects performance usage and device data, including information about the hardware capabilities of your mobile and Windows devices. You can turn this feature on or off at any time in your Windows PC Settings.
Use your mobile device as a connected camera.
This feature allows you to use your mobile device’s camera in apps or products on Windows that support camera functionality. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft does not record or store your camera sessions or any of the information displayed by your camera in any of the applications or products.
Get new photo notifications from your mobile device.
This feature allows you to receive notifications from your linked mobile device on your Windows PC. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows PC while you are editing or opening those photos. You will need to initiate saving to your PC to store those photos until you decide to delete them. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your mobile device.
Show your mobile device in File Explorer
. This feature allows you to access your mobile device’s files in File Explorer. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft will not store your file contents in its services.
Back to top
Security and safety features
Device encryption
. Device encryption helps protect the data stored on your device by encrypting it using BitLocker Drive Encryption technology. When device encryption is on, Windows automatically encrypts the drive Windows is installed on and generates a recovery key. The BitLocker recovery key for your personal device is automatically backed up online in your personal Microsoft OneDrive account. Microsoft doesn't use your individual recovery keys for any purpose.
Malicious Software Removal Tool
. The Malicious Software Removal Tool (MSRT) runs on your device at least once per month as part of Windows Update. MSRT checks devices for infections by specific, prevalent malicious software ("malware") and helps remove any infections found. When the MSRT runs, it will remove the malware listed on the Microsoft Support website if the malware is on your device. During a malware check, a report will be sent to Microsoft with specific data about malware detected, errors, and other data about your device. If you do not want MSRT to send this data to Microsoft, you can disable MSRT's reporting component.
Microsoft Family
. Parents can use Microsoft Family Safety to understand and set boundaries on how their child is using their device. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group. If you live in a region that requires permission to create an account to access Microsoft services, you may be prompted to request or give parental consent. If a user is under the statutory age in your region, during the registration process they will be prompted to request consent from a parent or guardian by entering an adult’s email. When Family activity reporting is turned on for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their device and provide parents with reports of that child's activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen and Smart App Control
. Microsoft strives to help protect your device and passwords from unsafe apps, files, and web content.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen helps protect you when using our services by identifying threats to you, your device, and your passwords. These threats might include potentially unsafe apps or web content that Microsoft Defender SmartScreen discovers while checking websites you visit, files you download, and apps you install and run. When Microsoft Defender SmartScreen checks web and app content, data about the content and your device is sent to Microsoft, including the full web address of the content. When additional analysis is needed to identify security threats, information about the suspicious website or app—such as content displayed, sounds played, and application memory—may be sent to Microsoft. This data will only be used for security purposes in detecting, protecting against, and responding to security incidents, identity theft, fraud, or other malicious, deceptive, or illegal activities. If Microsoft Defender SmartScreen detects that content is potentially unsafe, you will see a warning in place of the content. Microsoft Defender SmartScreen can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Where supported, Smart App Control helps check software that is installed and runs on your device to determine if it is malicious, potentially unwanted, or poses other threats to you and your device. On a supported device, Smart App Control starts in evaluation mode and the data we collect for Microsoft Defender SmartScreen such as file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates, is used to help determine whether your device is a good candidate to use Smart App Control for additional security protection. Smart App Control is not enabled and will not block during evaluation mode. Some devices may not be good candidates if Smart App Control would otherwise get in the way and interfere with a user’s otherwise intended and legitimate tasks – for instance, developers who use a lot of unsigned files. If you are a good candidate for Smart App Control, then it will automatically be turned on, and will provide additional protection to your device beyond Microsoft Defender SmartScreen. Otherwise, Smart App Control will be unavailable and permanently turned off. If your device is unsupported or not a good candidate for Smart App Control, Microsoft Defender SmartScreen will continue to help protect your device. When Smart App Control is enabled and identifies an app as malicious, potentially unwanted, or unknown and unsigned, it will block and notify you prior to opening, running, or installing the app.
Learn more about Smart App Control
.
When either Microsoft Defender SmartScreen or Smart App Control checks a file, data about that file is sent to Microsoft, including the file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates.
Smart App Control can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Microsoft Defender Antivirus
. Microsoft Defender Antivirus looks for malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content on your device. Microsoft Defender Antivirus is automatically turned on to help protect your device if no other antimalware software is actively protecting your device. If Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, it will monitor the security status of your device. When Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, or is running because Limited Periodic Scanning is enabled, it will automatically send reports to Microsoft that contain data about suspected malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content, and it may also send files that could contain malicious content, such as malware or unknown files for further inspection. If a report is likely to contain personal data, the report is not sent automatically, and you'll be prompted before it is sent. You can configure Microsoft Defender Antivirus not to send reports and suspected malware to Microsoft.
Back to top
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Speech
. Microsoft provides both a device-based speech recognition feature and cloud-based (online) speech recognition technologies.
Turning on the Online speech recognition setting lets apps use Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition. Additionally, in Windows 10, the Online speech recognition setting enables your ability to use dictation within Windows.
Turning on speech while setting up a HoloLens device or installing Windows Mixed Reality allows you to use your voice for commands, dictation, and app interactions. Both device-based speech recognition and online speech recognition settings will be enabled. With both settings enabled, while your headset is turned on the device will always be listening to your voice input and will send your voice data to Microsoft’s cloud-based speech recognition technologies.
When you use cloud-based speech recognition technologies from Microsoft, whether enabled by the Online speech recognition setting or when you interact with HoloLens or voice typing, Microsoft collects and uses your voice recordings to provide the speech recognition service by creating a text transcription of the spoken words in the voice data. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
You can use device-based speech recognition without sending your voice data to Microsoft. However, Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition technologies provide more accurate recognition than the device-based speech recognition. When the online speech recognition setting is turned off, speech services that do not rely on the cloud and only use device-based recognition—like live captions, Narrator, or voice access—will still work and Microsoft won’t collect any voice data.
You can turn off online speech recognition at any time. This will stop any apps that rely on the Online speech recognition setting from sending your voice data to Microsoft. If you are using a HoloLens or Windows Mixed Reality headset, you can also turn off device-based speech recognition at any time. This will stop the device from listening for your voice input.
Learn more about speech recognition in Windows
.
Voice Activation
. Windows provides supported apps with the ability to respond and take action based on voice keywords that are specific to that app.
If you’ve given permission for an app to listen for voice keywords, Windows will be actively listening to the microphone for these keywords. Once a keyword is recognized, the app will have access to your voice recording, can process the recording, take action, and respond, such as with a spoken answer. The app may send the voice recording to its own services in the cloud to process the commands. Each app should ask you for permission before accessing voice recordings.
Additionally, voice activation can be enabled when the device is locked. If enabled, the relevant app will continue listening to the microphone for voice keywords when you have locked your device and can activate for anyone who speaks near the device. When the device is locked, the app will have access to the same set of capabilities and information as when the device is unlocked.
You can turn off voice activation at any time.
Learn more about voice activation in Windows
.
Even when you’ve turned off voice activation, some third-party desktop apps and services could still be listening to the microphone and collect your voice input.
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to access your microphone even with these settings turned off
.
Voice typing
. In Windows 11, dictation has been updated and renamed as voice typing. Voice typing may use both device-based and online speech recognition technologies to power its speech-to-text transcription service. You can also choose to contribute voice clips to help improve voice typing. If you choose not to contribute voice clips, you can still use voice typing. You can change your selection anytime in the voice typing settings. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Voice access
. Windows enables everyone, including people with mobility disabilities, to control their PC and author text using their voice. For example, voice access supports scenarios like opening and switching between apps, browsing the web, and reading and authoring mail. Voice access leverages modern, on-device speech recognition to accurately recognize speech and is supported without an internet connection. When a user invokes voice access it uses the device microphone.
Learn more about voice access
.
Inking & Typing Personalization
. Your typed and handwritten words are collected to provide you with a custom word list, better character recognition to help you type and write on your device, and text suggestions that appear as you type or write.
You can turn off inking & typing personalization at any time. This will delete your customer word list stored on your device. If you turn it back on, you’ll need to recreate your custom word list.
Learn more about inking & typing personalization in Windows
.
Back to top
Sync and backup settings
When you sign into Windows with your Microsoft account, Windows can store your settings, files, and device configuration data in Microsoft’s servers. Windows will only use the stored settings, files, and device configuration data to make it easier for you to migrate your experience on a different device.
You can turn off this feature and stop Windows from storing your settings, files, and configuration data from the Windows settings. You can delete the data that has been backed up previously to your Microsoft account, by visiting
your Microsoft Account Devices page
.
Learn more about Windows backup and sync settings
.
Back to top
Update Services
Update Services for Windows includes Windows Update and Microsoft Update. Windows Update is a service that provides you with software updates for Windows software and other supporting software, such as drivers and firmware supplied by device manufacturers. Microsoft Update is a service that provides you with software updates for other Microsoft software such as Microsoft 365.
Windows Update automatically downloads Windows software updates to your device. You can configure Windows Update to automatically install these updates as they become available (recommended) or have Windows notify you when a restart is required to finish installing updates. Apps available through the Microsoft Store are automatically updated through the Microsoft Store, as described in the
Microsoft Store
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
This section applies to legacy versions of Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below). See the
Microsoft Edge
section of the Privacy Statement for information about non-legacy versions of Microsoft Edge.
Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows. Internet Explorer, the legacy browser from Microsoft, is also available in Windows. Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Additionally, data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Delete Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Web note
. Allows you to create ink and text annotations on the webpages you visit, and clip, save, or share them.
Active reading
. Allows you to create and manage reading lists, including websites or documents.
Hub
. Allows you to easily manage your reading lists, favorites, downloads, and history all in one area.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Some Microsoft browser information saved on your device will be synced across other devices when you sign in with your Microsoft account so you can access your data on all your signed-in browsers across your devices. For instance, in Internet Explorer, this information includes your browsing history and favorites; and in Microsoft Edge, it includes your favorites, reading lists, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), and may include data for extensions that you have installed. As an example, if you sync your Microsoft Edge reading list across devices, copies of the content you choose to save to your reading list will be sent to each synced device for later viewing. You can disable syncing in Internet Explorer by going to
Start
>
Settings
>
Accounts
>
Sync your settings
. (For more information, see the
Sync settings
section of this privacy statement.) You can also disable syncing of Microsoft Edge browser information by turning off the sync option in Microsoft Edge Settings.
Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer use your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search results. These features include:
Search suggestions
in Internet Explorer automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to your default search provider (such as Bing) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
Search and site suggestions
in Microsoft Edge automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to Bing (even if you have selected another default search provider) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
You can turn off these features at any time. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer send your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider when the app is used. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Windows AI Features
Click to Do
Click to Do can run in partnership with Recall or as a stand-alone feature. Once started, you can use Click to Do to capture and analyze screenshots and identify the presence of text and images, then allowing you to take relevant actions for each. For instance, Click to Do can give you options to edit a screenshot image, or revise or rework text that it captures. Click to Do is unable to identify the content of the text or images identified within a screenshot, but you can use local AI and other tools to modify the content if you wish. Everything remains on your local device unless you make an explicit choice, like sending an image off to Bing for a search, asking Click to Do to provide a summary of text the user has selected (in which case it will be sent to Microsoft’s Azure AI cloud service), or using another local AI or other tool to modify a Click to Do screenshot.
Click to Do also allows you to use your microphone to search for text within a capture screenshot. When you click on the microphone button, Click to Do starts listening to what’s said, which is entered into the Search box, and will highlight all the matches from the search. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Windows Recall
Recall is a Windows feature only available in CoPilot+ PCs that allows users to find things they've seen on their device using the text and visual clues they remember. To use Recall, a user must opt-in to save snapshots on their Copilot+ PC, which are images of everything open and visible on the user’s screen and include associated metadata such as the app name and time-date stamp. All data is stored locally on the device and is protected with Windows Hello Enhanced Sign-in Security (ESS), which provides more secure biometric sign-ins and helps ensure only the customer can have access to their information. Every time a user launches Recall they will be asked to authenticate using Windows Hello biometric sign-in or PIN before the contents of the snapshot folder will decrypt. Click to Do runs on top of snapshots in Recall and helps the user get things done faster by allowing them to take actions with their content, either images or text, on the screen. The analysis of snapshots is always performed locally on the device and the actions available to take change based on what kind of content is detected.
Recall also allows you to use your Copilot+ PC device microphone as a way to search for text within captured snapshots. When you click on the microphone button located inside the Search input box within the Recall window, it starts listening to what’s said and enters it into the Search box. The microphone remains in use until you pause your speech, at which point it is turned off until you explicitly press the microphone button again. All the matches from the search will be highlighted in the results. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Data captured by Recall including personal data (e.g., snapshots, metadata, processing results, and user queries) remain local to the device within your signed-in account on the Copilot+ PC, and is not transmitted off the device unless you take certain action. For example, if you copy and paste a snapshot into another app, or choose to include a snapshot when submitting feedback through the Windows Feedback Hub. The only way Recall content can be shared with anyone is by explicit on-device action taken by the user.
You can control your content (such as Snapshots, metadata, search queries, and history) by pausing or deleting snapshots, filtering content, or using a supported browser in privacy mode. Learn more about your privacy and control over your Recall experience
here
.
In addition to the Recall search feature, Recall also has a timeline, in which your snapshots are organized chronologically and visualized in a horizontal scrollbar that you can use to find and leverage your past activities on your PC. In addition to the features available within the timeline, you can delete snapshots from this view, either individually or by all snapshots containing a website domain (e.g., all from www.bing.com) or those from a specific app.
Recall also has a Sensitive Content filter that is on by default to help prevent the retention of information that might be more delicate in nature (e.g., credit card numbers, state issued ID numbers, etc.). Users can turn this filter off if they wish in Windows Settings.
Back to top
Windows apps
A number of Microsoft apps are included with Windows and others are available in Microsoft Store. Some of those apps include:
Maps app
. The Maps app provides location-based services and uses Bing services to process your searches within the Maps app. When the Maps app has access to your location, and you have enabled location-based services in Windows, when you use the “@” key to initiate a search in supported text boxes in Windows apps, Bing services collects the text you type after the “@” key to provide location-based suggestions. To learn more about these Bing-powered experiences, see the
Bing
section of this privacy statement. When the Maps app has access to your location, even when the app is not in use, Microsoft may collect de-identified location data from your device to improve Microsoft services. You can disable the Maps app's access to your location by turning off the location service or turning off the Maps app's access to the location service.
You can keep track of your favorite places and recent map searches in the Maps app. Your favorite places and search history will be included as search suggestions. If you grant the Maps app access to your camera, you’ll be able to capture the location of where your photos took place – for instance, a photo of your car will also tell you where your car is parked. You can also share your location with other people in your contacts. If you're signed in with your Microsoft account, your favorite places, search history, and certain app settings will be synced across other devices and services. For more information, see the
Sync and backup settings
section of this privacy statement.
Camera app
. If you allow the Camera app to use your location, location data is embedded in the photos and videos you take with your device. Other descriptive data, such as camera model and the date that the picture or video was taken, is also embedded in photos and videos. If you choose to share a photo or video, any embedded data will be accessible to the people and services you share with. Once enabled, you can always disable the Camera app's access to your location by turning off all access to the location service in your device's Settings menu or turning off the Camera app's access to the location service.
When the Camera app is open, it shows rectangles detected by the selected camera for areas in the image that are potentially used for image enhancement. The Camera app does not retain any image enhancing data. You can always change your camera access settings in the Windows Settings menu. The Camera app uses various device capabilities such as location, camera, microphone, video, and picture library. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Photos app
. There are two versions of the Photos app available. The updated Photos app includes features like iCloud integration and local and cloud folder views. The previous legacy version of the Photos app includes features like Video Editor, the People tab, and Albums. You are using the updated Photos app if the “About” section in the Photos app settings indicates the app is the “Updated” Photos app. In some cases, a user may have both the updated Photos app and the Photos legacy version downloaded on their device.
The updated Photos app helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. For example, the Photos app presents different ways to group photos and videos by name, date taken, or date modified, and also in folders where those files are stored, such as stored locally on your device or synced to your device from OneDrive, iCloud, and other cloud services. The app also allows you to move, copy or upload files to different locations on your computer or to OneDrive. The All Photos tab displays your locally stored or synced photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Favorites tab lets you view photos and videos you previously liked or favorited. The Folders tab allows you to view photos or videos by their storage location. There are also tabs where you can see your photos and videos from available cloud services (such as OneDrive and other third-party services) that you have synced to your device.
The Photos legacy app also helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. However, if you are using the Photos legacy app, you may see other features that are not available in the newer version of the Photos app, including Collections, Albums, Video Editor and the People setting. The Collection tab displays photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Albums tab helps you organize your photos and videos by location and common tags. The Video Editor allows you to edit, create, and share videos.
The People setting can be enabled on the Photos legacy app's Settings page and in the People tab of the app. When enabled, the Photos legacy app will use face grouping technology to organize your photos and videos into groups. The grouping feature can detect faces in a photo or video and determine whether they are visually similar to faces in other photos and videos in your local photo collection. You can choose to associate a facial grouping with a contact from your People app.
When enabled in the Photos legacy app, your groupings will be stored on your device for as long as you choose to keep the groupings or the photos or videos. If the People setting is turned on, there will be a prompt to allow the Photos legacy app to continue to permit facial groupings after three years of non-interaction with the Photos legacy app. At any time, you can go to the Settings page in the Photos legacy app to turn the People setting on or off. Turning the feature off will remove facial grouping data from the Photos legacy app but will not remove your photos or videos.
Learn more about the Photos legacy app and facial grouping
.
If you choose to share a photo or video using the Photos app or the Photos legacy app, any embedded data (such as location, camera model, and date) will be accessible to the people and services you share the photo or video with.
People app
. The People app lets you see and interact with all your contacts in one place. When you add an account to the People app, your contacts from your account will be automatically added to the People app. You can add other accounts to the People app, including your social networks (such as Facebook and Twitter) and email accounts. When you add an account, we tell you what data the People app can import or sync with the particular service and let you choose what you want to add. Other apps you install may also sync data to the People app, including providing additional details to existing contacts. When you view a contact in the People app, information about your recent interactions with the contact (such as emails and calendar events, including from apps that the People app syncs data from) will be retrieved and displayed to you. You can remove an account from the People app at any time.
Mail and Calendar app
. The Mail and Calendar app allows you to connect all your email, calendars, and files in one place, including those from third-party email and file storage providers. The app provides location-based services, such as weather information in your calendar, but you can disable the app’s use of your location. When you add an account to the Mail and Calendar app, your email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other settings from your account will automatically sync to your device and to Microsoft servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that’s synced from your account. To configure an account, you must provide the app with the account credentials (such as user name and password), which will be sent over the internet to the third-party provider’s server. The app will first attempt to use a secure (SSL) connection to configure your account but will send this information unencrypted if your email provider does not support SSL. If you add an account provided by an organization (such as a company email address), the owner of the organizational domain can implement certain policies and controls (for example, multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that may affect your use of the app. This app uses your device capabilities such as location, camera. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Windows Operator Messages (previously Microsoft Messaging) app
. The Windows Operator Messages app receives and shows account-related SMS texts from your mobile operator about your data plan (such as your billing and data limits) on your PC or device. These messages are stored locally on your device. From your device, you can also access, view, and delete these messages. This app uses your device capabilities such as Contacts. Please visit Microsoft Store on Windows to learn more.
The Clock app
is your hub for time management and focus on Windows. When users sign in with their Microsoft account they can enable Microsoft To Do which is a cloud connected experience. When the user turns on Focus Session, session data is stored locally and user can clear it by going to the clock settings page. Additionally, Focus Sessions supports connecting to Spotify accounts to listen to ambient audio to help users focus. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Journal
is a Windows application specifically designed for touch-focused, pen-capable devices such as tablets and 2-in-1 devices. It provides users with freeform personal note-taking experience. The app leverages artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning to better recognize your handwriting that processes data locally on your device. When connected to Microsoft 365 (subscription required), users can seamlessly access their M365 calendar and contacts within the app. All user created content is automatically saved at the default save location in the document library for future reference. Journal lets you access photos library and the device camera and microphone so that you can add them to a workbook. Learn about Journal app
here
or visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Mobile plans
app helps you get online easily and in more places on your Windows 10 PC and 11 LTE devices. Upon signing up for a data plan on your device, it establishes a connection with the mobile operator, enabling you to complete purchases through the mobile operator’s online portal. You will need a supported SIM card in order to use this app. The Mobile Plan App will use your IMEI, IMSI, EID, ICCID, and Country (coarse location determined by Cellular Network ID or Wi-Fi Reverse IP) to determine which mobile operators are available in your area. The mobile operator may send notifications to users through the Mobile Plans App. This app uses your device’s capabilities such as its camera and microphone. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft PC Manager
is available in select regions and is a desktop tool aimed at boosting your PC’s performance. Based on your request, PC Manager will scan your device, and allows you to delete unneeded or temporary documents, optimize cache, stop or recover from unauthorized changes, or use other features such as health check, one-click boost, storage clean-up, file and pop-up management, and protection of your default settings.
PC Manager will block pop-ups based on ad-block rules and the pop-up windows selected by you through custom block. If you agree to join the “Microsoft PC Manager Pop-up Plan,” when you block pop-up windows through custom block, you can help us optimize the pop-up management feature of Microsoft PC Manager by taking screenshots of the pop-up and sending them to Microsoft. Microsoft does not collect information other than screenshots, Windows title, and the class of Windows. Screenshots sent are only retained for a short period of time and regularly deleted. You can manage your Pop-Up Plan preferences through the PC Manager settings at anytime. The feedback feature in PC Manager may also process personal data if you include it in the feedback you provide to Microsoft. The feedback from users is regularly deleted after processing. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Snipping Tool
is a handy utility in Windows that uses your microphone and pictures library to capture and store screenshots and screen recordings. The Snipping Tool includes a Text Action feature, which uses built-in optical character recognition (OCR) support. You can select and copy text directly from images using OCR. Additionally, you can use the Text Action feature to redact sensitive information from captured text. With clipboard integration items copied from the Snipping Tool are also copied to your clipboard. If you enable clipboard history across devices, the copied content can be used seamlessly across different devices. Users can manage their clipboard and snipping preferences through the Windows settings. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Sound Recorder app
is a versatile tool designed for capturing audio via your microphone in various scenarios. While recording, you can mark key moments to easily locate important sections later. You can also trim, adjust volume levels, or apply other modifications as needed, and playback your recordings. Your recordings are autosaved and stored in your Documents folder for easy access, and you can share your recorded audio with friends and family. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Clipchamp
is a video editor designed to make video creation easy. It allows users to combine videos, images, and audio files, as well as add text and effects, and then save the finished video to their device, or store their videos in their personal OneDrive via their Microsoft account. Users can also add stock videos and stock music or sound effects, stickers, graphical elements, backgrounds, and more. Users can choose to allow Clipchamp to access their camera and microphone to record videos directly from their device. To provide a better experience, such as which language to display to you, Clipchamp will collect your imprecise location. Users can access Clipchamp with a personal or family Microsoft account via the Clipchamp app for Windows 10 or Windows 11 and in the Edge or Chrome browser at
https://app.clipchamp.com
.
Media Player
is the default built-in player of multimedia (audio and video) files. When you choose to open a multimedia file, Media Player will read the contents of that file. When you open Media Player, it will read the contents of your Music library and Video library folders to populate its own Music library and Video library pages inside the Media Player to help you organize, view, and play multimedia content.
To enrich your experience when playing music, Media Player will automatically attempt to display artist art and album art for the content you play and the content in your music library. To provide this information, Media Player sends an information request to Microsoft containing standard device data, such as your device IP address, device software version, your regional and language settings, and an identifier for the content. If desired, this feature can be disabled on the app’s Settings page.
Movies and TV.
Microsoft Movies & TV allows you to rent or buy movies and TV episodes, and play them on your device.
To help you discover content that may interest you, Movies & TV will collect data about what movies and TV shows you watch, including the length of play and any ratings you give.
Movies & TV can also display and play local video files stored on your PC. To do this, it needs access to the video library on your device.
Windows Media Player Legacy.
When you use Windows Media Player Legacy, it can read media content such as video, audio, and picture files which allows you to play CDs and other digital content (such as video and audio files), rip CDs, and manage your media library. To enrich your experience when you play content in your library, Windows Media Player Legacy displays related media information, such as album title, song titles, album art, artist, and composer. To augment your media information, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a request to Microsoft which contains standard computer information, an identifier for the media content, and the media information already contained in your Windows Media Player Legacy library (including information you may have edited or entered yourself) so that Microsoft can recognize the track and then return additional information that is available.
Windows Media Player Legacy also allows you to play back content that is streamed to you over a network. To provide this service, it is necessary for Windows Media Player Legacy to communicate with a streaming media server. These servers are typically operated by non-Microsoft content providers. During playback of streaming media, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a log to the streaming media server or other web server(s) if the streaming media server requests it. The log includes such details as: connection time, IP address, operating system version, Windows Media Player Legacy version, Player identification number (Player ID), date, and protocol. To protect your privacy, Windows Media Player Legacy defaults to sending a Player ID that is different for each session.
Back to top
Windows Hello
Windows Hello provides instant access to your devices through biometric authentication. If you turn it on, Windows Hello uses your face, fingerprint, or iris to identify you based on a set of unique points or features that are extracted from the image and stored on your device as a template—but it does not store the actual image of your face, fingerprint, or iris. Biometric verification data that's used when you sign in doesn't leave your device. Your biometric verification data will remain on your device until you remove it. However, after a significant period of Windows Hello inactivity, you will be prompted to confirm that you want to continue to store your biometric verification data. You can delete your biometric verification data from within Settings. Learn more about
Windows Hello
.
Back to top
Windows Search
Windows Search lets you search your stuff and the web from one place. If you choose to use Windows Search to search "your stuff," it will provide results for items on your personal OneDrive, your OneDrive for Business if so enabled, other cloud storage providers to the extent supported by those third-party providers, and on your device. If you choose to use Windows Search to search the web, or get search suggestions with Windows Search, your search results will be powered by Bing and we will use your search query as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Learn more about search in Windows
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Entertainment and related services
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Xbox
The Xbox network is the online gaming and entertainment service from Microsoft that consists of software and enables online experiences across different platforms. This service lets you find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When you sign up for an Xbox profile, we assign you a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you sign in on Xbox devices, apps, and services, the data we collect about your use is stored using these unique identifier(s).
Xbox consoles are devices you can use to find and play games, movies, music, and other digital entertainment. When you sign in to Xbox experiences—in apps or on a console—we also assign a unique identifier to your device. When your Xbox console is connected to the internet, for instance, and you sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system you’re using.
Data we collect
about your use of Xbox services, games, apps, and consoles includes:
When you sign in and sign out of Xbox, any purchases you make, and content you obtain.
Which games you play and apps you use, your game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and your network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content you add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video you capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections you make (friends you add and people who follow you) on the Xbox network.
If you sign in to use Xbox on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time you sign in to Xbox, even if you’ve been playing offline.
Data we collect enables us to provide you with our services and with curated experiences. This includes connecting you to games, content, and services, as well as presenting you with offers, discounts, and recommendations. To change your settings for these recommendations, visit
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
page.
Camera and Microphone
. While using Xbox, players can use the device’s capabilities such as the microphone, camera and screen recording to improve their gaming experience. When an Xbox game is played in the Windows Game Bar, the camera and microphone may be used, including to read photos and videos and to capture and record screenshots.
Xbox diagnostic data
. Diagnostic data has two categories: required and optional.
Required
. Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. The minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Optional data is additional data that you choose to share with Microsoft. Optional data may include additional details about the operation, usage, and performance of your Xbox products and services, as well as enhanced error reporting.
Learn more at
Manage settings for optional data sharing
.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, all voice communication in the party is captioned for the player. Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it, as well as the other purposes described in this statement.
Xbox data viewable by others
. Your gamertag, game and play statistics, achievements, presence (whether you are currently signed in to Xbox), content you share, and other data about your activity on Xbox can be seen by:
Other players signed in to Xbox.
Customers of third-party services you’ve linked your profile to, or
Other services associated with Xbox (including those of partner companies).
For example, your gamertag and scores that show on game leaderboards are considered public and cannot be hidden. For other data, you can adjust your privacy settings on consoles and at
Xbox.com
to limit or block what is shared with the public or with friends.
Learn more at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Xbox data shared with third parties including game and apps publishers
. When you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about your usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game, types of vehicles used in-game), your presence on the Xbox network, the time you spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs you belong to, official club memberships, and any content you create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use the data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from game or app detail pages in the Microsoft Store.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where you have installed them. Some publisher access to your data may be revoked at
https://microsoft.com/consent
.
Children and family
. If you have kids who want to use the Xbox network, you can set up child and teen profiles for them once they have Microsoft accounts. Adult organizers in your Microsoft family group can change consent choices and online safety settings for child and teen profiles on
Xbox.com
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles, at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
For more information about Microsoft’s collection of data from children, including Xbox, please see the
Collection of data from children
section of this privacy statement.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips you upload, conversations you have, and things you post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how you use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data to keep your console functioning as expected while using a console connected to the Xbox network.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign you in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your console at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you that helps Kinect enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
Back to top
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Store is an online service, accessible via PC, the Xbox Console and the Xbox App, that allows you to browse, download, purchase, rate, and review applications and other digital content. It includes:
Apps and content for Windows devices such as phones, PCs, and tablets.
Games, subscriptions and other apps for Xbox consoles and other devices.
Products and apps for Microsoft 365, SharePoint, Exchange, Access, and Project (2013 versions or later).
We collect data about how you access and use Microsoft Store; the products you've viewed, purchased, or installed; the preferences you set for viewing apps in Microsoft Store; and any ratings, reviews, or problem reports you submit. Your Microsoft account is associated with your ratings and reviews; and if you write a review, the name and picture from your Microsoft account will be published with your review. Microsoft Store uses the region configured on your device to show relevant and eligible content and merchandising. Microsoft Store uses your device identifier to manage product rights tied to a specific device.
Permission for Microsoft Store apps
. Many apps you install from the Microsoft Store are designed to take advantage of specific hardware and software features of your device. An app's use of certain hardware and software features may give the app or its related service access to your data. For example, a photo editing app might access your device's camera to let you take a new photo or access photos or videos stored on your device for editing, and a restaurant guide might use your location to provide nearby recommendations. Information about the features that an app uses is provided on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store. Many of the features that Microsoft Store apps use can be turned on or off through your device’s privacy settings. In Windows, in many cases, you can choose which apps can use a particular feature. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
, select the feature (for example, Calendar), and then select which app permissions are on or off. The lists of apps in Windows privacy settings that can use hardware and software features will not include "Classic Windows" applications, and these applications are not affected by these settings.
App updates
. Unless you have turned off automatic app updates in the relevant Microsoft Store settings or have acquired an app provided and updated by the app developer, Microsoft Store will automatically check for, download, and install app updates to verify that you have the latest versions. Updated apps might use different Windows hardware and software features from the previous versions, which could give them access to different data on your device. You will be prompted for consent if an updated app accesses certain features, such as location. You can also review the hardware and software features an app uses by viewing its product description page in Microsoft Store.
Each app's use of your data collected through any of these features is subject to the app developer's privacy policies. If an app available through Microsoft Store collects and uses any of your personal data, the app developer is required to provide a privacy policy, and a link to the privacy policy is available on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store.
Sideloaded apps and developer mode
. Developer features such as the "developer mode" setting are intended for development use only. If you enable developer features, your device may become unreliable or unusable, and expose you to security risks. Downloading or otherwise acquiring apps from sources other than Microsoft Store, also known as "sideloading" apps, may make your device and personal data more vulnerable to attack or unexpected use by apps. Windows policies, notifications, permissions, and other features intended to help protect your privacy when apps access your data may not function as described in this statement for sideloaded apps or when developer features are enabled.
Back to top
Microsoft Start
Microsoft Start (formerly known as MSN or Microsoft News) is a content service that includes news, weather, sports, and finance. The Microsoft Start app is available on various platforms, including iOS and Android. The Microsoft Start service is also included within other Microsoft services, including the Microsoft Edge browser and widgets on Windows.
When you install the Microsoft Start, MSN Weather, or Microsoft News apps, we collect data that tells us if the app was installed properly, the installation date, the app version, and other data about your device such as the operating system and browser. This data is collected on a regular basis to help us determine the number of app users and identify performance issues associated with different app versions, operating systems, and browsers. When you use the weather app, we use your location to provide you with relevant weather content.
We also collect data about how you interact with Microsoft Start content, such as usage frequency and articles viewed, to provide you with relevant content. Microsoft Start provides an enhanced experience when you sign in with your Microsoft account, including allowing you to customize your interests and favorites. We use your location to provide you with relevant content such as local weather and news. You can manage personalization through Microsoft Start and Bing settings, as well as through settings in other Microsoft services that include Microsoft Start services. We also use the data we collect to provide you with advertisements that may be of interest to you. You can opt out of interest-based advertising through the advertising links within Microsoft Start services, or by visiting the Microsoft
opt-out page
.
Previous versions of MSN Money allow you to access personal finance information from third-party financial institutions. MSN Money only displays this information and does not store it on our servers. Your sign-in credentials used to access your financial information from third parties are encrypted on your device and are not sent to Microsoft. These financial institutions, as well as any other third-party services you access through MSN services, are subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
Back to top
Silverlight
Microsoft Silverlight helps you to access and enjoy rich content on the Web. Silverlight enables websites and services to store data on your device. Other Silverlight features involve connecting to Microsoft to obtain updates, or to Microsoft or third-party servers to play protected digital content.
Silverlight Configuration tool
. You can make choices about these features in the Silverlight Configuration tool. To access the Silverlight Configuration tool, right click on content that is currently being displayed by Silverlight and select
Silverlight
. You can also run the Silverlight Configuration tool directly. In Windows, for example, you can access the tool by searching for "Microsoft Silverlight."
Silverlight application storage
. Silverlight-based applications can store data files locally on your computer for a variety of purposes, including saving your custom settings, storing large files for graphically intensive features (such as games, maps, and images), and storing content that you create within certain applications. You can turn off or configure application storage in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Silverlight updates
. Silverlight will periodically check a Microsoft server for updates to provide you with the latest features and improvements. A small file containing information about the latest Silverlight version will be downloaded to your computer and compared to your currently installed version. If a newer version is available, it will be downloaded and installed on your computer. You can turn off or configure updates in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Digital Rights Management
. Silverlight uses Microsoft Digital Rights Management (DRM) technology to help protect the rights of content owners. If you access DRM-protected content (such as music or video) with Silverlight, it will request media usage rights from a rights server on the Internet. In order to provide a seamless playback experience, you will not be prompted before Silverlight sends the request to the rights server. When requesting media usage rights, Silverlight will provide the rights server with an ID for the DRM-protected content file and basic data about your device, including data about the DRM components on your device such as their revision and security levels, and a unique identifier for your device.
DRM updates
. In some cases, accessing DRM-protected content will require an update to Silverlight or to the DRM components on your device. When you attempt to play content that requires a DRM update, Silverlight will send a request to a Microsoft server containing basic data about your device, including information about the DRM components on your computer such as their revision and security levels, troubleshooting data, and a unique identifier for your device. The Microsoft server uses this identifier to return a unique DRM update for your device, which will then be installed by Silverlight. You can turn off or configure DRM component updates on the
Playback
tab in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Back to top
Windows Mixed Reality
Windows Mixed Reality allows you to enable a virtual reality experience that immerses you in apps and games. Mixed Reality uses a compatible headset’s camera, microphone, and infrared sensors to enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay and to navigate apps and games.
Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Mixed Reality running on Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve Mixed Reality and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
Mixed Reality also processes and collects data specifically related to the Mixed Reality experiences, such as:
Mixed Reality maps distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you. If you are connected to the Internet, we collect those numeric values to enable and improve your experience.
Mixed Reality detects specific hand gestures intended to perform simple system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your PC and is not stored.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands to control games, apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
Windows Mixed Reality can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Back To Top
Sub-policy 7
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 8
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.