Play Game
United Kingdom
Australia
Ireland
New Zealand
United States
South Africa
About
About
About Us
Blog
Careers
Careers
Store
Get a Quote
Ambassador
Webinars
Blog
Training
Help
Create Account
Sign In
PRIVACY
The Short Version
The Long Version
Data Processing Addendum
Data Protection Impact Assessment
Children's Code
How EdShed Protects Your Data
The Ultra-Short Version
We are fully compliant with GDPR, COPPA and FERPA. There is no obligation to enter real names but users, including schools, are responsible for any data that they enter.
Where GDPR applies, schools are the Data Controller and we are Data Processor. In this situation our
DATA PROCESSING ADDENDUM
applies.
Within our consumer Apps, parents must verify via email that they consent to their child having an account.
Note that Username and Display Name are visible publicly in some situations.
1. WHAT IS THIS?
This is a child-friendly summary of our data protection policies and practices. Click on
The Long Version
to read our full policy but the same headings are used below.
2. WHO WE ARE
We are EdShed, which is a company based in the UK and the USA. Customers who are physically in the USA are customers of Education Shed Inc and everyone else is a customer of the parent company, Education Shed Ltd.
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
The minimum information you must enter is a name (which does not have to be real), and for teachers or parents, an email address. Each user has a unique username and a generated display name, both of which may be viewable publicly, so please be careful to not put personal information in these.
We may also collect secondary data to improve our system or to help us to help you.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We only collect the information that we need for you to access your account, identify yourself or for teachers to manage your learning. For teachers and account administrators, we only collect the information we need for you to operate your account.
5. DATA ANONYMISATION AND USE OF AGGREGATED INFORMATION
If we use your usage data to look for trends, this will always be anonymised first so the outcomes will not relate to you.
6. OTHERS WHO MAY RECEIVE OR HAVE ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We work with a small number of suppliers to aid our operations. These are people like web hosting companies, financial processors and customer service tools.
We may be required to share some data for legal or financial oversight reasons, but this will only be the minimum necessary.
7. WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We store all data at a data centre in London.
8. HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR
You (or your teacher) can delete most data yourself. There is certain data we don't delete, like financial information. Otherwise, our system deletes your data 12-months after your account stops being active, or immediately if we are asked.
N.B. The reason we wait 12-months is that sometimes accounts are closed by mistake and we would have no way to restore data otherwise.
9. SECURITY AND LINKS TO OTHER SITES
We try our hardest to make our service as secure as possible. This is done in a number of ways and we have our system tested by an independent security company each year.
Good password security is important as this is the most likely way for someone to access your data. Do not share your password with anyone and, if you are a teacher, please do not give children all the same passwords.
10. COOKIES
Sadly, not the tasty chocolate-chip variety. This kind of cookie lets us keep track of who you are while you are using our website. This is just to let us understand how people use our websites and to help us support users.
11. OUR MARKETING
We do not market to children. We do not sell data. We do sometimes tell our users about other features, products and services within our own range. You can opt out of that marketing if you want to.
12. YOUR RIGHTS
In some places, privacy laws mean that you have some specific rights. We generally act as if everyone has those rights however.
Accessing your personal information
You may have the right to ask for a copy of the information that we hold about you by contacting us. We may not provide you with a copy of your personal information if this concerns other individuals or we have another lawful reason to withhold that information.
Correcting and updating your personal information
If you change your name or address/email address, or you discover that any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please update your details within your user account or let us know by contacting us.
Withdrawing your consent
In some situations, you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us or using the unsubscribe tool for marketing emails.
Objecting to our use of your personal information and automated decisions made about
            you
We don't actually do this, but if we did you would have a right to object to it.
Erasing your personal information or restricting its processing
In certain circumstances, you may have the right to ask for your personal information to be removed from our systems.
Transferring your personal information in a structured data file (“data
            portability”)
You may have the right to access a copy of the data we hold about you but there are some restrictions for legal reasons or for the protection of other people's data.
13. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
If we change this policy we will notify our users.
14. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We have some extra policy provisions for children under 13. See
The Long Version
for more.
The summary is that we only collect minimal data, we do not share that data and parents have a right, sometimes through a school, to have their child's data deleted.
15. CONTACT US
We can be contacted most easily by email at
support@edshed.com
.
If you would prefer to speak to us by phone, please call 0330 460 9636 from the UK or +1 888 254 3098 from the USA.
Hey there!
Bumble Bot is here to help