Features
Pricing
team@trackapp.io
Sign In
Activate Free
Privacy Policy
Effective date: Nov 12, 2017
Thank you for using Track! We take your privacy extremely seriously and would like to describe how we collect, use and protect your information when you access our website(s), products, services and applications (collectively, the “Services”).
What does this Privacy Policy cover?
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that we gather when you are accessing or using our Services, but not to the practices of companies we don’t own or control, or people that we don’t manage. We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained in more detail below, and we use this Personal Information internally in connection with our Services, including to personalize, provide, and improve our services, to allow you to set up a user account and profile, to contact you and allow other users to contact you, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to analyze how you use the Services. In certain cases, we may also share some Personal Information with third parties, but only as described below.
PARTICIPATION BY CHILDREN AND MINORS DUE TO FEDERAL LAW (CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECT ACT), YOU MUST BE AT LEAST 13 YEARS OLD TO USE OUR SITE AND SERVICES. IF YOU ARE BETWEEN 13 AND THE APPLICABLE AGE OF MAJORITY, PLEASE REVIEW THIS AGREEMENT WITH YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN. Due to federal law (as reflected in the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), YOU MUST BE AT LEAST 13 YEARS OLD TO USE OUR SITE AND SERVICES.  IF YOU ARE BETWEEN 13 AND THE APPLICABLE AGE OF MAJORITY, PLEASE REVIEW THIS AGREEMENT WITH YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at
team@trackapp.io
.
What Information does Track Collect?
Information You Provide to Us:
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. For example, through our website (including our log-in via the Gmail OAuth function) we may collect Personal Information such as your name and email address. If you provide your Gmail account credentials to us or otherwise sign in to the Services through a third party site or service, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts (“Third Party Account Information”) may be transmitted into your account with us, and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to our Services is covered by this Privacy Policy; for example, Track may securely access or store your name, your Gmail email address and certain account information that may be required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
Track does not store your Gmail conversations, and your Gmail contact list. We use Gmail and Contacts OAuth permissions to provide you the Services, specifically to enable email tracking functionality and add contacts for tracking.
We may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers, or email you about your use of the Services. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. This confirmation helps us make our communications with you more interesting and improve our services. If you do not want to receive communications from us, please indicate your preference by sending an email to
team@trackapp.io
.
Information Collected Automatically
Whenever you interact with our Services, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or device, which may include your IP address, device identification, “cookie” information, the type of browser and/or device you’re using to access our Services, and the page or feature you requested. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features in our Services are visited and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features. We may use this data to customize content for you that we think you might like, based on your usage patterns. We may also use it to improve the Services – for example, this data can tell us how often users use a particular feature of the Services, and we can use that knowledge to make the Services interesting to as many users as possible.
Information Collected From Other Websites and Do Not Track Policy
Through cookies we place on your browser or device, we may collect information about your online activity after you leave our Services. Just like any other usage information we collect, this information allows us to improve the Services and customize your online experience, and otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy. Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites. Our Services do not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we may collect information about your online activity both while you are using the Services and after you leave our Services. Do Not Track signals are set on a browser-by-browser basis, so you must set them on every browser you use if you do not wish to be tracked. Remember that this is just our Do Not Track policy, and we can’t and don’t make any promises about how third parties react when you set this signal on your browser.
Third Party Analytics Services.
We may use third party analytics services. Currently, we use the analytics services of Google Analytcs. Google Analytcs services allow us to learn how you use our services by giving us the ability to collect information based on your interaction with our services.
Will Track Share Any of the Personal Information it Receives?
We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information in personally identifiable form to anyone. However, we may share your Personal Information with third parties as described in this section:
Business Transfers:
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that deal. We will notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.
Protection of Track and Others:
We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we believe is necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our applicable terms of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Track, our employees, our users, or others.
Is Personal Information about me secure?
We will use very diligent efforts to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records, but unfortunately, we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your personal information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may attempt to notify you electronically as quickly as possible under the circumstances so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using Track or providing personal information to us, you consent to our use of email as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use another method to notify you in this situation, please email us at team@trackapp.io with the alternative contact information you wish to be used. In addition, we may post a notice on our website if a security breach occurs.
What Personal Information can I access?
We currently do not provide the functionality for your to access and edit your personal information. If you want to change the real name associated with your account you will have to do so on Gmail, since your account is created via the Gmail oAuth service. Your information may be accessible and editable via Gmail.
Infrastructure compliance
Track uses a HIPAA-compliant infrastructure. More specifically, we host our production systems at Google Cloud Platform, taking advantage of their world-class expertise in systems security and management. We encrypt all connections to and from our software, strictly segregate our production and development systems, and do not keep information for one moment beyond what is necessary. All these steps lead to a secure, compliant tool to manage your email.
California Code Notice.
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to
team@trackapp.io
.
What if I have questions about this policy?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please don’t hesitate to contact us at
team@trackapp.io
, and we will try to resolve your concerns.
Will Track ever change this Privacy Policy?
We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice on the trackapp.io, and/or by sending you an email, and/or by some other means. Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven’t provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes.