Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
(Updated : January 12, 2021)
WE BELIEVE IN USER PRIVACY. WE CONTEMPLATE, OUR USERS NEEDED TO BE CLEAR ABOUT THEIR PRIVACY.
Privacy overview:
‘SlideShow Maker with Music Fx’,
helps you to create SlideShow from your moments (Photos/Selfies).
The developer respects your privacy.
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) explains our privacy practices for the Service. It describes the ways your personal information and data are collected and used through our designated mobile application. It also describes the rights and options available to you with respect to your information.
It is your decision to provide us with your personal information. You are not legally obligated to provide us with this information, but we need it to provide you and your caregiver with the Appʼs functionality.
This policy is combined into our
User Agreement
(the “Terms”) and is a part of them.
The following key points of the Privacy Policy are only brought for your convenience. They are not a substitute for the full Policy.
1. Information we collect.
We use the information we collect to provide you a better service. We also use it to improve and customize the features and develop new features.
2. Automatically collected information:
we may collect some information automatically. i.e. analytical data.
3. Third party sites and services:
Third party services may collect some information.
4. Use of personal information.
We will use information to make our service available, improve our service and more important to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches
5. Security.
We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage and unauthorized access or use of information, but these measures, just like any security measure, cannot provide absolute information security.
6. Children's privacy.
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children.
7. Aggregated information.
We may use the information we collect from you to create statistical or aggregated information.
8. Changes to the Policy.
We may change this Policy at the time we update the app.
Details:
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information you actively provide us
Feedback and correspondence
. You may share information with us when you respond to surveys, request customer support or otherwise interact with us.
Note:  We will never ask you to send us or submit to the Service any information related to racial or ethnic origin; political opinions or union membership; religious or other beliefs; your health, biometric or genetic information; information about your sexual preference or sexual orientation.
USE CAUTION AND COMMON SENSE WHEN YOU SHARE CONTENT CONTAINING OR DEPICTING PERSONAL INFORMATION OF YOURSELF OR OTHER INDIVIDUALS. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CONTENT THAT YOU SHARE.
AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION
Device Information.
We may collect information about your mobile device, including its model, operating system type and version, unique identifiers, language, and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you accessed the Service.
Analytical data.
We use third-party analytics tools, such as Firebase By Google for A/B testing. Crashlytics for capture crash reports and retention tracking. For example, we may record the frequency and scope of your use of the Service, the duration of your sessions, the interactions you make with the Service interface, etc. When you use our App, analytics tools automatically record certain log file information, including time and date when you start and stop using the App, and how you interact with the App.
Information about the applications.
Name, API key (identifier for application), version, properties of our App can be reported for automated processing and analyses. Some services also record the list of applications and/or processes which are installed or run on your device.
In-app events.
When you use our App, analytics tools automatically record your activity information.
Information provided automatically to analytics or advertising tools does not generally come to our control, therefore we cannot be responsible for processing such information. Please mind that some services are engaged in personal data profiling and may obtain information related to your personality and/or your device by using technologies that do not belong to our scope of responsibility. We do not control, supervise or stand surety for how the third parties process your personal data, that might be collected by their own means. Any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information should be directed to such third parties.
Third Party Sites and Services
Please note that while we partner solely with third parties that gave us assurance of application of necessary technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted from the App directly to such third party. We are not responsible for any accidental loss or unauthorized access to your personal data through a fault of third parties. We will not rent or sell your personal data to any third parties. We do not control or influence these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information allows third-party ad networks, to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. We may engage the following third-party service providers in order to provide us with necessary infrastructure for delivery and improvement of our services:
Firebase
A
In case you want to learn more about the services and privacy options please consult the correspondent websites and privacy policies. We are not responsible for any usage of your personal data by the above mentioned third parties in violation of our instructions. Our App may contain links to third-party websites/services or you may access the App from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our App, including the information or content contained within them.
Advertising
If you use an ad-supported version of the Service, advertising companies use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about how you use it, and to serve you ads tailored to your interests in the Service and elsewhere. In this app, Google AdMob is used for advertisement purpose.
To improve the performance of AdMob, the Google Mobile Ads SDK may collect certain information from apps, including:
IP address, which may be used to estimate the general location of a device.
Non-user related crash logs, which may be used to diagnose problems and improve the SDK. Diagnostic information may also be used for advertising and analytics purposes.
User-associated performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage, which may be used to evaluate user behavior, understand the effectiveness of existing product features, and plan new features. Performance data may also be used for displaying ads, including sharing with other entities that display ads.
A Device ID such as the device's advertising identifier or other app-bounded device identifiers, which may be used for the purpose of third-party advertising and analytics.
Advertising data, such as advertisements the user has seen, may be used to power analytics and advertising features.
Other user product interactions like app launch taps, and interaction information, like video views, may be used to improve advertising performance.
For AdMob data disclosure policy visit
https://developers.google.com/admob/ios/data-disclosure
How We Use Information
We will only use collected data  in ways that are compatible with the purposes listed below for which it was collected.
To make our service available.
We use information that you submit and information that is processed automatically to provide you with all requested services.We may also communicate with you in response to your support requests, questions or feedback.
To improve, test and monitor the effectiveness of our App.
We use information that is processed automatically to better understand user behavior and trends, detect potential outages and technical issues, to operate, protect, Improving and customizing the application and developing new features.
If any new purposes for processing your personal data arise we will let you know we start to process information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
MINORʼS PRIVACY
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective when posted (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting).
If you object to an update of this Privacy Policy, you must notify us and ask to deactivate your account and delete your personal information prior to the effective date of the update. Continued use of the Service after an update to this Privacy Policy will indicate your acceptance of the update.
HOW TO REQUEST DATA DELETION:
If you want to request to delete any data, you may do so by emailing
support@debotoshdey.com
CONTACT US
You may contact us with any questions or comments, at:
support@debotoshdey.com
Page updated
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it