Privacy Policy
SourceBMX is committed to respecting your privacy. In general, you can visit SourceBMX without revealing any information about yourself. We do collect information regarding visitors to our Web site. Some information is required in order to process orders, for example; We analyse this data for trends and statistics to help us provide you with a better service. See below for our full Privacy Policy.
SOURCEBMX PRIVACY POLICY KEY POINTS
Registered Company
Source BMX, Maunsell Road, St Leonards, TN38 9NN, T: +44 (0)1424 460943
Personal Information
SourceBMX collects personal information only to offer services requested by you such as order fulfilment or email newsletters. We
never
pass on details to 3
rd
Party advertisers.
What do we use the personal information for?
We use your personal information like address and email address predominately to deliver your order and tracking details.
How long do we keep the information for
We keep the information until the customer requests we delete it. Card Details are securely stored and purged after 365 days as required by Law. We as the Source and our employees
Cannot
access your card information at any time.
How do I give consent to use my data
When you place an order we use that data (such as address) as consent to collecting for use only for that reason only (e.g delivering your order)
How do you withdraw consent?
You can withdraw consent anytime by clicking the unsubscribe link in our emails or visiting your account page and updating your subscription preferences
Contact us about the info we hold.
To contact us about the data we hold about you, you can either contact us on email or call: +44 (0)1424 460943.
WHO WE ARE
SourceBMX is the trading name of The Source (Hastings) Ltd, a limited company registered in The United Kingdom with company number 15065110. Our registered office is:
SourceBMX
Maunsell Road
St Leonards-On-Sea
TN38 9NN
United Kingdom
If you have any questions about how we look after your personal data, you can contact us:
In writing, at the address above. Please mark your letter for the attention of the
Data Protection Officer
By email to this address: info@sourcebmx.com
By telephone on +44 (0)1424 460943
PRIVACY POLICY INFORMATION
SECTION 1 - PERSONAL INFORMATION
‘Personal information’ refers to any information which can identify an individual – either directly or indirectly. It can refer, amongst other things, to a customer ID, or to one or more specific identifying pieces of information, such as a name, email address or postal address.
What Personal Information do you collect about me?
When you browse our website or carry out actions such as the following:
Create a customer account
Place an order
Sign up to our mailing list or subscribe to any other services that we offer
Enter any competition, promotion or prize draw
Correspond with us, whether by phone, email or live chat
Then, we may collect your personal information, including:
Name
Date of birth
Gender
Address
Email address
Phone or mobile number
Encrypted password and payment information
Customer Service correspondence records
Technical information about how you access and use our websites, including your IP address, browser type, referring URL and operating system.
Cookies - for more information see below.
What is done with this information?
We use your information for the following:
To process your orders.
We use relevant personal information described above (including your name, address and payment details) to process and deliver your order, add payments or refunds and to notify you of the status of your order.
To provide Customer Support.
If you contact our Customer Service (or vice versa), we will use your identification information to identify you and other personal information such as your order information and contact history to process your request and provide you with the best service possible. We'll use your personal information to keep a record of when and why you contact us and to keep your contact details up-to-date.
To improve our website and services
. We use your personal information to help analyse and understand how you use our products and services, to develop more interesting and relevant products and services, to improve our website, as well as to personalise the products and services we offer you.
Fraud Prevention.
To prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our sites.
Marketing.
If you consent
, we will use your information to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you. We will send direct marketing communications to you via the channel you choose, such as email, phone, or social media. We ask for your consent, where required by applicable law, in order to use the contact details you have provided to us to send personalised marketing or retargeting communications. Please see below for more information on third parties and cookies used to provide these services.
How long will you keep my information?
Customer and order information will be kept securely on our system until you ask us to remove it.
Note:
Purchase information retention is subject to regulatory mandates we must adhere to e.g. data retention requirements for tax reporting purchases.
Encrypted Credit Card information will be purged every 365 days.
Mailing List Subscriptions will remain active until you opt out from specific lists.
Cookies - please refer to the section below for more information on cookies and cookie duration.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for marketing purposes, e.g. to offer you special discounts, we will request your permission explicitly, if not already granted.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, if you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent to marketing communications. Marketing will be terminated and any data specifically used for marketing purposes alone will be deleted.
Financial transaction data will be maintained as required by law.
You may opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link on our newsletter emails, Updating your email preferences in “My Account”
here
or mailing us at: SourceBMX, Maunsell Road, St Leonards Road, TN34 3TF.
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if required to fulfil our obligations under our agreement with you. E.g. provide your address to the courier to have your purchases delivered.
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. E.g. Couriers to deliver your purchases.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider other legal obligations may be placed upon them by the laws of their jurisdiction.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow all PCI-DSS Level 1 requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 7 - COOKIES
A Cookie is a small file that resides on your computer’s hard drive and often contains an anonymous unique identifier and is accessible only by the web site that placed it there, not any other sites. Cookies are not computer programs, and can't read other information saved on your hard drive. They cannot be used to disseminate viruses, or get a user's email address etc. They only contain and transfer to the website as much information as the users themselves have disclosed to that website.
Most On-Line retailers use cookies. SourceBMX uses Cookies to let us know you are a prior customer and thus you will not need to re-enter certain information every time you shop at the site. We do not use cookies to store credit card numbers, address information or any other personal information.
You may delete Cookies, however you may lose any information that enables you to access the Web Site more quickly or enjoy a custom experience. You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your web browser.  By default, your browser will accept Cookies, however this can be altered. For further details please consult the help menu in your browser.  Disabling Cookies may prevent you from using the full range of Services available on the Web Site.
SECTION 8 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
In compliance with The EU GDPR Directive 25th May 2018, if you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information, contact our Privacy Compliance Officer by email or post at the address given in the ‘Who We Are’ section above.
KLARNA PAYMENTS
In order to be able to offer you Klarna’s payment options, we will pass to Klarna certain of your personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you.
General information on Klarna you can find
here
. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in
Klarna’s privacy policy
.