Sensorworks
Home
X-Plane Plugin
Change Log
Terms of Use
Privacy policy
CONTACT US
last updated: 16/11/2023
This page is used to inform you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information. If you choose to use this app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the app. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Your privacy is critically important to us. Sensorworks will not ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. We do not share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights. We do not store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of any of our services. It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites, apps or services.
From time-to-time, we may use your personal information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that we think may be of interest to you.
For a better experience, while using this app, we may request you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. The app does use some third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Location Data
The app uses your location to perform core functionality. Location data is used for this purpose only and is not stored, or shared with any third-parties.
Log Data
In a case of an error in the app, we may collect data and information through third-party products) about your device. This data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of your device when using the app, the time and date of your use of the app, and other statistics.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to other sites
This app may contain links to other third-party sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
This app does not specifically address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
USAGE, OR CONTINUED USAGE OF THIS APP CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
If you have any questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, then please contact us at apps@sensorworks.co.uk