This document describes the policy of Prointegra OOD, and its controlled affiliates (“we” or the “Vendor”), regarding Personal Information and Equipment Data.
Summary
We collect contact information, transaction information, and financial account information (collectively, Personal Information) from you when you purchase products or services, register at our website(s) or otherwise interact with us. We may obtain Personal Information from third parties (e.g. Trade Registry Agencies, etc.) to enhance our files or as needed to complete transactions.
We may collect information using Cookies and Other Data Collection Technologies. This information is treated as Personal Information, if it identifies or makes identifiable a natural person.
We do not share Personal Information with other companies for their own use. We may, however, disclose Personal Information where required by law.
We have a formal information security program to protect Personal Information and Equipment Data.
You can limit the information you provide to us. Additionally, you can limit the communications that we send to you by contacting us using at the contact information below, or by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of our marketing messages:
Prointegra OOD
UIC: 175443523
9009 Varna, Bulgaria
2, Todor Penev Str.
Tel.:
+359 896 959628
info@meteobot.com
General
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and disclose Personal Information and Equipment Data. This Privacy Policy also answers specific questions that you may have regarding the privacy and security of collected information and data.
We may also have additional privacy policies as needed to comply with local laws. Our products and services may be distributed through a network of distributors, independently owned and operated businesses, which may have their own privacy policies.
Types of Information & Data We Collect
Personal Information
is information that can be used to identify, locate or contact you. It also includes other information about you that we tie to Personal Information. We collect the following types of Personal Information:
Contact Information
that allows us to identify and to communicate with you, such as your name, phone number, username, mailing address, email address, IP address, and language preference.
Business Information
that helps us understand who you are and what you want in order to offer you products and services that may interest you, such as property, farm or business information, your general location, and other demographic information.
Transaction Information
about how you interact with us, our distributors and business partners, including purchases, equipment IDs, inquiries, and customer accounts that helps us improve our services to you, and offer you discounts and promotions.
Financial Account Information
as needed to complete your purchase, such as company data, VAT ID, legal representative, etc.
User Account Information
, which you enter in the software in order to use it, such as email, equipment location, fields data, settings, etc.
Mobile Device Information
– in order to be able to use the software on mobile devices such as smartphones or tablets, depending upon device and operation system specifics, you may need to provide access to:
Approximate location (network-based);
Precise location (GPS and network-based);
Camera – pictures and videos;
View network connections;
Control flashlight;
Full network access.
You have access to Personal Information that is stored in the software about you. We take reasonable steps to permit you to correct, amend, or delete information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete. You have the right to overwrite your information or to upload new files by yourself. Your email address is collected for communication purposes and to identify your user account in the software. A password is used to enable a secure log in procedure.
Equipment Data
is data generated by the use of or collected by the equipment you purchased from us, and stored on our servers. Equipment Data includes:
Precipitation quantity;
Soil temperature;
Soil moisture;
Wind speed;
Air temperature;
Relative air humidity;
Atmospheric pressure;
Wind direction;
Leaf wetness;
Date and time;
Battery voltage;
Solar panel voltage.
In order to gain maximum utility from the equipment and software, you may share Equipment Data pertaining to the territorial coverage of your equipment within a common agriculture weather network according to the terms and conditions set out in the Terms of Use. In this case, you may get access to data from neighbouring equipment, notifications about disease risks, etc. When you purchase our subscription with data sharing, you explicitly agree that the Equipment Data, and any and all database compiled of them, become exclusive ownership of the Vendor according to the terms and conditions set out in the Terms of Use.
We may process and/or save data from external systems (such as Google Maps, weather forecast providers, plant growth and disease model providers, etc.) or connect information in order to provide the services requested by you.
How We Collect Information & Data
Directly from You
– we collect Personal Information directly from you. We will ask you for Personal Information (e.g. Contact Information and Business Information) when you interact with us, such as when you register on our websites, sign up to receive a newsletter, or make a purchase. We may collect additional Business Information from third party data suppliers who enhance our files and help us better understand our customers, or from social media sites such as Facebook, if you “Like” our pages or join our communities. We also collect Personal Information when you use our mobile applications or contact us, such as for customer service purposes.
From Our Controlled Affiliates, Distributors and Other Business Partners
– when you purchase or lease a product or service, we collect Personal Information (e.g. Transaction Information and Financial Account Information) from our distributors and financial affiliates. We may also collect Personal Information from third parties (such as Trade Registry Agency) in order to complete your purchase.
From Our Website
– if you interact with us online, we use cookies and other technological tools to collect information about your computer and your use of our website and applications. We treat this information as Personal Information when it is associated with your Contact Information. For more information about cookies and other technologies, please see the section Cookies and Similar Collection Technologies below.
From your mobile device(s)
– we may receive location data from your smartphone or other geo-aware device. We treat this information as Personal Information, if it identifies or makes identifiable a natural person.
From Your Equipment
– we collect Equipment Data from your equipment via wireless data transfer technologies. This is not Personal Information.
Your Consent
By purchasing our products оr services and/or using our websites, you are explicitly consenting to us to collect, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in this way, please do not purchase our products, nor use our service and/ or the website or otherwise provide us with your personal information.
We will only collect, use or disclose your personal information where you agree and it is lawful to do so. We may ask you to provide additional consent, if we need to use your personal information for purposes not covered by this Privacy Policy. You are not obliged to provide such consent but, if you decide not to, then your participation in certain activities may be restricted. If you provide additional consent, the terms of that consent shall prevail in the event of any conflict with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Please note, however, that we may process your personal information without consent, if we have a legitimate reason to do so, provided that such use will not have a prejudicial effect on your own rights, freedoms and interests. Any such use shall be in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
You may withdraw your consent for us to use your personal data at any time by emailing us or contacting us at the address above. Withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing that took place prior to that withdrawal.
How We Use Information & Data (the “Purposes”)
We use Personal Information and Equipment Data for a variety of purposes, namely:
Customer Service
: the Vendor is entitled to access the non-anonymised customer data set to provide the contractually defined service, to fulfil orders for products or services, and for other services related to your order, such as product delivery, maintenance, warranty service, leasing, etc.;
Technical
Support
: to provide support, including monitoring and managing the availability of the products you purchased, to deliver upgrades and product improvement program communications, and for diagnostics and repairs, product safety and recalls;
Marketing
: to provide you with communications and offers for products and services from us or our distributors and partners, including offers based on your interests, personal and business characteristics and location;
Surveys & Promotional Events
: to administer surveys, polls, sweepstakes, contests, loyalty programs and other promotional events;
Eligibility:
to determine if you are eligible for certain products, services or offers;
Communications
: to provide you with information that may be of interest, such as product news, company magazines, catalogues, announcements, reminders, and technical service bulletins; and
Manage Our Everyday Business Needs
: such as payment processing and financial account management, product development, product safety, contract management, website administration, web-forum management, order or contract fulfilment, analytics, fraud prevention, corporate governance, reporting and legal compliance.
Why Information & Data are Disclosed by Us
We limit our sharing of Personal Information and Equipment Data as follows:
We may disclose Personal Information to outside parties when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) protect the safety of any person from death or serious bodily injury; (b) prevent fraud or abuse against us or our users; (c) defend us and our affiliates or personnel from any legal proceedings arising out of customer data; (d) other cases provided for in the applicable legislation.
We may disclose Personal Information to our business partners and/or services providers which work on our behalf and do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them as needed to support external auditing, compliance and corporate governance functions. We will require from such third parties to use the data for the purposes for which it was disclosed and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and applicable legislation. You may disagree to such disclosure but we may not be able to fully deliver our services to you.
We will also disclose Personal Information when required to do so by law, such as in response to a subpoena, including to law enforcement agencies and courts in the countries where we operate.
We may disclose Equipment Data to third parties in order to provide the services, requested by you, such as data from neighbouring equipment, notifications about disease risks, etc.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified and/or there will be a notice on our website of any change in ownership or use of Personal Information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
Please note that we may also disclose information and data that is not personally identifiable. For example, we may publish reports that contain aggregated and statistical data about our customers and equipment. These reports do not contain information that would enable the recipient to contact, locate or identify you.
Cookies and Similar Collection Technologies
When you visit our website, or use our mobile applications, we collect certain information by automated means, using technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, browser analysis tools, server logs and web beacons.
For example, when you visit our website, we place cookies on your computer. Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. Cookies allow us to recognize you when you return. They also help us provide a customized experience and enable us to detect certain kinds of fraud.
Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on website pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages, or open or click an email, the pixel tags and web beacons generate a notice of that action. These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve our web pages and promotions.
We collect many different types of information from cookies and other technologies. For example, we may collect information about the device you use to access our website, your operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located. Our server logs also may record the IP address or derivative of the device you use to connect to the Internet. An IP address is a unique identifier that devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. We may also collect information about the website you were visiting before you came to ours and the website you visit after you leave our site.
In many cases, the information we collect using cookies and other tools is only used in a non-identifiable way, without reference to Personal Information. For example, we use information we collect about website users to optimize our websites and to understand website traffic patterns.
In some cases, we do associate the information we collect using cookies and other technology with your Personal Information. Additionally, if the settings on your geo-aware mobile devices permit our mobile applications to collect location information, we will collect that information automatically. This Privacy Policy governs how we use all of this information when we associate it with your Personal Information.
The Vendor has relationships with third party advertising companies to perform tracking and reporting functions for our web processing. These third-party advertising companies may place cookies on your computer so that they can display targeted advertisements to you. These third-party advertising companies should not collect Personal Information in this process, and we do not give Personal Information to them as part of this process.
Tell-A-Friend Functions
We offer “tell-a-friend” functionality on our websites. If you choose to use this function, we will automatically send your friend a one-time email with the information you specified and invite him or her to visit the website. We use this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and do not retain the information.
Your Choices
You can limit the information you provide to us. You can also limit the communications that we send to you. To opt-out of marketing messages, you can visit our website and communicate your choice to the relevant privacy contact. Alternatively, you may opt-out of receiving future marketing messages by clicking “unsubscribe” at the bottom of marketing messages we send you.
Please note that even if you opt-out of receiving marketing material, we may still need to contact you with important Transactional Information about your account or your equipment. For example, even if you opt-out of marketing messages, we will still send you a confirmation when you purchase something from our website as well as product safety communications.
You can manage cookie preferences and opt-out of having cookies and other similar collection technologies used by adjusting the settings on your browser or interface. All browsers and interfaces are different, so visit the “help” section of your browser or interface to learn about cookie preferences and other privacy settings that may be available.
You can manage how your mobile device and mobile browser share location information with us, as well as how your mobile browser handles cookies and related technologies by adjusting your mobile device privacy and security settings. Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings.
You can also opt-out of sharing Equipment Data. To do this, you need to purchase a subscription without data sharing. In this case we will set up for you a dedicated access for your Equipment Data.
If you have any questions about your choices or if you need any assistance with opting-out, please contact our Customer Service. You can also write us at the address above. If you send us a letter, please provide your name, address, email address, and information about the communications that you do not want to receive.
Access and Correction
The Vendor complies with applicable law regarding your ability to access, correct and delete your Personal Information for free. If you have an online or mobile app account, you are able at any time to log into your account to access and update certain information you provided to us.  If you need assistance updating or deleting your Personal Information, please contact us at the address above. If you send us a letter, please provide your name, address, email address, and detailed information about the change you would like to make.
Information & Data Security
The Vendor has implemented an information and data security program that contains administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard Personal Information and Equipment Data. For example, we use industry-standard encryption technology to secure your account passwords and other sensitive Personal Information.
Data storage and retention policy
Your data are stored on our servers (Servers) co-located in enterprise-level data centres in Bulgaria, for which privacy policies, non-disclosure and contractual agreements apply. Unless and until you request removal of our access to and use of Personal Information we will store the data, provided such data storage is in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the jurisdictions where data is stored. We will not retain Personal Information for longer than necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected, or for which it is further processed. If particular retention periods are defined in the Terms of Use for using our equipment, software or services or in the contract with you, we will delete the data stored upon expiration of the retention periods provided such data storage is in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the jurisdictions where data is stored. You acknowledge and agree that data, once deleted from the Server(s), cannot be retrieved or re-created.
Transfer of Information & Data to Other Countries
Prointegra is headquartered in Bulgaria and its affiliates, distributors and partners are located in various countries throughout the world. Personal Information and Equipment Data may be accessed by or transferred to Bulgaria or to our data processors (such as affiliates, distributors, partners, etc.) elsewhere in the world for the Purposes described in this Privacy Policy. When we access or transfer Personal Information and Equipment Data, we will do so subject to your prior explicit consent and in compliance with the applicable law. Additionally, we protect the privacy and security of Personal Information and Equipment Data, regardless of where it is processed or stored.
Privacy Policies of Third Parties
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information and data by the Vendor. Other websites and applications that may be accessible through ours have their own privacy policies and practices. Our independent distributors, suppliers and business partners have their own privacy policies and practices too. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy policies provided by all third parties prior to providing them with information or taking advantage of an offer or promotion.
Children’s Privacy
The Vendor’s website and applications are not intended to collect Personal Information from children. If you believe your child is using our website, please contact us at the address above so we can investigate and delete any inappropriate information.
Forums, Product Reviews and Other Public Areas
Our website or social network pages may contain forums and other areas where you can publicly post product reviews, communicate with others, and submit media content. Prior to posting in these areas, please read the applicable “Terms of Use” carefully. You have no privacy rights in public postings. All information you post will be accessible to anyone with Internet access, and any Personal Information you include in your posting may be read, collected, and used by others. For example, if you post your email address along with a product review, you may receive unsolicited messages. Please use caution when posting any Personal Information.
Job Applicants
If you have applied for employment with the us, the Personal Information submitted with your job application will be used for recruitment and other internal human resources purposes only.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy to reflect new or different privacy practices. We will place a notice on our homepage when we make material changes to this Privacy Policy. Additionally, if the changes will materially affect the way we use or disclose previously collected Personal Information, we may also notify you about the change by sending a notice to you.
Conclusion
By entering your personal data into our software and website and checking the „I agree to the Vendor’s Privacy Policy” checkbox, you accept that we are collecting, processing and, in limited cases described above, disclosing your Personal Information and Equipment Data in the manner described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
Effective Date: 1 July 2017
Last Updated: 1 July 2017