Privacy Policy
To maximize the value of our services, we may request information from you when you visit our Web site. If we change any of our privacy policies or practices, we will post those changes to this policy.
Vezium.com
does not share your personally identifiable information with outside companies for their promotional use.
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how vezium collects, uses and safeguards the personal information you provide to us on our site.
1.
Information we receive
When you sign up for vezium.com, you provide us with your email address. We may also decide to communicate with you regarding your use of vezium, including through email, our apps, or our Support team. We may collect information on the actions you take on the vezium website, such as the pages you visit, the device you use, your geographic location and IP.
Cookie Information. We use '93cookies'94 (small pieces of data we store for an extended period of time on your computer, mobile phone, or other device) to make vezium easier to use and to protect both you and vezium. For example, we use cookies to store your login ID (but never your password) to make it easier for you to login whenever you come back to vezium.com. You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser, but in some cases that may impact your experience using vezium.
2.
Information you share with third parties
You may decide to use your vezium account to connect with certain applications or websites, including Twitter or Facebook. You should always review the policies of third party applications and websites to make sure you are comfortable with the ways in which they use information you share with them. When you click on links on vezium.com you may leave our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites, and we encourage you to read their privacy statements.
3.
How you can change or remove information
You may change or remove your profile information at any time by logging in to your
vezium user dashboard. Information will be updated immediately. If you want to stop using your account you may delete it. When you delete an account, it is permanently
deleted from vezium.com.
4.
How to protect your information
We keep your account information on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information (such as passwords), we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
5.
vezium applications allow third parties, such as Google, to service content such as advertisements in our mobile applications. Accordingly, it is also important for you to understand,
Google'92s privacy policy
.
6.
Mobile applications created by vezium use
YouTube API Services
.
7.
You can choose to revoke user access to your data any time from your
Google security settings page
.
8.
You have the right to ask us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason for us to continue processing it by contacting our privacy team on
privacy@vezium.com
. Please note, however, that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions or to comply with our legal obligations.
}
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms