Български
Privacy Policy
PLASTIC Sofia OOD operates the
https://top-pop-games.com
website, the Play Belot android app and the Game Belot iOS app. For the purpose of this document the functionality of the website and the apps  in its entirety in called SERVICE.
This page is used to inform website visitors and app users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our SERVICE.
If you choose to use our SERVICE, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used only for providing and improving the SERVICE. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our SERVICE, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to phone number, email address, facebook account. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our SERVICE, we collect information that your browser or mobile device sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our SERVICE that you visit, actions that you take within our SERVICE, the time and date of your actions, and other statistics. We also log all user to user communication for the purpose of providing the SERVICE and ensuring compliance with the Terms and Conditions.
Cookies & Local Storage
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used as anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to identify your session with the SERVICE and store some of your settings. By using the website you agree to accept these cookies.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to the website or other websites.
The same applies to browser Local Storage.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
- To facilitate our SERVICE;
- To provide the SERVICE on our behalf;
- To perform SERVICE-related services; or
- To assist us in analyzing how our SERVICE is used.
We want to inform our SERVICE users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites and apps. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site or app. Note that these external sites or apps are not operated by us and are not part of the SERVICE. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review their Privacy Policy. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or apps.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Deletion of data
If want us to remove all you personal data from our database please request it by sending an email to: office@playbelot.com. This action will result in removal of your account in the game.