Home
About App
Contact
Privacy policy
About the handling of personal information
In order to manage online ranking and playing situation, we may send your personal information (score, drawing data etc.) to the server.
Privacy policy
1. We will use personal information appropriately
Collecting and using personal information contrary to the intention of the individual will infringe on the right and lose the trust as a business. For that reason, we will clarify the rules for
    collecting personal information, usage, etc. and handling it appropriately. Also, except for legal requests, we do not disclose / provide information to third parties without your consent.
2. We will strictly manage personal information
In order to prevent the loss, destruction, tampering, leakage, etc. of personal information, information security measures such as unauthorized access countermeasure, virus countermeasure etc are
    carried out and managed appropriately. Also, we will promptly discard unnecessary personal information.
3. We will comply with laws and other norms
Regarding the handling of personal information, we will comply with laws and other norms concerning personal information including the Personal Information Protection Law.
4. We will continuously improve personal information protection policy
Regarding the personal information protection policy stipulated here, we regularly review it and make continuous improvements. Also, if you have any questions or disadvantages regarding our
    company's personal information protection policy and its management, please contact the following inquiry window. We will consider and properly improve.
5. About face data.
Face data is analyzed by an in-device AI deep learning model and the results are displayed. Therefore, the results and analysis data are not stored on devices, servers, etc. The app does not
    store, use, disclose, share, or retain facial data. However, it may save to the device after asking the user whether to save to the collection while using the app.
Contests are provided by MonopoleApps and Apple is not engaged or sponsored.
Contact Us
E-mail: support@monopoleapps.com
Copyright © 2015
    MonopoleApps All Rights Reserved.
Close