LENGO
Discover
Connect
About
Download
Privacy
‍This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security (or personal data, as is described in Regulation 679/2016 issued by the European Parliament and Council), is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
1. About Us
LENGO is a language learning software developed by Individuals, EU based citizens.(collectively referred to as "Lengo", "we", "us" or "our" in this Privacy Policy)
2. Data security
To prevent any data loss, Lengo works with constantly updated firewalls meeting the industry standard as well as other security systems. At the same time, the user should be aware of the fact that one hundred per cent protection against attacks cannot be guaranteed because of the continual appearance of new viruses and other means of attacking the protected data systems of Internet services. Lengo will instigate civil and criminal proceedings against any attack by hackers and the like and will inform the users of any cases in which their data have been compromised.
2.1 Collection of Personal Data
When ordering, registering on our site or using our products, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, foreign language skills or other details that will improve your personalized experience.    We also collect log data, device information, third-party data, cookie information and IP addresses that help us understand which country you are connecting from. This in turn helps us provide you with more personalized content better suited to your needs as our user.    Other data provided voluntarily are also generally accessible for other users of Lengo: selected language combinations, name, profile photo and any other voluntary details that you can save in your profile.
2.1.1 Usage Information:
We collect information about how you use our services, such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use, the actions you take, the other users you interact with and the time, frequency and duration of your activities.
2.1.2 Collection point
We collect information from you when you interact or register with our website or apps.
2.1.3 Collection Purpose
We collect the information for the purpose of complying with our terms of service and bringing you the best possible experience when using our products. For example, we need such information for your account ranking, connecting with other users through Facebook, adjusting the difficulty level of the app for the user, etc. Also, it is possible that we could use your information for direct marketing purposes.
2.1.4 Reasoning of collection
We collect the information based on article 6 paragraph 1 letter b) of GDPR.
2.1.5 Access to information
Of course you can. A simple request from you will oblige us to give you full access to the personal information that we have stored about you.
2.1.6 Accuracy and updating of the information
We will use our best efforts given the technological advancement and resources available to us to make sure that the information is accurate at all times. If such information changes beyond our ability to notice such change, we shall update it at your request.
2.2 Further rights
Under the applicable provisions, you have the right to ask the restriction of the processing or deletion of your personal data, and to oppose the processing of your data under the conditions set forth by article 21 of the GDPR, especially if the processing is carried out for direct marketing purposes. Also, you have the right to data portability. You will also have the right to file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
2.3 Time-span of using information
We shall be storing your information for the entire duration of your use of our products and apps. Also, under the applicable provisions, we might store and use your information beyond the duration mentioned above, under the condition that you don’t exercise your rights of deletion of such data.
2.4 Information usage
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:    To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested;    To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
The user agrees to the publication of its username, its profile information including but not limited to language combinations, score, online status and date of registration as well as additional information voluntarily provided, including the profile image. The email address will not be published.
2.5 Information Protection
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.    We use regular Malware Scanning.    Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.    We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.    All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
3.1 Third-party disclosure
It is our intention to transfer certain information to third parties in order to better help your experiences with our product. However, we shall at all times be in full compliance with provisions 45-49 of the GDPR. At the moment, the only third parties that receive information from us are based in the countries for which the European Commission has already issued decisions stating that those countries ensure an adequate level of protection.
3.2 Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
4. third-party behavioral tracking
It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking.
5. COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.    We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
6. FURTHER INFORMATION
For further information please
terms
or contact contact@lengo.io
‍
Integrity
We believe that honesty and integrity are rewarded over the long run.
Passion
Our collaborators and we have a great passion for what we do.
Customer Focus
The customer is at the center of all we do.
Start learning now.
Together with LENGO you can master any language. Get our app now and get started right away.
Lose yourself in numerous categories.
Download
Become a creator.
We offer various ways you can become a part of LENGO. Find out how you can collaborate with us to improve how people learn languages around the world.
Learn More