Security and Password Management Guidelines
Do keep your Password confidential and do not divulge it to anyone
Do memorize your Password
Do not use the browser option to store or retain user-id and Password
Do change your Password regularly and immediately if you suspect any fraud
Do install anti-virus, anti-spyware and firewall software in your computer
									and ensure it is updated regularly
Do log off properly when online banking is not in use
Do clear the cache after logging off the session (use Tools/Internet Options)
Do check your bank account balance and transactions frequently and report
									any discrepancy
Do consider the use of encryption technology to protect highly sensitive
									data
Do delete junk or chain emails
Do deactivate Internet access and the Bluetooth, WLAN and Infrared functions
									unless you actually need them
Do check the authenticity of the online banking website (https://) by
									comparing the URL and the bank's name in its digital certificate or
									by observing the indicators provided by an extended validation certificate
Do upgrade you phone or tablet to the latest operating system version
Do update the mobile application to the latest version
Do enable the lost or stolen device function on your mobile devices
Do only install applications from the official stores on your mobile devices
Be careful when opening MMS. MMS can also be used to distribute malicious
									code. Always delete any MMS from unknown senders immediately
Do switch off «automatic call acceptance», as this can be exploited
									to establish a connection without your knowledge
Do lock your mobile device using a code or the Touch ID
Do not record your Password anywhere
Do not choose a Password based on user-id, personal telephone number,
									birthday or other personal information
Do not use the same Password for different websites, applications or services
Do not use internet cafe computers or public WiFi to access online banking
									or perform financial transactions
Do not reveal the One Time Passcode generated by your Hard Token to anyone
Do not divulge the serial number of your Hard Token to anyone
Do not install software or run programs of unknown origin
Do not open email attachments from strangers
Do not disclose personal, financial or credit card information to little
									known or suspect websites
Do not accept any connection requests if you are unsure about the device
									wanting to contact you
Do not jailbreak your mobile devices
Do not allow anyone to keep, use or tamper with your Hard Token
Privacy
Please read our privacy policy ("the Privacy Policy") carefully
						before using this website ("the Site"). The Privacy Policy can be found on our website
https://privatebank.barclays.com/support-and-information/privacy-policy
. 
						In this Privacy Policy "we", "us" and "our" means Barclays Bank
						(Suisse) S.A., Barclays Bank PLC (Jersey branch), Barclays Bank PLC (Monaco
						branch) and/or Barclays Bank Ireland PLC (as applicable), and "you"
						means the individual who is using the Site or any person authorising the
						use of the Site.
Any special agreement with respect to individual services or products
						of the Bank shall be complementary to the terms of this Privacy Policy,
						although in the event of any conflict, the provisions contained in any
						special agreements shall prevail.
This Privacy Policy may be amended at any time. Such amendments shall
						be communicated to you by way of circular letter, on screen, i.e. by posting
						a notice of such change through the Online Banking Service, or in any other
						manner the Bank deems appropriate. In the absence of objection on your
						part within a period of one (1) month from their communication in writing,
						the amendments shall be deemed to have been accepted by you. In any case,
						amendments shall be deemed to have been accepted upon the next use of the
						Online Banking Services.
Electronic communications through Internet
Please remember that Internet communications are not secure unless the
						data being sent is encrypted. Information sent via Internet can be accessed
						by unauthorized third parties, potentially leading to disclosures, changes
						in content or technical failures. Moreover, information sent via the Internet
						may be transmitted across international borders even though both sender
						and receiver are located in the same country. Therefore, your personal
						and financial information may be forwarded to a country with a lower data
						protection level than the ones existing in your country of residence.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privatebank.barclays.com/support-and-information/privacy-policy:
Barclays uses cookies on this website. Some cookies are essential to provide our services to you. Other cookies help us to analyse how you use the site, so we can improve your experience on our site. Cookies are stored locally on your computer or mobile device. Please select 'Accept all' to consent to cookies or select ‘Reject all’ to reject all but essential cookies or select 'Manage cookies' to change your preferences. For more information visit our
cookie policy
.
-
Back to:
Support and information
Privacy policy
Barclays is committed to protecting your information. This policy provides you (the individual who is using this site) with information relating to how the personal data we collect from you, or you provide to us, will be processed.
Introduction
This privacy policy provides information as to how, when and why Barclays will collect and process personal data.
If you have received a separate customer or client privacy notice from us, please refer to that notice for information on how we will collect and process your personal data for the provision of our products and services.
The Barclays privacy principles
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of your personal data. By 'your personal data' we mean any information about you that you or third parties provide to us, that we will handle in accordance with the Barclays Privacy Principles:
We will only collect and use your personal data where we have lawful grounds and legitimate business reasons to do so
We will be transparent in our dealings with you and will tell you about how we will collect and use your personal data
If we have collected your personal data for a particular purpose we will not use it for anything else unless you have been informed and, where relevant, your permission obtained
We will not ask for more personal data than we need for the purposes for which we are collecting it
We will update our records when you inform us that your details have changed
We will continue to review and assess the quality of the personal data that we hold
We will implement and adhere to information retention policies relating to your personal data and will ensure that personal data is securely disposed of at the end of the appropriate retention period
We will observe the rights granted to you under applicable privacy and data protection laws and will ensure that queries relating to privacy issues are promptly and transparently dealt with
We will train our staff on their privacy obligations
We will ensure we have appropriate physical and technological security measures to protect your personal data regardless of where it is held
We will ensure that when we outsource any processes we ensure the supplier has appropriate security measures in place and will contractually require them to comply with these Privacy Principles
We will ensure that suitable safeguards are in place before personal data is transferred to other countries.
What we use personal data for, and who we will share it with
If you register to use our secure services such as online banking facilities we will ask you to provide some personal data for security, identification and verification purposes. When you complete any online forms, we will tell you how your information will be used, unless this is obvious.
If you are asked to provide personal data about others you must ensure that you have their consent or you are otherwise entitled to provide their information to Barclays.
We will also collect personal data from persons that visit and use our websites. This will include:
Information provided in order to register for and use our online services
Information provided within ‘contact us’ forms
The use of cookies and similar technologies. For further information please see our Cookie Policy.
We operate internationally and will need to share information with other Barclays offices, entities, affiliates, and external suppliers and agents, to conduct our business, support our customers, and where we outsource operational functions.
We will provide personal data to our suppliers and agents. Where we engage with a supplier or agent to process personal data on our behalf, we will undertake due diligence, monitoring and assurance activities to ensure that the personal data is appropriately protected, and contractual clauses will be agreed between the parties to ensure that data protection and confidentiality is maintained.
Some affiliates or service providers to which personal data are sent will be established in other countries. If we transfer personal data to a person, Barclays office, or other organisation in another country we will ensure that they agree to apply equivalent levels of protection and that they use process personal data strictly in accordance with our instructions.
We may also use your information for research and statistical analysis with the aim of improving our services.
Where you provide us with personal data about others you must ensure that you have their consent or are otherwise entitled to provide this information to us.
We retain personal data for as long as permitted for legal and regulatory purposes, or where we have a legitimate business reason to do so.
Your data protection rights
Where granted by applicable law, you may have a legal right to access, correct, update and delete your personal data. Please refer to your customer or client
privacy notice
for further details on your data protection rights and how you can exercise them.
If you have any other enquiries, please
contact us
or contact your Relationship Manager or Private Banker.
Use of cookies
We use cookies on this site for a variety of purposes. Please see our
Cookie Policy
for more detail.
Important information