FAQ
TRAINAWAY PARTNERS
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE
CONTACT US
Topics
USING THE APP
BUYING A PASS
TRAIN LIKE HOME
IHRSA PASSPORT PROGRAM
FEEDBACK
COMPLAINT
USING THE APP
BUYING A PASS
TRAIN LIKE HOME
IHRSA PASSPORT PROGRAM
FEEDBACK
COMPLAINT
USING THE APP
How do I create an account?
You can create a profile either through our App or Website. You'll need to sign up before using the app, otherwise, click “Sign up” to register on the website. At this point, you can either create a profile from scratch or use your Facebook, or Google plus credentials.
Why do the clubs have different colours in the map and list view?
The colours distinguish between Partner Clubs (blue icon) and non-partner clubs (grey icon).
What is a TrainAway Partner Club?
A TrainAway Partner is a fitness club where you can get access by buying a pass through TrainAway.
What is a TrainAway non-partner club?
Non-partner clubs are those currently not members of the TrainAway network, so it's not possible to buy a day pass there. We'll still try to give you as much information as possible on these clubs.
What facilities do Partner Clubs offer?
You'll find an overview of the available facilities when you select a club, with icons showing what you can expect from the club.
BUYING A PASS
How do I buy a pass?
Having chosen your preferred TrainAway Partner Club click “Buy pass” in the club profile and use your preferred credit card to purchase the pass that fits your needs.
How do I get my pass?
Passes are available on your phone, tablet or computer. It can be accessed through your Profile under the Purchase section. Here you can also find previous passes.
When can I use the pass?
As soon as the payment is completed the pass can be activated and used at the specified TrainAway Partner Club.
What do I do when I have bought a pass?
Pack your bag! You are going to the club for a work out! Through the app, you will get directions leading you directly to the club so you won’t have any problems finding it.
Does a pass give me access to all TrainAway Partner Clubs?
No, it does not. The pass selected and purchased on the profile of a TrainAway Partner Club is solely for the use of the selected club. However, you are always welcome to contact us if you wish to attend another TrainAway Partner Club as long as the pass has not been activated or is expired.
Why can't I buy a pass to all clubs?
The TrainAway platform shows all fitness clubs near you, but it is only at the Partner Clubs that you can buy a pass. If you would like to recommend a club or maybe you are yourself a club owner, please do not hesitate to contact us on info@trainaway.fit.
How long is the pass valid?
Your pass is valid for 30 days and can be activated at any time during this period. For day passes, you need to enter the club within two hours of activation. With longer passes you can enter and exit the club any time during the following 72 hours for three day passes and 168 hours for one-week passes.
What do I do when I arrive at the club?
Our goal is to make everything as simple as possible. When arriving at the club simply show your pass at the reception and you will be allowed access to the club.
Can I have more than one credit card on the app?
You can store the information of multiple credit cards on your profile in case you do not always use the same card to purchases or if you have a company card which you will like to use.
How many times can I use the pass?
The passes can only be used during their activated time span. When a pass has expired you will have to buy a new one.
Do I need to bring anything to the club?
When you activate the pass you will be informed of regulations and what to bring to the club such as indoor shoes, a padlock or a towel. In most cases, a padlock can be rented at the fitness club. We recommend that you always bring an identification card when visiting a club.
Can a pass be canceled?
A pass can be canceled within 30 days as long as it has not been activated or has expired. Please write info@trainaway.fit and your request will be handled as soon as possible.
Who sets the price for a pass?
In the highly unlikely case that there is a problem entering the club with an active pass please write info@trainaway.fit and we will report back to you as soon as possible.
I was refused access to the club – what should I do?
The prices on the TrainAway platform has been set by both the Partner Club and TrainAway. In case you receive a better offer at the club we would appreciate if you give us a heads up on info@trainaway.fit.
How do I invite a friend to TrainAway?
Invite your friends and give them 10% discount on their first purchase. In return, you will earn a discount bonus of 10% of your next purchase after your friend has bought his or her’s first pass. To invite a friend via email or Facebook, click on the ‘Invite Friend’ button in your profile.
Is there a limit to the number of passes I can buy to a club?
Yes. There is a limit of 8 training passes per club each year. Still, feel free to contact us if you would like to buy more passes.
TRAIN LIKE HOME
What is TrainLikeHome?
TrainLikeHome is a service which is offered to you by your gym as a part of your current gym membership. The service allows you to work out for free in gyms which is a part of TrainAways platform.
How do I get started?
To get started with TrainLikeHome, follow either the path from your membership app or scan the QR code available in your gym (if it’s not visible ask in the reception). Once you scan the QR code or follow the path from your membership app, you will be asked to download the TrainAway app to get started. After downloading the app you simply have to create a user and after this you can start visiting the gyms on the platform, free of charge.
Where can I work out?
You can workout for free in all gyms on the TrainAway platform. The network of gyms is continuously expanding across the globe.
How do I find a gym?
You find a gym by performing a search or navigating to your location on the map or listview. From here you can access the individual gyms profile where you can see pictures, description, facility, opening hours and more. Should the case be, that we do not have any partner gyms close to your location or search, this will be communicated on the map.
How do I book a pass?
When you’ve found your preferred gym, simply press the “book pass” button on the gym profile. From here you will be taken to a booking screen where you can confirm your booking.
What do I do when I book a pass?
Upon booking a pass you will receive an order confirmation, whereafter you can find your booked pass under the purchase section in the TrainAway app. From here you can activate your pass when you are ready to use it.
For how long can I use the pass?
The pass is valid for a month and needs to be activated within that time period. When you are ready to use the pass, you need to activate it. Upon activating the pass, you have 2 hours to use the pass to get inside the gym.  After entering the gym, you can stay in the gym as long as you like. Once you decide to leave the gym, the pass is deemed “used”, and you will no longer be able to use it.
What do I do when I arrive in the gym?
When you Arrive in the gym, all you have to do is show your active pass in the reception and you will be granted access to the gym.
What should I bring?
Specific items might be necessary to bring to certain gyms - if this is the case the information will be available on both the gym profile and your booked pass. As a common rule, you should always bring indoor shoes, a towel and a padlock.
Do I have to pay for my passes myself?
As a TrainLikeHome user, you are not paying for any pass you may book through the TrainAway platform. TrainLikeHome is a service provided to you through your existing gym membership.
How often can I visit gyms through TrainLikeHome?
As a TrainLikeHome user you can workout for free in TrainAway gyms up to 8 times a month.
Does a booked pass give me access to any TrainAway gym?
On the TrainAway platform you always book a pass to a specific gym. The pass you book solely gives you access to that particular gym and you will not be able to use the pass to enter any other gyms.
IHRSA PASSPORT PROGRAM
What is the IHRSA Passport Program, powered by TrainAway?
The IHRSA Passport Program provides members of enrolled IHRSA clubs with guest privileges at a network of participating IHRSA clubs worldwide. Members of participating clubs receive a 25% discount when purchasing a one-day pass at a Passport club. Because the IHRSA Passport Program is reciprocal, enrolled clubs must commit to welcoming Passport visitors from clubs at least 50 miles/80 kilometers away and offering the same discount. You can read more
by clicking here.
What is an IHRSA Passport club?
These are clubs enrolled in the IHRSA Passport Program, powered by TrainAway. Members of clubs enrolled in the program receive a 25% discount when training at other enrolled clubs. These clubs are indicated by an IHRSA logo either on the map or in the gym description page.
How do I enroll my club in the IHRSA Passport Program?
If you are an operator of an IHRSA member club not yet enrolled and are eligible for the IHRSA Passport Program, you can enroll
by completing this form.
I am a member of an club that participates in the IHRSA Passport Program. How do I get discounted access to others?
You'll need to get your invitation code directly from your club. Enter this in the TrainAway app to receive your member privileges.
Why can I no longer see IHRSA clubs on my TrainAway profile?
You may need to update your invitation code. Contact your club directly to make sure you have the current code. Go to your profile on the app to re-enter the code for member privileges.
FEEDBACK
Can I write feedback about my experiences?
When your pass has expired you will be asked to rate the club by written feedback and giving the fitness club a number of stars ranging between 1 to 5.
Are all ratings published and who can see them?
All ratings are published. Your feedback will benefit other users as well as grant the Partner Clubs an opportunity to improve their services. The review will be visible for other users and the Partner Clubs.
COMPLAINT
How do I complain about the club?
Please contact us on info@trainaway.fit if you have had a bad experience or if something was in any way confusing or dissatisfying. Please include details of what happened, who served you and what else comes to mind.
Where can I complain about TrainAway?
Please write info@trainaway.fit and we will get back to you as soon as possible. Our goal is to make it as easy as possible to train when you are away from your regular club and of course give the user the satisfaction of a hassle-free training. Therefore, we hope that you will let us know if you are dissatisfied.
How do I see my passes?
Just enter your profile and you can see your active and expired passes under the Purchases section.
Did not find any answers?
Write us on info@trainaway.fit and we will get back to you in a hurry.
Countries
Australia
Bermuda
Brunei
Bulgaria
Canada
Canada
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Hungary
Iceland
India
Ireland
Italy
Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia
Latvia
Latvia
New Zealand
Norway
Portugal
Romania
Singapore
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
Sweden
Thailand
The Netherlands
Ukraine
United Kingdom
United States Of America
Australia
Bermuda
Brunei
Bulgaria
Canada
Canada
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Hungary
Iceland
India
Ireland
Italy
Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia
Latvia
Latvia
New Zealand
Norway
Portugal
Romania
Singapore
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
Sweden
Thailand
The Netherlands
Ukraine
United Kingdom
United States Of America
Australia
hillarys
south ballarat
Bermuda
hamilton
pembroke
Brunei
delima satu
kiulap
Bulgaria
burgas
plovdiv
sofia
stara zagora
Canada
burnaby
Canada
abbotsford
aylmer
beauport
blainville
boisbriand
boucherville
brossard
burnaby
calgary
châteauguay
cobble hill
coquitlam
delson
dollard-des-ormeaux
edmonton
gatineau
hull
ile des soeurs
kelowna
langley
lasalle
laval
longueuil
lévis
maple ridge
montreal
nanaimo
north delta
north vancouver
port moody
québec
repentigny
richmond
st-eustache
st-hyacinthe
st-romuald
surrey
surrey bc
terrebonne
tsawwassen
vancouver
victoria
ville st-laurent
winnipeg
Denmark
aarhus
ballerup
borup
børkop
copenhagen
esbjerg
faaborg
frederiksværk
hillerød
holbæk
hundested
hvalsø
kalundborg
kastrup
københavn
nykøbing f.
odense
ringsted
roskilde
rudkøbing
rødovre
silkeborg
slagelse
solrød strand
sorø
stege
svendborg
søborg
sønderborg
tommerup
vejle
viborg
vordingborg
Egypt
ad doqi
alexandria
cairo
nasr city
sheikh zayed city
Estonia
haabneeme
narva
tallinn
tartu
viljandi
Finland
oulu
tampere
France
aubervilliers
bouc-bel-air
bron
colombes
fontenay-sous-bois
ivry-sur-seine
le kremlin-bicêtre
lyon
paris
puteaux
sevran
Écully
Hungary
budapest
Iceland
akureyri
hafnafjordur
hafnarfjordur
hafnarfjörður
kopavogur
mosfellsbær
reykjavik
selfoss
seltjarnarnes
India
mumbai
mysuru
pune
Ireland
dublin
Italy
rome
terralba
tortoreto lido
turin
Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia
jeddah
Latvia
riga
riga
Latvia
purvciems
riga
rīga
New Zealand
auckland
christchurch
hamilton
kaitaia
Norway
bergen
bergen, hordaland
levanger
lillehammer
melhus
nesbru
orkanger
ranheim
steinkjer
stord
tiller
trondheim
Portugal
agualva-cacém
alcobaca
almada
arcozelo
arruda dos vinhos
aveiro
barreiro
braga
caladas da rainha
caldas da rainha
carcavelos
cartaxo
carvalhosa
coimbra
esposende
estreito da calheta
funchal
guimarães
lamego
leiria
lisbon
maia
matosinhos
paredes
peniche
porto
rebordosa
sacavém
santarem
sao tome
setúbal
são domingos de rana
valongo
vedras
venda do pinheiro
vila nova de gaia
viseu
Romania
Șelimbăr
Singapore
singapore
South Africa
roodepoort
Spain
barcelona
marbella
tarragona
Álava
Sweden
ytterby
Sweden
alingsås
alnö
alvesta
anderstorp
asarum
bjuv
bjärnum
bollebygd
borås
bromölla
bräkne hoby
djurås
eslöv
falkenberg
falun
finspång
flen
färjestaden
gislaved
gnosjö
göteborg
halmstad
helsingborg
huskvarna
härnösand
höör
johanneshov
jämjö
jönköping - taberg
jönköping - torsvik
kallinge
kalmar
kalmar, city
kalmar, västra
karlshamn
karlskrona
karlstad
kinna
klippan
knislinge
kristianstad
kristianstad city
kristianstad härlöv
kungsbacka
kungälv
kvissleby
leksand
lerum
lilla edet
lindome
linköping
ljungby
ljungbyhed
luleå
lund
lyckeby
löddeköping
malmö
malung
markaryd
mora
mörrum
nyköping
nättraby
olofström
osby
oskarshamn
partille
robertsfors
ronneby
rättvik
rödeby
rönninge
skogås
solna
staffanstorp
stockholm
strängnäs
strömstad
sundsvall
tidaholm
tingsryd
tollarp
torsås
tranås
trelleborg
trollhättan
tyringe
uddevalla
umeå
uppsala
vansbro
vara
varberg
vetlanda
vislanda
vännäs
vännäsby
västervik
västra frölunda
växjö
Älmhult
Åhus
Åkers styckebruk
Åkersberga
Åstorp
Åtvidaberg
Örnsköldsvik
Thailand
bangkok
The Netherlands
amsterdam
den haag
gorinchem
heiloo
leidschendam
noordwijk
rotterdam
schoonhoven
wassenaar
Ukraine
odessa
United Kingdom
london
United States Of America
aliso viejo
altoona
anchorage
arizona
ashburn
atlanta
atlantic highlands
auburn
austin
avila beach
avon
avondale
bainbridge island
bakersfield
baltimore
barre
bay shore
bayamoón
beaverton
bellevue
bellingham
big fork
billings
birmingham, mi
boca raton
boston
bothell
bozeman
bristol
broken arrow
buchanan
burlington
caguas
california
canonsburg
carmel
carmichael
chandler
chantilly
charlottesville
cherry hill
chestertown
citrus heights
claremont
clarksville
clermont
clifton park
cockeysville
colorado springs
columbia
concord
coram
corvallis
cotati
covington
crozet
cumberland
cypress
dallas
dewitt
dededo
eagle river
east greenwich
east lansing
east longmeadow
east providence
el dorado hills
eldersburg
elk grove
emporia
encinitas
enfield
eugene
exton
fair oaks
fairbanks
feeding hills
fishkill
flagstaff
flemington
folsom
forest city
fort collins
fuquay varina
garden city
gilbert
glastonbury
glen allen
glendale
gold river
grants pass
great falls
green bay
greensboro
greenwood village
hagåtña
hanover
hauppauge
henderson
hillsboro
houston
hunt valley
hutchinson
idaho falls
independence
issaquah
juneau
kailua
kansas city
kennewick
klamath falls
knoxville
kohler
lafayette
lancaster
las vegas
lawrence
leavenworth
lebanon
lees summit
lincoln
liverpool
long beach
longmont
longview
los angeles
los angeles
louisville
loveland
lugoff
mandeville
manhattan
mansfield
mcclellan
mcpherson
mechanicsburg
medina
merriam
mesa
miami
middleton
milan
milford
mililani
mill valley
minnetonka
missoula
monroe
monticello
morehead city
mount airy
mount dora
mt. pleasant
murrieta
naperville
natick
nebraska city
new hyde park
new port richey
new windsor
new york
newington
newtown
north arlington
north dartmouth
north haven
north las vegas
norton
norwich
novato
oakland
oakley
oceanside
olathe
omaha
orange
orangevale
orion
orlando
overland park
owings mills
palm desert
palm springs
palmer
papillion
paso robles
peoria
philadelphia
phoenix
pompton plains
portland
poughkeepsie
prior lake
raleigh
rancho cordova
redmond
richland
riverside
rochester
rocklin
roseville
roswell
sacramento
salina
salt lake city
san diego
san jose
san juan
san rafael
santa ana
santa fe
santa rosa
scottsdale
seattle
silver spring
sisters
springfield
st cloud
st joseph
stamford
stevens point
stow
tampa
tamuning
tehachapi
temecula
tempe
texarkana
the woodlands
tiburon
timonium
toledo
topeka
towson
tucson
tulsa
utah
visalia
wantagh
warwick
wasilla
wayland
wayne
wenatchee
west chester
west springfield
wheaton
whitefish
wichita
winchester
woodridge
worcester
yorba linda
Topics
Acceptance
Service Provider
Collected Personal data
Purpose
Marketing Purposes
Service Announcements
Third Parties
Secure Information
Consent
Correctness of data
Right of Access
Retention
Deletion of Information
Disclosure for legal reasons
Public Posts
Third Party Platforms
Data Processor
Cookies
Facebook Connect
Google+
Questions
Changes
Supervision
Acceptance
Service Provider
Collected Personal data
Purpose
Marketing Purposes
Service Announcements
Third Parties
Secure Information
Consent
Correctness of data
Right of Access
Retention
Deletion of Information
Disclosure for legal reasons
Public Posts
Third Party Platforms
Data Processor
Cookies
Facebook Connect
Google+
Questions
Changes
Supervision
Acceptance
1.1 By creating a user profile or otherwise using the website www.TrainAway.fit ("Website"), the application TrainAway for iPhone and Android (“Applications”) and services associated therewith (the "Services") (Website, Applications and Services all referred to as “TrainAway” in the following) you agree to this policy for the processing of your personal data on TrainAway ("Privacy Policy").
1.2 If you do not accept the contents of this Privacy Policy, you should immediately stop using TrainAway.
Service Provider
TrainAway ApS
VAT No. 38201824
Blankavej 14, 1 th.
DK - 2500 Valby
Denmark
Collected Personal data
3.1	We collect personal data from you, when you activate the service we provide, and when you use TrainAway.
3.2	We collect Personally Identifiable Information from you when you register for TrainAway, including the following: name and email address. To participate in certain activities and to obtain certain services or documents offered on TrainAway, you may be asked to provide additional Personally Identifiable Information such as phone number and credit card information. We endeavour to limit our requests for Personally Identifiable Information to information we believe is reasonably necessary to achieve our purposes as described in the “Purpose” section below.
3.3	When you visit TrainAway we also collect non-personally identifiable information, which is information that by itself cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information (such as age or gender) or usage information (such as the browser you are using, the URL that referred you to TrainAway and the areas of TrainAway you visit). We may also supplement the information we collect with information from other sources to assist us in evaluating and improving our Platform and offerings.
3.4	Any personal data we collect from you is collected, used, processed and stored only in accordance with the applicable national requirements and regulations on personal data.
Purpose
4.1	TrainAway uses Personally Identifiable Information for several general purposes:
•	to provide you with TrainAway service information, and news,
•	to support TrainAway and services offered on or through TrainAway,
•	to contact you for feedback about our services,
•	to conduct research about TrainAway’s customer base or services,
•	to fulfil your reservation and purchase requests,
•	to process your payments including credit checks and collection,
•	to notify you of technical updates or changes in policy
•	to contact you for marketing and promotional purposes
•	to process contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions and fulfil any related awards or discounts.
4.2	We may use non-Personally Identifiable Information such as demographic data to analyse and develop our marketing strategy and further improve TrainAway and our services.
Marketing Purposes
5.1	The data collected shall be used:
•	to send you promotional emails for services similar to the ones you are subscribed to;
•	to send advertising, direct sales, market research or commercial communication material, using traditional or automated means - more specifically: emails and phone calls with operators;
•	for profiling processing (defined as “processing intended to define the data subject’s profile or personality, or to analyse consumer habits or choices”), which is required to provide the Service – for example, sending you personalised training recommendations – and therefore does not require your consent.
5.2	You may refuse this processing for marketing purposes by sending us an email hereon to the following email address: info@TrainAway.fit
5.3	You can withdraw your consent at any time (by sending an e-mail to: info@TrainAway.fit) or by using the contact forms available at www.TrainAway.fit.
5.4	TrainAway reserves the right to use profiling processing that is not required to provide TrainAway – for example, for promotional purposes – subject to your prior consent.
Service Announcements
6.1	When you use TrainAway, you agree that we may send you service announcements, administrative messages and other information. You can opt out of some of these messages.
Third Parties
We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to other companies or people under any of the following circumstances: to any applicable venue, fitness studio, gym, instructor (Hereafter referred to as “Venues”)   or platform for each class or activity that you sign up for on TrainAway, so it can contact you regarding the activity you reserved and send you other communication that may be of interest such as special offers (you may opt-out of marketing communications directly with the applicable venue). The collected data will be disclosed:
•	if sharing the information is reasonably necessary to provide or otherwise make available TrainAway and any feature of TrainAway or a service that you have requested.
•	to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers, or other information we think you would like to hear about either from us or from our business partners (unless you have opted out of these types of communications). (Note that you will not be able to opt-out of service announcements that contain important information relevant to your use of TrainAway and are not promotional in nature.)
•	if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law, in connection with litigation, to prevent a crime, or to protect personal property, the public, or TrainAway.
•	in connection with a sale or merger with another entity, consolidation, restructuring, sale of company assets, financing or other corporate change, including during the course of any due diligence process or if TrainAway should ever file for bankruptcy or related proceeding.
•	with your employer (or similar entity), if you participate in any of enterprise solutions or corporate programs.
•	when we otherwise have your consent to share the information.
TrainAway may also share non-Personally Identifiable Information (e.g. aggregate or demographic data) with third parties.
Secure Information
8.1	It is important to us that your personal information is kept secure. We have strict security procedures for the collection, storage and transfer of personal data to prevent unauthorized access and to comply with applicable law. Our security is checked regularly. The information and data you provide to us is stored on our own or one of our business partners' secure servers within the EU. Your device encrypts your personal data you input before sending them on to us.
8.2	We have taken necessary technical and organizational security measures to protect your Personal Identifiable Information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration and against the unauthorized disclosure, abuse or other processing in violation of applicable law.
8.3	We store and process your Personally Identifiable Information on IT systems with controlled and limited access. The systems are located on servers in secured premises.
8.4	We use industry standards such as firewalls and authentication protection to safeguard your Personally Identifiable Information.
8.5	If you send Personally Identifiable Information by e-mail to us, you should be aware that sending is not secure if your email is not encrypted.
Consent
9.1	By using the Services provided by us, you consent to, and grant us and our affiliated companies an unlimited, free of charge and transferable right to use content, including any personal data as well as any other intellectual property, submitted to us by you for the purposes of operating TrainAway. You may at any time revoke this license by deactivating your use of TrainAway provided by us. We do not collect any personal data prior to obtaining your consent, which is granted at installation of TrainAway. You may at any time redraw your consent for our collection, use, processing etc. of your personal data.
Correctness of data
10.1	The processing of your personal data will be organized so that the information can be updated when needed. Information that proves inaccurate or misleading will be promptly rectified or erased. You are responsible for providing us with information to help ensure the correctness of your personal data.
Right of Access
11.1	Upon your written request, we will provide you with information on whether or not we process personal data concerning you. We will also provide you with information on 1) what information is processed, 2) the purposes, 3) the categories of recipients of the personal data and 4) available information about the source of the personal data.
11.2	We will provide such information to you within 4 weeks from the date of receipt of your request. If we cannot provide such information to you within the stated 4 weeks after the date of receipt of your request, we will provide you with information of the reason therefor, and the time when the information is likely to be available.
Retention
12.1	We will retain your personal data for as long as we need it to provide you with TrainAway. If you delete your account with us or do not use your account with us for a period of one (1) year, we will automatically delete your personal data. Please note that: (1) there might be some latency in deleting this personal data from our servers and back-up storage; and (2) we may retain this personal data if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.
Deletion of Information
13.1	Your information (including Your Basic Information) may at any time be edited by you via the functionality created on TrainAway.
13.2	Your information will automatically be deleted three (3) years after you delete your account at TrainAway.
13.3	Your account will automatically be deleted if your account is inactive for a period of one (1) year.
Disclosure for legal reasons
14.1	We disclose personal data to companies, organizations or individuals outside of our group of companies if we believe in good faith that access, use, preservation or disclosure is necessary to: (1) comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (2) enforce applicable use terms, including investigation of potential violations, (3) register, prevent or otherwise protect against address fraud, security or technical issues, or (4) indemnifying us, our users or the public's rights, property or safety, as required.
Public Posts
15.1	TrainAway may allow you to post or share content to a public area of TrainAway such as a public profile, group, community or other public area. You should be aware that any content or information you choose to disclose in these areas can be read, collected and used by other users, the general public and other Platforms (including search engines). We are not responsible for, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to, information you may choose to post in these areas.
Third Party Platforms
16.1	TrainAway may contain links to other platforms. TrainAway is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other platforms. TrainAway encourages our users to ensure that when redirected to such other platforms from TrainAway they read the privacy statements of each platform that collects Personal Data. When accessing any of these links to visit the aforementioned websites, you leave TrainAway and enter an environment that has its own Personal Data processing terms and conditions. You should therefore check them carefully. TrainAway accepts no liability or commitment from the terms and conditions applied by operators of these websites.
Data Processor
17.1	We use third parties to perform the technical operation of TrainAway. Such third parties act as a data processor in relation to personal data and TrainAway is the data controller.
17.2	Data processing is carried out within the European Union.
17.3	Data processors act solely on our instructions. The data processor has taken the necessary technical and organizational security measures to protect data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration and against the unauthorized disclosure, abuse or other processing in violation of applicable law.
Cookies
18.1	We collect various information about you in connection with the operation of TrainAway. We collect information about you and your use of TrainAway in two ways: Through so-called 'cookies' and through registration and use of TrainAway.
18.2	Cookies are small pieces of information that TrainAway places on your computer's hard drive, on your tablet or on your smart phone. Cookies contain information that TrainAway uses to streamline communication between you and your web browser. The cookie does not identify you as an individual user but identifies your computer.
18.3	There are two types of cookies - session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are pieces of information that are deleted when you close your web browser. Persistent cookies are bits of information that are stored on your computer until they are deleted. Persistent cookies delete themselves after a certain period of time but are renewed each time you visit TrainAway. TrainAway uses both temporary and persistent cookies.
18.4	We use similar technologies that store and read information on the browser or device, which utilizes local units and local storage, such as HTML 5 cookies, and other technologies. These technologies can work across your browsers. In some cases, the use of these technologies is not controlled by the browser but require special tools. We use these technologies to store information that is used to ensure the quality of reviews and to pick up irregularities in your use of TrainAway.
18.5	A cookie can contain text and numbers but there is no personal information contained in a cookie. It is not a program and cannot contain viruses.
18.6	When visiting TrainAway for the first time, you will automatically receive cookies. We use cookies to customize and create content and services that match your interests and desires. We also use cookies to receive demographic and user-related statistics, and thus determine who is visiting TrainAway. We record only anonymous information such as IP numbers, number of bytes sent and received, internet host time, browser type, version, and language, etc.
18.7	We use cookies for:
- statistics, ie: measuring traffic on TrainAway, including the number of visits to TrainAway, which
domains visitors come from, which pages they look at on TrainAway and what general geographic area the user is in.
- Functionality enhancement: to improve the functionality and optimize your experience of TrainAway and
help you remember your username and password so you do not have to log in again when you return to TrainAway.
- Integration with social media, i.e.: allow you to integrate with social media such as Facebook.
- Quality assurance: to ensure the quality of reviews and preventing fraud and irregularities in connection with writing reviews and apply TrainAway.
- Targeted marketing, i.e.: display specific marketing at TrainAway as we think you will find interesting.
18.8	TrainAway provides access for its third party’s suppliers to inspect the contents of the cookies that are set by TrainAway. This information shall be used exclusively on behalf of TrainAway and must not be used for third party's own purposes.
18.9	Our Website uses cookies from the following third parties:
- Google Analytics: for statistical purposes. You can refuse cookies set by Google Analytics by clicking here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
- Facebook: made by Facebook.
- Twitter: set by Twitter if you interact with Twitter plugin or are already logged on to Twitter from another source for the purpose of interacting with them.
- Segment: for statistical purposes.
18.10	Most browsers allow you to erase cookies from your hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. You must be aware that in such cases services and features cannot be used by you because they require cookies to remember choices you make. We hope that you will allow the cookies we set, as they help us improve TrainAway.
18.11	You always have the option to delete cookies stored on your computer.
- How to delete cookies in Mozilla Firefox browser  https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
- How to delete cookies in Google Chrome browser https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en-GB
- How to delete cookies in Opera browser http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/privacy/
- How to delete flash cookies - applies to all browsers http://www.wikihow.com/Delete-Flash-Cookies
18.12	TrainAway uses Segment, Facebook Pixel, and Google Analytics to analyse how users use TrainAway. The information generated by the cookie about your use (traffic data, including your IP address) is transmitted to and stored on TrainAway servers in the United States and for some actions, Google’s servers in the United States. Segment and Google uses this information to evaluate your use of TrainAway, compiling reports on the activity of TrainAway and providing other services relating to the operation of TrainAway and internet use. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law or if third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Segment may also transfer this information to third parties for analytics purposes on TrainAway's request as covered in this document.
18.13	Segment, Facebook Pixels, and Google Analytics set two types of cookies: (a) persistent cookies providing information on if the user is recurrent, where the user is coming from, which search engine is used, keywords, etc., and (b) session cookies that are used to show when and how long a user uses TrainAway. Session cookies expire after each session, that is, when you close your tab or browser.
18.14	Most browsers allow you to erase cookies from Google Analytics. Read more about Google Analytics cookies.
18.15	By using TrainAway you provide your consent to our use of cookies as described. If you no longer wish to consent to the use of cookies, deselect the cookies by modifying the settings in your browser.
Facebook Connect
19.1	TrainAway allow you to sign up and log in using your Facebook account. If you sign up using Facebook, Facebook will ask your permission to share certain information from your Facebook account with TrainAway. This may include your first name, last name and email address in order for us to verify your identity and gender, general location, a link to your Facebook profile, your timezone, birthday, profile picture, your "likes", interests, nationality, occupation and your list of friends. This information is collected by Facebook and is provided to us under the terms of Facebook’s privacy policy. You can control the information that we receive from Facebook using the privacy settings in your Facebook account.
If you sign up to TrainAway using Facebook, your TrainAway account will be connected automatically to your Facebook account, and information regarding your activity on TrainAway, may be shared with Facebook and may be published in your timeline and your Facebook friends’ newsfeeds.
Google+
20.1	You can sign up and log in using your Google+ account. When you sign up using Google+, Google will ask your permission to share certain information from your Google+ account with TrainAway. This may include your first name, last name, email address in order for us to verify your identity and gender, a link to your Google+ profile, your profile picture, interests, nationality, occupation and your list of friends. This information is collected by Google and is provided to us under the terms of Google's privacy policy. If you sign up to TrainAway using Google+, by default information regarding your activity on TrainAway will be visible on Google to everyone in your Google+ circles and shared with Google according to Google's terms of service and Google's privacy policy. For more information on how to manage the activities you share back to your Google+ account, see Google's support page. You can manage who from your Google+ circles see your TrainAway activity from within your Google+ App settings page.
Questions
21.1	If you have questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of Personal Identifiable Information, rectification or your relationship with us in general, please feel free to contact us at the following address: TrainAway ApS, VAT No. 38201824, Blankavej 14, 1. th, 2., DK-2500 Valby, Denmark.
Changes
22.1	We may change our Privacy Policy at any given time. As a TrainAway account holder you should review our Privacy Policy regularly. Such changes shall come into force immediately. If you do not agree to the modified Privacy Policy, please stop using TrainAway. In the event of a conflict between these Privacy Policy and the modified terms, the modified terms shall apply. Your continued use of the Services provided by us after the date the modified terms are posted will constitute your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy.
22.2	If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that deal. We will notify you (for example, via a message to the device ID associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.
Supervision
23.1	The Danish Data Protection Agency, inter alia, supervises that the applicable national regulation on personal data are satisfied. The contact information for the Danish Data Protection Agency is:
Datatilsynet
Borgergade 28, 5
DK- 1300 København K
T: 3319 3200
F: 3319 3218
E-mail: dt@datatilsynet.dk
Topics
Terms of Use
Provider
Services
Registration
Usage
Accessing TrainAway Partner Venues
Regulatory Compliance
Abuse
Deactivating account
14-day withdrawal period
Age Restriction
Payment Process
Duration and Termination
Changes to these Terms of Use
No warranty
Waiver and Release
Indemnification - Hold Harmless
Support
Third Party Services; Third Party Materials
Limitation of Liability
Ownership
Consumer Complaints
Miscellaneous
Special Conditions
Terms of Use
Provider
Services
Registration
Usage
Accessing TrainAway Partner Venues
Regulatory Compliance
Abuse
Deactivating account
14-day withdrawal period
Age Restriction
Payment Process
Duration and Termination
Changes to these Terms of Use
No warranty
Waiver and Release
Indemnification - Hold Harmless
Support
Third Party Services; Third Party Materials
Limitation of Liability
Ownership
Consumer Complaints
Miscellaneous
Special Conditions
Terms of Use
1.1 Your use of the website www.TrainAway.fit ("Website"), the application TrainAway for IOS and Android (“Applications”) and services associated therewith (the "Services") is subject to these Terms of Use. By entering the Website or using the Services, you agree to these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use also apply to updates, supplements, and any other services for the Website, Application and/or Services carried out by or on behalf of Provider, unless otherwise agreed in writing or unless other terms accompany such items. If so, those other terms apply.
1.1.1	These Terms of Use also includes all regulations, policies and guidelines referenced in this document, or as we otherwise publish on the Website or on the Application, including: our Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy"), which can be found on www.TrainAway.fit/privacypolicy or within the Applications.  In case of discrepancies between the Privacy Policy and these Terms of Use, these Terms of Use shall prevail.
1.2	If you do not want to be bound by these Terms of Use, you must immediately leave the Website and/or delete the Applications and cease using the Services.
Provider
TrainAway ApS
VAT No. 38201824
Blankavej 14, 1. th
DK-2500 Valby
Denmark
(hereinafter referred to as ”Service Provider”)
Services
3	Services
3.1	TrainAway is a website and mobile based service provider (Hereinaf-ter “TrainAway).
3.2	TrainAway is an intermediary facilitating information and/or a pay as you go service that enables users to find and/or access a wide range of fitness studios, gyms, trainers, venues or other facilities of third parties (Hereinafter “Venue”). Categorized as followed: -	Non-partner Venues (hereinafter "Non-partners”) that have no partnership agreement with TrainAway, and therefore pay as you go access is not provided. The data on these Venues is often streamed from third-party platforms e.g. Facebook -	TrainAway Partner Venues (hereinafter "TrainAway Partner”) shall mean any Venue that have a direct partnership with TrainAway and therefore offers pas as you go access. TrainAway provides information and access to third party products and services only.
3.3	TrainAway itself is not a gym, fitness studio or service provider and does not own, operate or control any of the classes, services or facil-ities at the gym, fitness studio, etc. We do not guarantee the availa-bility of Venues, classes or other inventory, and availability may change over time. The type, quantity, allocation and availability of Venues, classes, and other inventory offered are determined by third-parties at their sole discretion. As such, we take no steps to release, promote and otherwise make available inventory at varying times and in an ongoing and evolving manner.
3.4	The user undertakes to adhere at all times to the applicable terms and conditions for each Venue in which the user may train. We under-take no responsibility for the user’s use of a Venue. Accordingly, we undertake no responsibility in respect of damage to or injuries to a Registered User or its belongings or any damage to any Venue, irre-spective of the cause of such damage.
Registration
4	Registration
4.1	In order to access and make use of TrainAway, you must create a pro-file and register as a user (hereinafter "Registered User").
4.2	You are only permitted to create one profile. The profile is personal and non- transferable to others. TrainAway may not be used for commercial purposes. To use TrainAway pay as you go services you must have access to the Internet. We continually update and test various aspects of the TrainAway platform. We reserve the right to, and by using our service you agree that we may, include you in or ex-clude you from these tests without notice.
4.3	To become a Registered User you must enter:
i) A password. You must choose your password to be used in conjunc-tion with your user name when you log on to TrainAway. Alternative-ly, we will send the password to you. The password is personal and may not be transferred or otherwise made available to others. If you become aware that the password is or may be compromised, you are required to inform us immediately. We can and will change the pass-word, if there is a risk that it is compromised or used in violation of these Terms of Use.
ii) During registration, you must enter a valid email. The user name can be displayed on TrainAway when you post or create any material, information, reviews or other communication made available to oth-ers on TrainAway (Hereinafter “Contributions”). You represent that the email does not violate the rights (including intellectual property rights) of third parties and/or these Terms of Use.
iii) Upon registration, you must indicate your nationality in order for TrainAway to automatically adjust settings to you e.g. currency.
4.4	We may, at any time, without notice and without liability, delete, suspend or modify your profile if you are in breach of these Terms of Use or applicable law.
4.5	It is not permitted to obtain or attempt to obtain access to parts of TrainAway which require user registration, if you are not a Regis-tered User.
4.6	If you are using or opening an account on behalf of a company, enti-ty, or organization (a “Subscribing Organization”), then you repre-sent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of that Subscribing Organization with the authority to bind such organiza-tion to these Terms of Use; and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use on behalf of such Subscribing Organization.
4.7	Registered Users taking classes or attending a gym are subject to the terms and conditions of individual Venues. Your participation in any activity, class or service is subject to the terms, policies, rules and conditions of the applicable Venue and you understand and agree that you may not be permitted to reserve or attend classes or services if you do not comply with such terms, policies, rules and conditions of the Venues. If you have questions about a Venue’s waiver or other terms, please see the applicable Venue’s website or contact the Venue directly.
Usage
5	Usage
5.1	As long as you are registered as a valid Registered User and have paid any applicable fees, we give you a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive license to use TrainAway for your own personal use.
5.2	We reserve the right to discontinue TrainAway without notice. From time to time, we may restrict access to certain parts of TrainAway for users who are registered with us.
5.3	You should treat your profile name, identification code, password or other information as confidential and not disclose these to any third party. We have the right to disable any profile, identification code or password, without notice if you, in our view, do not comply with these Terms of Use.
5.4	You are responsible for ensuring that all persons who access TrainA-way through your account with us, are made aware of - and have ac-cepted - the use of these Terms of Use, and that they comply with them. By giving your login information to others, you hereby warrant that such persons have the right to place orders and consent on your behalf and that you are responsible for any such orders and consent. You are responsible for ensuring that the username and password remains confidential and for any activity made using your username and password. TrainAway shall not be liable if your profile is used by others. You can always change your username, password and prefer-ences, and delete your profile.
5.5	TrainAway can display content that does not belong to us. Responsi-bility for such content rests solely with the person who made it available to us. We always have the right to review content to de-termine whether it is illegal or violates our policies, and we may re-move or refuse to display content if we reasonably believe that the content is illegal or violates our policies. This does not necessarily mean that we review content displayed on TrainAway.
5.6	Some of our Services are available on mobile devices. You may not use these services in a way that distracts you and prevents you from obeying traffic or safety laws.
5.7	TrainAway is licensed, not sold. This means that these Terms of Use do not give you any ownership of TrainAway.
5.8	You must at all times comply with any technical limitations in Train-Away, if they only allow you to use TrainAway in certain ways.
5.9	You may not:
• break the technical limitations of TrainAway,
• Improperly delete, de-compile, reverse engineer, reverse compile, modify, translate, or make any similar changes (except and only to the extent mandatory Danish law expressly allows this),
• sell, rent, lease, distribute, sublicense, transfer or lend TrainAway to third parties,
• remove, modify or add information of TrainAway 'copyright, trade-marks and/or property rights (including information on physical me-dia), or
• in any way for commercial purposes or in a un loyal way link (ac-tively or passively) to TrainAway.
5.10	Any rights not expressly granted are reserved.
Accessing TrainAway Partner Venues
6	Accessing TrainAway Partner Venues
6.1	Upon purchasing access to a TrainAway Partner the user receives a proof of purchase to a specific Venue (Hereinafter “Pass”). There are three types of passes:
-	”1 Day Pass” shall mean access to a specific TrainAway Partner Venue and provides access up to 2 hours after activation.
-	”3 days Pass” shall mean access to a specific TrainAway Partner Venue for a period of 3 days and provides access up to 72 hours after activation.
-	”Week Pass” shall mean access to a specific TrainAway Partner Venue for a period of 1 (one) week and provides access up to 168 hours after activation.
The Pass can be in 3 forms: “Valid”, “Active” and “Expired”.
6.2	The Pass is valid from the time it is issued by us and until 30 days from the date of issue. This means that the pass must be “Activated” and used before expiry. Following 30 days from the date of issue, the Pass will expire and shall no longer be valid. No refund will be is-sued.
6.3	You can change Venue for a specific Pass by sending us an email to info@trainaway.fit specifying your name, email and your unique code to the Pass. You can only change the Venue for a specific Pass as long as the Pass is valid, has not been activated and has not expired.
6.4	When you want to use the Pass for a specific Venue, you need to acti-vate the Pass. After activation, the Pass is valid during the applica-ble activation period. You must arrive at the venue and show the Pass during the applicable activation period. The active Pass can be shown using the functionality hereof in the Application. The Pass contain a unique code which allows us to identify the transaction as well as your name, the name of the Venue and the count-down of ap-plicable activation Period.
6.5	You may be restricted to use a specific Venue for a limited number of times during one calendar year.
Regulatory Compliance
7	Regulatory Compliance
7.1	You shall, at your own expense, comply with all rules, regulations, regulatory decisions and orders of a public authority which apply to these Terms of Use.
7.2	You must immediately report any suspected or actual problems, mis-takes, inappropriateness etc. in writing to us.
7.3	You are responsible for the content of your Contributions and repre-sent and warrant that the content of the Contributions you publish on TrainAway is correct (where specified facts) and sincere (in case of attitudes).
7.4	You must not post Contributions to TrainAway, which have marketing characteristics, or which are misleading, offensive, harmful, violates the rights of others, including intellectual property rights, are ob-scene, or illegal, or otherwise violate any applicable local, national or international law contrary to these Terms of Use, have a disloyal purpose and/or content or which cause injury (including computer vi-ruses, Trojan horses, worms or other harmful software, data or ac-tion).
7.5	If we receive notification or otherwise determine that a Contribution violates applicable laws, rights of third parties and/or these Terms of Use, we can delete such Contributions without warning and we may - depending on the seriousness of the infringement character - in-form any wronged party and/or authorities hereof. Our right to delete content is not subject to any justifications, although we will endeav-our to inform the Registered User of the deletion and its rationale.
7.6	You hereby grant us the right to initiate and perform any legal ac-tions that we consider necessary in the event that a Contribution violates applicable laws, rights of third parties and/or these Terms of Use.
7.7	You agree to indemnify us for any claims that may be asserted against us as a result of your violation of these Terms of Use or ap-plicable law and for any claims or losses arising from third party claims against us.
7.8	We may at any time request from you information about the Contri-bution, including documentation of the data included in the Contri-bution.
Abuse
8	Abuse
8.1	You will not:
- introduce commercial communications (including spam) on TrainA-way,
- collect users' content or information, or otherwise access TrainA-way using automation,
- upload viruses or other malicious code,
- ask for someone else's login information or access someone else's account,
- bully, intimidate or harass other users,
- beat up content that: is hateful, threatening, or incite violence or contains gratuitous violence,
- use TrainAway to do anything unlawful, misleading, malicious, or discriminatory,
- publish, sell, rent, lease, distribute, sublicense, transmit, print or borrow information or data published on TrainAway, unless such data belongs to and concerns you.
- facilitate or encourage the violation of these Terms of Use or our policies.
8.2	Contact info@trainaway.fit if you suspect misuse of your account or bank details via TrainAway. We do not cover losses on your account in excess of losses recoverable under mandatory applicable law.
Deactivating account
9	Deactivating account
9.1	You may at any time and without notice delete your account using the functionality here fore on TrainAway.
9.2	If you choose to delete your account, you may at any time create a new account. We reserve the right to close your account if it has not been reactivated for a period of one year from the time it was de-activated.
9.3	If you choose to delete your account, your account will be deleted as soon as possible thereafter.
9.4	Any balance on your account with us will be non-refundable when the time for withdrawal (see below) has expired.
14-day withdrawal period
10	14-day withdrawal period
10.1	When you trade with TrainAway as a consumer, you can cancel your purchase of a Pass until 14 days after the day your Pass is issued by TrainAway. However, once you have activated a Pass, such purchase becomes non-refundable as the purchase is considered consumed.
10.2	If you withdraw from your purchase of a Pass, we will refund your bal-ance within 14 days from the date we received your cancellation. However, you may be charged an administrative fee and subscription for the days it has been active.
10.3	To exercise the right of withdrawal you must notify us of your deci-sion to withdraw by an unequivocal statement, e.g. message sent by email to info@trainaway.fit specifying your name, email and the unique code to the Pass that you wish to return.
10.4	The deadline for withdrawal is met if you send your notice of with-drawal before the withdrawal period has expired.
10.5	If you want a refund, the amount will generally be returned automat-ically to the payment card you originally used to pay the order. Al-ternatively, we will contact you and ask for your bank information. We will then need the following information: (i) name of the bank, (ii) registration number (4 digits), (iii) account number (10 digits) or IBAN and BIC/SWIFT for international transfers.
10.6	Exception to the right of withdrawal: You cannot cancel an order which includes content if the delivery of this content is initiated by your request, e.g. by you activating a Pass, and you have acknowl-edged that you lose your right of withdrawal through delivery.
Age Restriction
11	Age Restriction
11.1	To be eligible to register as a user of TrainAway, you must be at least 15 years old.
11.2	You represent and warrant that you may enter into an agreement with us when you open an account with us.
Payment Process
12	Payment Process
12.1	If you create an account, and we require you to pay for the use of TrainAway, a Pass, you agree to pay the price determined by the Venue as well as any processing fees ("Fee") for this. The fee in-cludes all applicable taxes, unless otherwise indicated.
12.2	Your TrainAway fee covers your access to eligible activities, classes or services as explained above. We reserve the right to change our policy for charging fees, to introduce additional fees (such as a sign-up fee) and to change the amount of any such fees at any time.
12.3	In addition to fees charged by us, some of the Venues may also charge equipment or other amenity fees that you will be responsible for paying in addition to the fees paid to us. Further, TrainAway only gives you access to the Venue you signed up on the TrainAway Web-site and Application (and at the specified time and location). The Venue may have additional fees for use of classes or spaces.
12.4	You are also responsible for all third-party charges and fees associated with connecting and using TrainAway, including fees such as in-ternet service provider fees, telephone and computer equipment charges, sales tax and any other fees necessary to access TrainAway. You will be required to use a specific payment method by use of credit card, debit card, PayPal or other payment methods stated by us. We can withdraw payment from your credit card, debit card, Pay-Pal or other payment mechanism through a third-party provider, sub-ject to that party's terms of use, which shall be accepted separately by you.
12.5	Once you have provided your credit card information to us we will charge you for any additional purchases using the same card or other payment method you have used, unless otherwise provided to us.
12.6	Your obligation to pay for TrainAway will not be affected by any dis-ruption, cessation or suspension for any reason whatsoever.
12.7	If we cancel your account as a result of violation of these Terms of Use, the fees that you have already paid for periods after the cancel-lation date will be forfeited and will not be refunded.
12.8	From time to time we may make available gift cards for TrainAway, other types of promotions or promotional plans (including through the use of promotional codes or those provided as part of a third-party promotions). Promotions and promotional plans may be re-deemed as described in the specifics of the promotion and may be subject to additional or different terms. Unless otherwise expressly communicated to you in connection with your redemption, promo-tions and promotional plans are only available to new customers that have never had a TrainAway account before, are not transferable, can only be used once, cannot be redeemed for cash, and may not be combined with other offers and are void where prohibited. In order to be eligible for certain promotions, you must be signed up to use TrainAway
Duration and Termination
13	Duration and Termination
13.1	We may cancel or deactivate your account or otherwise terminate or restrict your access to TrainAway immediately and without notice, and remove and discard any Contributions or content if you commit a material breach of these Terms of Use.
13.2	We may at any time terminate your right to access and use TrainA-way for any reason and without liability. If we do so, your right to ac-cess your account immediately ceases. This can happen despite on-going subscriptions.
13.3	These Terms of Use may, with prior written notice, be terminated by both parties in the event of a material breach by the other party, provided that in each case of an alleged violation the non-breaching party (a) notifies the other Party in writing of the breach, and (b) the defaulting party does not stop the breach within a period of thirty (30) days (or such other period as mutually agreed between the par-ties) of the receipt of such notice, or (c) in case of the other party's insolvency, bankruptcy or similar.
13.4	In the event of termination you must immediately cease using TrainAway, delete TrainAway, and stop using the Services. On the ef-fective date of termination all of your rights under these Terms of Use shall cease.
13.5	Upon termination all amounts you have committed yourself to paying to us become due and payable, whether the amounts fall due before or after the date of termination. All fees are non-cancellable and non-refundable. In the event of termination of these Terms of Use, you are not entitled to any compensation from us.
Changes to these Terms of Use
14	Changes to these Terms of Use
14.1	We may amend the Terms of Use from time to time. Unless we pro-vide a delayed effective date, all amendments will be effective upon posting of such updated Terms of Use. Your continued access to or use of TrainAway after such posting constitutes your consent to be bound by the Terms of Use, as amended.
14.2	When using particular plans, offers, products, services or features, you will - in addition to these Terms of Use - also be subject to any additional posted guidelines or rules applicable to such plan, offer, product, service or feature, which may be posted and modified from time to time. All such additional terms are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use, provided that in the event of any conflict between such additional terms and the Terms of Use, the Terms of Use shall prevail.
No warranty
15	No warranty
15.1	You expressly acknowledge and agree that any use of TrainAway is at your sole risk and that the entire risk as to satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy and effort lies with you. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, TrainAway and any Services performed or provided by TrainAway are provided "as is" and “as available”, with all faults and without warranty of any kind, and we hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with respect to TrainAway and any services, either express, implied or statutory. No oral or written information or advice given by us or our authorized representative shall constitute a warranty.
15.2	We do not warrant that TrainAway will: achieve specific results; operate without interruption; display correct information about the User’s location and/or organization (since some information is received from third parties); be error free; be absolutely impenetrable for hackers willfully trying to gain access to your computer system; or fit a particular purpose.
Waiver and Release
16	Waiver and Release
16.1	You understand that TrainAway is not a gym or fitness studio or other service provider and the activities you use, classes you take or services you use are operated and delivered by the applicable Venue and not by us. Although we endeavour to offer inventory that is of high quality, we are not responsible for the quality of any class or service. You understand that there are certain inherent risks and dangers in exercising and that the classes you may attend offer a range of activity and intensity level. You acknowledge and agree, on behalf of yourself, your heirs, personal representatives and/or assigns that you are aware of these risks which include, but are not limited to, property damage, illness and bodily injury or death. You acknowledge that some of these risks cannot be eliminated and you specifically assume the risk of injury or harm. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to consult with your primary care physician prior to participating and to determine if and how participating in any class or service is appropriate for you. You also understand and agree that the Website offers health and fitness information that is designed for informational, educational and entertainment purposes only. The use of any of the information provided on the Website is solely at your own risk.
16.2	To the fullest extent permitted by law, you release us, indemnify us, and hold us, our parent, subsidiaries or affiliated entities, and each of ourrespective officers, directors, members, employees, consultants, contract employees, representatives and agents, and each of their respective successors and assigns, harmless from any and all responsibility, claims, actions, suits, procedures, costs, expenses, damages and liabilities arising out of or in any way related to your participation in or use of TrainAway, including with respect to bodily injury, physical harm, illness, death or property damage.
Indemnification - Hold Harmless
17	Indemnification - Hold Harmless.
17.1	You agree to indemnify and hold us, our affiliated companies, and our suppliers and partners harmless from any claims, losses, damages, liabilities, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your misuse of TrainAway, violation of these Terms of Use, violation of the rights of any other person or entity, or any breach of your representations, warranties, and covenants set forth in these Terms of Use.
Support
18	Support
18.1	TrainAway does not guarantee to provide support to you unless otherwise agreed, not even within the normal opening hours.
Third Party Services; Third Party Materials
19	Third Party Services; Third Party Materials
19.1	TrainAway may enable access to third party services and web sites (collectively and individually "Third Party Services"). Use of TrainAway may require your acceptance of the erms of use of such Third Party Services. TrainAway is not responsible or liable for any such Third Party Services.
19.2	You agree to use TrainAway at your sole risk and we shall not have any liability herefore.
19.3	TrainAway may display, include or make available content, data, information, applications or materials from third parties (“Third Party Materials”) or provide links to certain third party web sites. By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect of such Third Party Materials or web sites. Service Provider does not warrant or endorse and does not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person for any Third Party Services, Third Party Materials or web sites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third parties. Third Party Materials and links to other web sites are provided solely as a convenience to you.
19.4	You agree that TrainAway contains proprietary content, information and material that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws, including but not limited to copyright, and that TrainAway will not use such proprietary content, information or materials in any way whatsoever except for permitted use of TrainAway. No portion of TrainAway may be reproduced in any form or by any means. You agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on TrainAway, in any manner, and you shall not exploit TrainAway in any unauthorized way.
19.5	We make no representation that TrainAway is appropriate or available for use in any particular location. To the extent you choose to access TrainAway, you do so at your own initiative. We, and our licensors, reserve the right to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to TrainAway or part hereof at any time without notice. In no event will we be liable for the removal of or disabling of access to TrainAway. We may also impose limits on the use of or access to TrainAway, in any case and without notice or liability.
Limitation of Liability
20	Limitation of Liability
20.1	To the extent not prohibited by law, we shall in no event be liable for personal injury, or any incidental, special, indirect or consequential damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss or reconstruction of data, business interruption or any other commercial damages or losses, arising out of or related to your use or inability to use the licensed application, however caused, regardless of the theory of liability (contract, tort or otherwise) and even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
20.2	In no event shall our total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) exceed the amount of five hundred Danish Kroner (DKK 500).
20.3	The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.
Ownership
21	Ownership
21.1	Title to, ownership of, and all rights in the intellectual property in TrainAway, any derivative works thereof, and any goodwill accruing from the use of TrainAway, belong exclusively to and shall remain with Service Provider and/or its licensors.
21.2	If you help us with feedback, ideas or suggestions to TrainAway ("Feedback"), we can freely and without limitation use such Feedback.
Consumer Complaints
22	Consumer Complaints
22.1	If you experience errors or defects in TrainAway, please feel free to contact us at info@trainaway.fit so we can find a satisfactory solution.
22.2	If it is not possible to find a solution, we are subject to the Consumer Complaints Act of 1 October 2015, subject to the following alternative dispute settlement body:
Center for Complaint Resolution
Competition and Consumer Authority
Carl Jacobsen Vej 35
2500 Valby
22.3	Consumer complaints can be provided to the Center for Complaint Resolution through the Competition and Consumer Authority's website on klagonline.forbrug.dk.
Miscellaneous
23	Miscellaneous
23.1	Order of Precedence. These Terms of Use for using TrainAway govern your use of TrainAway and supersede all prior agreements.
23.2	Force majeure. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of these Terms of Use, neither Party will be liable for any action taken, or any failure to take any action required to be taken, in the event and to the extent that the taking of such action or such failure arises out of causes beyond a Party’s control, including, without limitation, war, civil commotion, act of God, strike or other stoppage (whether partial or total) of labour, any law, decree, regulation or order of any government or governmental body (including any court or tribunal).
23.3	Independent contractors. The Parties expressly agree that the relationship between them is that of you-independent contractor.
23.4	Your personal data. You agree that we may collect and use technical data and related information, including but not limited to technical information about your device, system and used applications, and peripherals that are gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of TrainAway, updates, support and other services to you (if any) related to the TrainAway. We may use this information, as long as it is in a form that does not personally identify you, to improve its products or to provide services or technologies to you.
If you transfer any personal data to us, then you represent that (i) you are duly authorized to provide personal data to us and do so lawfully in compliance with relevant legislation, (ii) we can process such data for the purposes of performing our obligations and (iii) we may disclose such data to any cooperating partner for this purpose and may transfer such data to countries outside of the country of origin.
TrainAway’s Privacy Policy is applicaple for TrainAway’s processing of your personal data. TrainAway’s Privacy Policy is available at trainaway.fit/privacypolicy
23.5	Applicable law and choice of venue. These Terms of Use are governed by Danish law, except for Danish international private law. Any dispute arising out of these Terms of Use, including their validity, shall be settled by the Court of Copenhagen. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to these Terms of Use.
Special Conditions
24	Special Requirements
Instructions & Conditions of Use at Fitness Time Centers
24.1 The required age to enter the center with its various locations is as follows: All Men’s and Ladies Clubs have a minimum age requirement of 16 years. Juniors from 6 to 16 years only boys.
24.2 The regulations, customs and traditions prevailing in Saudi Arabia and U.A.E must be respected and taken into consideration.
24.3 The Center has the full right to set or change the working times as deemed appropriate.
24.4 The lockers are only for use during Centre opening times when the user is present in the club, and the management is entitled to empty the contents of the lockers by breaking the lock at the end of the official working hours without incurring any liability as a result thereof.
24.5 The towels and slippers provided by the centers as services to the users in certain categories when entering are considered the user’s custody and should be returned before leaving the Center.
24.6 The user should not park his/her car in front of the center’s neighbors’ houses or the commercial shops nearby; and in all cases, Leejam Sports Company is not responsible for any damage that may affect the car or loss of any items from inside the car, whether inside or outside the club’s property line.
24.7 The user must disclose any health problems to the Coach before doing any physical activities, and the user assumes full responsibility in the event of his/her non-disclosure of any information on his health condition accurately.
24.8 The user must pay due care and attention to his own safety and the safety of others, and follow the instructions the coach during the workout; the company does not assume any responsibility relating to the occurrence of any injuries to the user or his/her loss of any personal belongings inside the center.
24.9 Prohibitions that should be avoided by the user:
24.9.1 Smoking is strictly prohibited inside the center and the playgrounds or on the stands, and it is also forbidden to bring in food and drinks.
24.9.2 It is not allowed to workout unless wearing full and appropriate exercise clothing including proper sports shoes. It is also forbidden to wear flippers, cotton t-shirts or shorts when using water areas (swimming pool, Jacuzzi, sauna, and steam), and it is also forbidden use the pool or the Jacuzzi before showering.
24.9.3 It is strictly forbidden to drop or throw weights in the Gym or to take them out of the Gym, all weights must be returned to their proper place after use in the Gym. Users must take due care and use all equipment with care and consideration. The user is fully responsible for damage to any equipment as a result of misuse.
24.9.4 Exercise during a power cut is not allowed. In the event of power loss, the member must stop exercising immediately and safely exit the workout area. Users are not permitted back into the Club or workout area until advised by the Centre Manager on Duty. This is for all members’ safety.
24.9.5 It is forbidden to pay any amounts or in-kind gifts to coaches or workers at the center, and the user bears sole responsibility for paying any amounts to coaches for any reason.
24.9.6 It is strictly forbidden to introduce or market hormones and steroids of different kinds at the center, and the coaches or workers of Fitness Time are not allowed to sell nutritional supplements such as proteins and others, and steroids such as growth hormones and others. In this case, the Center’s Management must be informed about the existence of this violation.
24.9.7 It is prohibited to bring visitors and children to the center.
24.9.8 It is prohibited to bring bags inside the gym.
24.9.9 The user is forbidden to access the staff accommodation.
24.9.10 No photography inside the center.
24.10 It is not allowed to engage in physical activity on the treadmills for those weighing over 150 kg, and it is replaced by running around the track, or as directed by the responsible coach.
24.11 The Fitness Time Company is entitled to photograph the center at any time and use these photos freely.
Declarations:
By purchasing a pass at a Fitness Time Center using TrainAway, users must confirm the following:
24.12 I do not suffer and have not been diagnosed from any heart condition that will restrict my physical activity.
24.13 I do not feel pain in my chest when performing any physical activity
24.14 When performing any physical activity in the last month, I have not experienced any chest pain.
24.15 I do not ever faint, get dizzy or lose balance.
24.16 I do not have any injury or orthopedic condition (such as a back, hip or knee problem) that may worsen due to a change in physical activity.
24.17 I do not have high blood pressure or a heart condition in which a physician is currently prescribing a medication.
24.18 I do not have insulin dependent diabetes.
24.19 I do not know of any other reason that would prevent me from exercising or increasing my physical activity.
24.20 I have not had any surgery in the last six months.
24.21 I do not have any skin disease (infectious or non-infectious).
24.22 I do not have any burns or skin deformation.
24.23 I have not been pregnant in the last six months.
Informed Consent for Physical activity
Through purchasing a pass to Fitness Time Centers through TrainAway, users make the following declaration:
I hereby voluntarily give consent to engage in physical activity and that I am responsible for monitoring my own health and physical condition throughout physical activity and should any unfortunate symptom occur, I will stop my participation and inform the trainer of the symptoms.
In consideration of being allowed to participate in the physical activity, I hereby state that I will not hold Leejam Sports Company, its employees and the club responsible for any health claims, suits, losses or damages arising out of my own gross negligence. I hereby give my consent to engage sports and physical activities without medical clearance.
Contact us
How can we help you?
SEND
Get in touch
We're not around right now, but drop us a line and we'll get back to you ASAP.
* indicates a required field
Name*
Required Asterisk
signifies that this field can not be left blank
Email*
Required Asterisk
signifies that this field can not be left blank
What can we help you with?*
Required Asterisk
signifies that this field can not be left blank
Send
powered
by
Olark Logo
Olark launch button clip path
Contact us