Folio
Automatic Baby Album Builder
Privacy Policy
​
Last Updated: October 17, 2018
​
Welcome to Folio
😀
YOUR PRIVACY IS IMPORTANT TO US. PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE USING THIS APP OR OTHER SERVICES THAT WE PROVIDE. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR APP OR OUR SERVICES (OTHER THAN TO READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE FIRST TIME), YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
​
Our Services enable parents and guardians to store, share, preserve, and organize information and media about their children’s’ lives, including personal information. We therefore take the privacy and security of personal information very seriously, so we prepared this Privacy Policy to inform you about the steps we take to protect the personal information we collect.
​
This Privacy Policy describes how Green Gables Studio, LLC. and our affiliates (collectively, “Folio”, “we”, or “us”) collects and uses the personal information we collect through our apps, websites, and servicers related to the Folio products and services (collectively, the “Services”). It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
​
Please read and review this Privacy Policy carefully.
​
By accessing or using the Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy and consent to the use of your personal information (including personal information about others that you provide to us) in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy, please do no access or use the Services and contact us in order to correct, amend, or delete any personal information we may have collected.
​
If you would like to contact us about our privacy practices, your rights with respect to the personal information we collect, or any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
greengablesstudio@gmail.com
​
These Terms of Service (together with all terms and conditions incorporated by reference, the “Terms”) govern use of all Green Gables Studio, LLC apps, websites, and services related to the Folio products and services (the “Services”) that are owned and operated by Green Gables Studio, LLC and our affiliates (collectively, “Folio”, “we”, or “us”).
​
Applicability of this Privacy Policy​
Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to personal information collected through the Services. We process it according to the following legal bases, as applicable: where we have your consent; where it is necessary for the performance of our contract with you (meaning our Terms of Service); and where we have a legitimate interest. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to (a) anonymous information, meaning information which does not relate to an identified or identifiable natural person or to personal information rendered anonymous in such a manner that the natural person to whom it relates is not or is no longer identifiable or (b) third-party websites or online services linked to the Services (“Third Party Linked Sites”). We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of any Third Party Linked Sites, and inclusion of a Third Party Linked Site does not imply an endorsement of any kind. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and learn the privacy practices of the entities responsible for Third Party Linked Sites.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Account Information – We may collect the following personal information from you that you provide to us, directly or indirectly (“Account Information”):
Contact information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number.
Billing information such as credit card number, and billing address.
Preferences information you provide such as product or content interests, or communication or marketing preferences.
Usage activity about how you interact with us such as purchase history, what content you viewed, and which areas of our site you visited.
Demographic information such as age, education, gender, interests, and zip code.
We may also collect information about you from third parties, such as when others give us your information (e.g., to invite you to use the Services), from data enrichment services (e.g., to better tailor our communications to you), or when you link your Account (as defined in the Terms of Service) to third party services (e.g., when you link your email account to upload your contacts). We will only use information collected from third parties for the specific reason for which it was provided to us and for no other purpose.
Device Information – we may also collect information collected automatically about your device and your usage of the Services (“Device Information”), such as IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system.
We use Account Information and Device Information we collect for the following purposes only:
Creating and administering your Account.
Providing you with the Services.
Improving and modifying the Services, such as by designing or customizing existing and future offerings to your preferences.
Tracking the performance of our Services and your usage of our Services, in order to improve our Services for your benefit.
Understanding how you and other users discovered our Services, including from advertisements for our Services that we show on third party websites, apps, mailing lists and other third party properties. This includes the ability to track if you and other users choose to purchase anything in our Services. (Please see the “Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies” section, below, for more information on this point.)
Processing and fulfilling your orders and requests.
Providing you with customer support or technical support, and responding to your requests and inquiries.
Communicating with you with respect to your access and use of the Services, including to send you order confirmations, requested information about products or services, updates on products and warranty information, and similar communications.
Sending you newsletters or other promotional or marketing communications, and monitoring the performance of our advertisements and marketing efforts.
Linking your Account with accounts you have with third-party service providers.
Securing the Services and our systems.
Sharing with third parties for the purposes discussed in “Disclosure to Third Parties”, below.
User Content – we may also collect personal information as part of User Content (as defined in our Terms of Service) you upload to the Services. Any User Content you upload must be done so in accordance with our Terms of Service. Given the nature of our Services, such personal information included within User Content may include (in addition to the categories of personal information described above) photographs, videos, audio, and other media files that may identify a child or children through their image or voice.
Your privacy is really important to us, and we never use User Content for marketing or advertising purposes. To the extent we use User Content for any reason, we take appropriate technical measures to ensure that only the minimal amount of personal information is used. Our use of User Content is strictly limited to the following cases:
to provide you with the Services (such as by associating specific User Content with your Account);
to ensure the safety and stability of the Services (such as by removing User Content that may be crashing our servers);
to train and improve our algorithms and models for purposes of improving the Services (such as by helping our Services better identify individuals in User Content), but only where you explicitly consent to this use;
to respond to your requests and inquiries (such as during a customer support inquiry).
Disclosure to Third Parties
We disclose personal information we collect to third parties only in the following cases:
You asked us to, or otherwise gave your specific consent.
With vendors we engage to provide you with aspects of the Services, such as facilitating communications with you and other users, maintaining our databases, improving our algorithms and models, and processing payments.
With vendors we engage to provide business analytics and insights, such as by helping us better understand how our users use the Services, how the Services are performing, how users discovered our Services, how our marketing efforts are performing and how they might be improved, and to better collect and analyze your feedback.
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request
As necessary if our company is involved in a merger, acquisition, reorganization, dissolution, sale of all or a portion of its assets or similar event; provided that, in such an event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information, to subsidiaries and affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Access and Control of Your Personal Information
You have many choices to access information we collect about you and about how we use or disclose that information. This section details many of those choices, including how you can exercise rights you may with respect to your information (including personally identifiable information), how you can opt out of collection and use of certain types of information for certain purposes (such as marketing), and how you can use your browser or third-party tools to disable certain collection methods (such as cookies or tracking technologies, discussed below).
You may access, correct, amend or delete any User Content you upload to the Services. You control all User Content you upload.
You may access, correct, amend or delete Account Information we have about you by logging into your account and navigating to your Account page, or by emailing us at
greengablesstudio@gmail.com
If you wish to cancel and delete your account, you may do so by following the instructions within the appropriate part of the Services. If you do, personal information associated with your Account will be deleted as soon as is reasonably practical or as required by applicable law. Please note that we may retain information that is otherwise deleted in archived or backup copies as required pursuant to records retention obligations or otherwise as required by law.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies (and How to Opt Out)
We may use technologies such as cookies, Web beacons, or scripts to gather Device Information that we will then use to learn how you and others interact with our Services. For example, we will know how many users access a specific areas or features within our site and which links or ads they clicked on, or we may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access the Services without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the site. We may use information collected this way for a variety of purposes, such as to understand and optimize how our Services are used, improve our marketing efforts, and provide content and features that are of interest to you.
Certain tracking technologies we use are related to advertising networks (such as Facebook), and their purpose is to help us monitor the efficacy of our own marketing efforts. Through those technologies we may share certain Device Information, but not User Content. Please note that the information we share with those advertising networks might be combined with other information, including personal information, about you that those networks may have collected from other sources. To learn more about advertising networks and how to opt out of sharing information with them, please click here and here.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies or to disable our use of tracking technologies, certain mobile devices allow you to change your settings with respect to such technologies. Please note that disabling cookies may render the Services unusable.
Please note that, if you continue to use the Services without blocking or disabling cookies or other tracking technologies, you hereby consent to our use of these tracking technologies and to our use of personal information that we collect through their use, if any, in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about how we our third parties with whom we contract use cookies or other tracking technologies, please contact us at
greengablesstudio@gmail.com
Children
Our Services enable parents and guardians of children to upload personal information about those children, including those under the age of 13. Though we collect personal information about children in this way, we do not knowingly collect any personal information from anyone under the age of 13. Our Services are not intended for, and we do not direct them to, anyone under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through the Services or otherwise use the Services. We encourage parents and guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Privacy Policy by instructing them never to provide personal information on the Services without their permission.
If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us through the Services, please contact us and we will take appropriate action to delete that information.
Security
We take data security very seriously, and protecting your information is important to us. We implement and maintain appropriate physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information and implement your privacy settings.
If you have any questions about the security we use to protect personal information, please contact us at
greengablesstudio@gmail.com
International Transfers (including Transfers Outside of the European Union)
We process and store information on servers located in the United States, and we may store information on servers and equipment in other countries depending on a variety of factors, including the locations of our users and service providers. By using the Services, you consent to the transfer of personal information to locations that may be outside of your country of residence, including the United States. You acknowledge and agree that, as a condition of providing any User Content, you can legally transfer it to the United State or another country.
With respect to transfers of information out of the European Union (EU), we may process some personally identifiable information pursuant to data processing agreements that include the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. To learn more about our data processing agreements, please contact us at
greengablesstudio@gmail.com
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and, when we do, we will update this page to the latest version of the Privacy Policy and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page. Any material changes will be communicated to you by email at the email address we have on file for your Account and by posting a notice of the change on our website.
Questions? Please email us at
greengablesstudio@gmail.com
​
​
Billing Terms
​
Last Updated: October 17, 2018
​
All payments made through iTunes are controlled and managed by Apple.
Payments will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.
Subscription automatically renews, unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal.
You may manage your subscriptions and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to your iTunes account settings after purchase.
Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited if you purchase a subscription to the publication, where applicable.