Appstronaut Studios
Gut Health
Mental Health
Broadcast Viewer
Wastelander
Contact
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to Appstronaut Studios. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Appstronaut Studios collects, and the ways in which Appstronaut Studios uses that personal information.
Information Collection
Appstronaut Studios Inc. may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
– Usage data.
Using Personal Information
Appstronaut Studios may use your personal information to:
– Improve the user experience of our apps.
Where Appstronaut Studios discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement and Canadian privacy laws.
In addition to the disclosures necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Appstronaut Studios may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise, or defend its legal rights.
Securing Your Data
Appstronaut Studios will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, or alteration of your personal information. This includes using secure servers and encryption where applicable.
Cross-Border Data Transfers
Information that Appstronaut Studios collects may be stored in and transferred between any of the countries in which Appstronaut Studios operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy. Appstronaut Studios ensures that any such transfer is made in compliance with Canadian privacy laws.
Your Consent
By using our services, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use our services.
Access and Correction of Personal Information
You have the right to access your personal information held by Appstronaut Studios and to request correction of any inaccuracies. To do so, please contact us using the information provided below.
Retention of Personal Information
Appstronaut Studios will retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by law.
Updating This Statement
Appstronaut Studios may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Contact Appstronaut Studios
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Appstronaut Studios’ treatment of your personal information, please reach us via our contact page.
Contact
|
Privacy Policy
© 2025 Appstronaut Studios