Privacy Policy
Clubforce Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
Clubforce as a trading name of Net Beo Teoranta (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy together with any other documents referred to in it and any other terms and conditions of use sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of Irish Data Protection legislation and GDPR, Clubforce, (previously MyClubFinances.com and LocalLotto.ie) acts as a Data Processor for our clients and as a Data Controller for this website. For more details on data protection, please read our data protection notice.
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our websites clubforce.com (and previously locallotto.ie and MyClubFinances.com). This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
Security
Personal information (such as name, address, telephone number, email address) is protected on a computerised system to ensure that loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration or destruction of this information is not probable. Sensitive information (such as credit card number, account number) is protected by secure server software. This secure software encrypts financial information provided online through the use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. We use
Global Payments
and
Stripe
systems to process our payments. It prevents anyone else reading your personal and sensitive information while your fee is being processed online. It is your responsibility to keep your password secure at all times to avoid unauthorised use of your Clubforce account.
Advertising
By using Clubforce online services and apps we may use information gathered from you, and information gathered from third parties, to provide our users with certain tailored advertising offerings through our website and other services. Clubforce may gather web viewing Personal Data from users across its various services, which may then be used by Clubforce and its service providers to deliver advertising to particular groups of users based on the preferences or interests inferred from the data collected and processed by Clubforce’s (or a third-party service provider’s) technology. For example, Clubforce uses cookies, web beacons, social plugins, tracking pixels and similar technologies to collect information from a mobile or other device (for further information on Clubforce’s use of cookies and other similar technologies please refer to the Cookie section of this policy). Should a user register for Clubforce sign-in and consent to receive marketing communications from Clubforce, Clubforce may then combine a user’s account information with this information collected by Clubforce, or third parties, about the user to assist Clubforce and its partners to provide advertising based on your preferences and viewing patterns. Clubforce may also measure what users opened and whether users clicked the links embedded in advertising communications to measure a campaign’s success. This may also be used to ensure effectiveness in delivery and to permit Clubforce to control the frequency of delivery of advertisements.
Refer to the Cookies Policy to see how to manage your setting.
Mobile App Data
By downloading and using the Clubforce app you grant certain permission(s) for the purpose of utilising the full functionality of the app. The full set of permissions used by the app are outlined below:
Android App
ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION: Used to predict your address when creating your Clubforce app account
ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION: Enables the Google Maps functionality on the Fixtures & Results section of the app
CAMERA: Allows for upload of files from your device to Document Wallet
.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE: Determines the amount of available storage on your device
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE: Allows the app to save information to your device storage (e.g. favourited clubs, stay logged in)
iOS App
NSLocationAlwaysAndWhenInUseUsageDescription
NSLocationAlwaysUsageDescription
NSLocationWhenInUseUsageDescription
NSCameraUsageDescription
NSAppleMusicUsageDescription(for files)
NSAppTransportSecurity
On iOS
Create Account
,
Edit Account
,
Fixtures and Results
uses Location permissions (first three listed). In Membership Webview the app uses camera and media permission to upload photo and files like take cheque picture or upload picture etc..
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on to your computer’s hard drive by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website. For more information, please consult our Cookies Policy.
Capturing session data
As part of our Service(s) offering, you (a Customer(s)) acknowledge and accept that we may utilise a (third party) software which may record your (Customer(s)) sessions on our systems, including mouse movement, scrolls, clicks, key presses and key strokes, for the purposes of gathering analytics and /or other information about how you (a Customer(s)) interface with our systems and / or Services, so as to enable us endeavour to enhance training, Customer support and platform improvements. Personal data is not captured and / or recorded as part of these sessions.
Where we store your personal data
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
Where you agree, we may also use your data, or permit selected third parties to use your data, to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we or they may contact you about these by post or telephone.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
At Clubforce we take your privacy and your information security very seriously. Clubforce will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. As a member of an organisation your personal details will be made available to the organization (This excludes bank account/credit card information). Clubforce declines all responsibility for the subsequent use of your personal information by the organisation. This organisation may contact you from time to time via email. The personal data provided is stored on our secure computerised database to enable us to respond to your requests. We may communicate with you in the future by mail, email and telephone.
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Clubforce or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use (if applicable) and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Clubforce, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Processing Club Data
We will process member data for our client clubs (Data Controllers) in line with their data usage statements in support of their functions, aims and obligations. Further, we may process anonymised sets of data on our system for system testing, training, statistical analysis, and marketing purposes.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You have the right to erasure, also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’, to request the deletion or removal of personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing. You can also exercise your rights at any time by contacting us at
dpo@clubforce.com
.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to
dpo@clubforce.com
Call 091 506048 for any queries or enquiries.