Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home
>
Privacy Policy
General
The application provides Virtual Private Networking (VPN) service and other internet privacy features. This Privacy Policy explains how user data is treated at the Application. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to any third-party websites, services, or applications that can be accessed through our services.
Our Application network is a no-log network. That means, except for the limited exceptions below, we do not collect any information transmitted through our network. More specifically, we do not collect any information regarding the websites you visit assigned to you when you access our Application Private Network, and with respect to our service, we do not collect any data stored on or transmitted from your device, including any data that applications on your device may transmit through our network.
Application customers data
Email address: We ask for your username and password as part of your registration. This ensures that we can communicate with you when we have exciting announcements to make, service updates to advise, or errors to report.
We will record your aggregate bandwidth usage for billing and network operations and support;
Since we manage a global network, your Internet traffic may be routed through one or more different countries.
Payment data: Although we encourage our users to pay for our service with cryptocurrency to give you the maximum level of security, for your convenience, we may offer other payment options which give you refund convenience.
Service performance data
Servers load. We monitor the server performance in order to recommend the most suitable servers to our customers.
Customer Support
We collect your email address and other contact information when you request customer support. We also collect information regarding your support request. This information is used to address your inquiry or service problem and to improve our service.
Security Measures We Take To Protect Your Information
We employ administrative, physical, and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, however, despite these efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will promptly notify you if your personal information has been compromised, as required by applicable law.
User data collection:
We are committed to protecting users’ privacy data, but in order to monitor the functionality and performance of the APP, we hired Google analytics tools to assist us in monitoring the operation of the APP.
Google Analytics can only track and analyze application data that is not personally identifiable. We will not provide these third parties with any personal information we collect about you.
You can learn about Google’s practices by visiting https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
In addition, our application will not share your IP address, browsing history, or any other information provided by your choice of our application with advertisers. Nonetheless, when advertising from our app, advertisers may be able to collect certain information independently of you or your device, including your device’s advertising ID, IMEI, MAC address, and wireless carrier. You can turn off advertising by upgrading your membership, which prevents advertisers from collecting your information.
For third Party Advertising information, please visit:
Vungle: https://vungle.com/privacy
AdMob: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. any information that is collected is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. If we make any material changes to this policy, we will notify you of such changes by posting them on our website, through our services, or by sending you an email or other notification, and we will indicate when such changes will become effective. By continuing to access or use our services after those changes become effective, you are agreeing to be bound by the revised policy.
Last Updated: June 18, 2022
Search
Search for:
Archives
March 2023