Meet Emi, your TeamLinkt AI Assistant.
Learn more.
Sports
Features
Solutions
Compare
Pricing
Resources
Log in
Sign up
Privacy Policy
QuickLinkt Solutions Inc. (DBA TeamLinkt) Privacy Policy
Date of Last Revision: August 21, 2023
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you create a user account on our website or within the TeamLinkt Smartphone App. When creating a user account, as appropriate, you may be asked  to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. We require this information to deliver our Services to you.
Your consent
By registering  with us or submitting personal data through our Services, you expressly  consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data in  accordance with this Privacy Policy. We will process your personal data  in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. When you  register with us, you are required to consent to our Privacy Policy.  This consent provides us with a legal basis under applicable law to  process your personal data. You maintain the right to withdraw such  consent at any time.
Data retention and security
The security of your information is important to us. We store  your information in TeamLinkt’s systems and we use industry standard  security precautions to protect it.
We will retain personal data collected for as long as required  to do what we say we will in this policy, unless a longer retention  period is required by law.  Typically we retain information submitted  for a team or group until it is deleted by the user or team/group  owner/manager so that it may be accessed for that team or group on an  ongoing basis (for example in the next sports season).
Data Security
TeamLinkt takes the security of your personal information  seriously and implements reasonable measures to protect against  unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of your  data. These measures include, but are not limited to, encryption,  firewalls, access controls, regular system audits, and employee  training. In the event of a data breach, TeamLinkt will promptly assess  the situation, take necessary steps to mitigate the impact, notify  affected individuals as required by applicable laws, and cooperate with  relevant authorities.  See policy.
Account and Data Deletion
If you wish to have your personal data deleted from our systems, you  have the right to request its removal. You can initiate this process by  contacting us at
help@teamlinkt.com
, or  you can self-initiate the action by visiting the profile section in our  website or within the TeamLinkt Smartphone App.  Deleting will remove  any identifiable account information and data from our servers and is  not recoverable.
Learn more about deleting your account.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold,  exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason  whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of  delivering the service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the  safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access  your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service  provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to  recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties  your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted  third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our  business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this  information confidential. We may also release your information when we  believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site  policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.  However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided  to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third  party products or services on our website. These third party sites have  separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no  responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these  linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site  and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary  precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy  Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal  information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens  Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from  anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all  directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing  the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of  our website at https://teamlinkt.com/terms.php
Your Consent
By using our Service, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.teamlinkt.com
229, 116 Research Drive
Saskatoon, SK S7N 3R3
Canada
info@quicklinkt.com
Sports
Ball Hockey
Baseball
Basketball
Cheerleading
Cricket
Dance
E-Sports
Football
Gymnastics
Hockey
Sports
Lacrosse
Martial Arts
Multi-sport
Non-Sports
Rugby
Slo-Pitch
Soccer
Softball
Swimming
Volleyball
Features
Registration
Website Builder
Team App
Scheduling
Gamesheets
Solutions
For National Organizations
For Local Organizations
For Teams
For Individuals
Compare
SportsEngine
TeamSnap
Goalline
Ramp Interactive
StackSports
LeagueApps
Company
About Us
Testimonials
For Brands
Help Center
Blog
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Data Security
AI Terms of Use
All rights reserved by TeamLinkt / QuickLinkt Solutions Inc.
Copyright © 2024