Privacy Policy for 5K Run
Last updated: 12 of March 2024
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at 5K Run. We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us through the app form
When you use our mobile application, as the case may be (the "App"), we appreciate that you are trusting us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy policy, we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Apps and our services.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our mobile application, "5K Run", and/or any related services, sales, marketing, or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the "Services").
1. Information We Do Not Collect
We do not collect any personal information from you when you use our App. Personal information refers to any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual. Since we do not collect personal information, the following data processing activities do not apply to our App.
2. Information Collected Through Our App
While we do not collect personal data, our App uses third-party analytics services that may collect information used to identify you. This data is used solely for analytics purposes and is not linked to any personal information that can identify you as an individual.
3. How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our App.
Improve our App and your experience with it.
4. Privacy Policy Updates
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.