Privacy Policy
Last revised January 11th, 2024
Commitment to Privacy
Wireless Sensor Technologies, Inc. (“WST”), a Delaware corporation, is the owner and operator of gototags.com and store.gototags.com (“Site”). For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the terms gototags.com”, “we”, “us” and “our” shall refer to WST and affiliates.
This Privacy Policy is intended to assist you in understanding what kind of information we collect in connection with our products and services and how we process such information. We value our customers and respect your privacy.
If our information practices change, we will post an updated policy on our website. You can tell if the policy has changed by checking the revision date that appears above. If we change the policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you. You may exercise your choices about how we collect and use your information consistent with this policy at any time.
Information Collection and Use
WST is the sole owner of information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to any outside parties, except as outlined in this policy. We may use information we collect from our customers in the following ways:
To process and fulfill your order, including to send you emails to confirm your order status and shipment
To communicate with you and to send you information by email, postal mail, telephone, text message, or other means about our products, services, and promotions, unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications
To help us learn more about your shopping preferences
To help us address problems with and improve our site design, products and services
To enhance your shopping experience
To analyze trends and statistics
To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business
To contact you if necessary
Information collected includes your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, and payment information such as your credit card number. We maintain a record of your product interests and the purchases you make online or by phone. We also require you to submit a username and password of your choice for your future access to your account information.
If you elect to receive our newsletter or special promotions, your contact information will be used for the delivery of these items. You always have the choice not to receive marketing information or calls. For instructions on opting out, please see the section entitled “Special Offers/Opt-Out” below.
Ordering
Most of the information collected will be used to process orders. During the order process, you will have to provide financial information such as your credit card number, expiration date, money order, wire transfer or check information. This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this contact information to get in touch with you. To properly process your credit card information, we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval. This process is protected by an enhanced security system. See the “Security” section below for more details on security measures. We do not share your personal and financial information with any third parties, except those specified in the “Sharing” section of this policy.
Cookies
Our websites use cookies, which are small data files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies enable you to shop on our Sites and may be used in a variety of ways to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping experience. For example, we may use cookies to enable you to use certain website features, remember the items in your shopping cart, store your preferences, recognize you when you return to our website, track your orders, and monitor and maintain information about your use of our Sites. You can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it. If you do not accept cookies, however, you will not be able to access your account information or make purchases on our websites.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information, and we do not distribute or share IP information with any third parties.
Sharing
We may employ third party companies to perform functions on our behalf. These functions may include order fulfillment, package delivery, marketing assistance, postal and e-mail delivery, customer service, data analysis, and credit processing. The third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes.
As our business continues to evolve, we may acquire or sell business units or subsidiaries. Customer information is one of the business assets that would be transferred in these types of transactions. In such a situation, your personally identifiable information would only be used in a manner consistent with our pre-existing Privacy Notice.
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
Children
WST is concerned about the privacy and safety of children when they use the Internet. We will never knowingly request personally identifiable information online from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. Our websites are general audience sites and are not targeted to or intended for use by children.
Links
This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that WST is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website.
Security
We do our best to provide you with a safe and convenient shopping experience. We have in place certain physical, electronic, contractual, and managerial safeguards to protect the security and privacy of your personal information.
When you enter your personal information on our websites, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect your information as it is transmitted to us. To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information, look at the URL or Location line of your browser. If you have accessed a secure server, the first characters of the address in that line should change from “http” to “https.”
If for any reason you cannot access the secure server, or if you’re not quite comfortable shopping online, please feel free to place your order with us by telephone. If you have any questions or concerns about security practices, you can send us an email at admin@gototags.com.
Correction/Updating/Reviewing Personal Information
You can review and change certain personal information related to your use of our online sites (such as your name and contact information). To access your information at a website, simply sign in to your account using your username and password, and you will be able to edit your personal information in your account profile. In the event you forget both your username and password, please contact our customer service department for assistance.
Please note that any request to update your personal information may take up to 10 days for your email request and 6-8 weeks for your postal mail request.
Special Offers, Opt-Out
Our special offers are sent only to customers who grant permission to send them such information.
For customers who wish to opt-out and stop receiving special offers and related news, WST provides several ways to do so. Customers who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by un-checking the “permission to send” field when processing their orders. They may also send e-mails to with a request to be removed. Finally, they may use the link provided in all communications to automatically unsubscribe.
If you change your mind, you can start receiving promotional communications from us again by logging into your online account and changing your preferences.
Please note that when you make an online purchase from us, we will continue to confirm your order status and shipment by email. We may also need to contact you via telephone, email or postal mail with questions or information regarding your order.
Contact Information
For questions about our privacy policy, to make choices about receiving promotional communications, to update your personal information, or to place an order, you can contact any of our by email, telephone, or postal mail.