Privacy policy
Terms of Use
Imprint
Privacy
Click the button below to update or withdraw your previous authorization for the use of your personal data.
Click here to revoke
1. Preamble
Welcome to our website! We place great importance upon the protection of your data and
                                    the protection of your privacy. Following, we want to describe which data we process
                                    when, for what purpose, and on which legal basis. With this, we want to explain to you
                                    how our services work and how the protection of your personal data is guaranteed.
According to art. 4 para. 1 DSGVO, personal data includes all information relating to an
                                    identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person is one who can
                                    be identified directly or indirectly. More information can be found, among others, in
                                    art. 4 para. 1 DSGVO.
This privacy policy can be retrieved, saved and printed at any time at
https://www.online-convert.com/privacy
.
If we cite our legitimate interest or the legitimate interest of a third party (art. 6
                                    para. 1 lit. f) DSGVO) as the legal basis for the processing of personal data, you have
                                    the
right of objection
under art. 21 DSGVO:
Under art. 21 DSGVO you have the right to
object to the processing of personal data at any time. We will then no longer
                                        process personal data for the purpose of direct marketing or any related
                                        profiling.
We also do not process your personal data for other purposes after an objection,
                                        unless we can provide compelling reasons worthy of protection for the processing,
                                        which outweigh your interests, rights, and freedoms or if the processing serves the
                                        assertion, exertion or defense of legal claims (cf. Art. 21 para. 1 DSGVO, so-called
                                        “restricted right of objection”). In this case, you must state the grounds for your
                                        objection which result from your specific situation.
You can also object the processing of your personal data for reasons that arise
                                        from your specific situation, after they had been processed for scientific or
                                        historical research purposes or for statistical purposes in accordance with art. 89
                                        para. 1 DSGVO, unless the processing is necessary for performing a task in the
                                        public interest (cf. Art. 21 para. 6 DSGVO).
In the individual sections, we will also point out the right of objection to you
                                    separately (e.g. by using the note: “
You have the right of objection
”)
                                    if this right exists. There, you will also find further information on how to exercise
                                    your right of objection.
In order to keep the following privacy policy clear, we refer to information and data
                                    privacy statements on external websites in various places by using links (cf. section
                                    “Social Networks & External Links” in this privacy policy). We strive to keep the links
                                    listed in this privacy policy up to date. Nevertheless, due to the constant updating of
                                    the linked websites, it cannot be excluded that some links do not work properly. If you
                                    notice such a link, we would be pleased if you could inform us so that we can insert the
                                    current link.
2. Person in charge
The person in charge of the processing of personal Data within the meaning of
                                            art. 4 para. 7 DSGVO is:
QaamGo Media GmbH
Hohenstaufenring 62
50674 Köln
Germany
3. Contact person for data privacy
If you have any questions regarding the processing of your personal data, as well
                                            as your rights regarding data privacy, please contact:
Jens Bierkandt
E-Mail: time2help@online-convert.com
4. Log-Files
Every time you visit our website, we automatically collect data and information
                                            from your device’s system and save them in so-called server-log-files. This data
                                            contains information that relate to the identified or identifiable person (here:
                                            website visitor). The data is transferred automatically by your respective
                                            browser when you visit our website. This includes the following information:
The time when our website was accessed (request to the server of the host
                                                provider),
URL of the website from which you accessed our website,
the operating system you are using,
type and version of the browser you are using,
IP address of your computer.
The purpose of this processing is the accessibility of our website from your
                                            device, and the enabling of a correct display of our website on our device or in
                                            your browser. Furthermore, our data is used to optimize our website and ensure
                                            the security of our systems. An evaluation of this data for the purpose of
                                            marketing does not take place.
The legal basis for the processing is art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) DSGVO. We have a
                                            legitimate interest in providing you with a website that is optimized for your
                                            browser and in enabling the communication between our server and your device.
                                            For the latter, the processing of your IP address is particularly necessary.
The data is stored on our side for 7 days.
The recipient of the data is our server host, who works for us in the scope of a
                                            data processing agreement. The servers are located in Europe exclusively.
Right of objection
You have the right to object.
You can inform us about or send
                                            your objection at any time (e.g. via e-mail to time2help@online-convert.com.
The provision of personal data is neither required by law nor by contract, and it
                                            is not necessary for the conclusion of a contract. You are also not obliged to
                                            provide personal data. However, the lack of provision may result in you not
                                            being able to use our website entirely or to its full extent.
5. Cookies
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored on your device,
                                            e.g., to make the use of a website more convenient or to recognize the device of
                                            a user and to save settings or similar. In cookies, entries and settings on a
                                            website can be saved so that you do not have to enter them each time you visit a
                                            website. Cookies contain a so-called cookie ID, which makes an identification of
                                            the device the cookie is saved on possible. In detail, we use the following
                                            cookies:
Cookies that contain a randomly generated, concrete identification number
                                                which makes you or your device identifiable during your visit to our
                                                website. These cookies are automatically deleted at the end of your visit.
Cookies that contain a randomly generated, concrete identification number
                                                which makes you or your device identifiable on our website. On the basis of
                                                these cookies, the association of your session is stored. These cookies are
                                                automatically deleted after one year.
Cookies that store key-value-pairs. On the basis of those, settings which
                                                you made on our website before, are stored. Among others, this includes your
                                                selected language or options used to convert your files. These cookies are
                                                automatically deleted after one year.
The purpose of this processing is to make the use of our website convenient for
                                            you and to offer you the opportunity to save your settings.
The legal basis for the processing is art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) DSGVO. We have a
                                            legitimate interest in providing you with a website that stores your personal
                                            preferences and facilitates your visit on our website.
Right of objection
You have the right to object.
In your browser settings you can restrict or completely prevent the use of
                                            cookies. You can also prompt the automatic deletion of cookies when a browser
                                            window is closed.
You can find out how to delete and change the cookie settings of the most common
                                            browsers here:
Google Chrome:
Website
Mozilla Firefox:
Website
Apple Safari:
Website
Microsoft Internet Explorer:
Website
The provision of personal data is neither required by law nor by contract, and it
                                            is not necessary for the conclusion of a contract. You are also not obliged to
                                            provide personal data. However, the lack of provision may result in you not
                                            being able to use our website entirely or to its full extent.
Other services used by us also use cookies. We point out the use of cookies with
                                            regard to individual services separately.
6. Information about Google services
On our website we use various services of Google LLC ("Google"), 1600
                                            Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
More detailed information about the specific Google services we use on our
                                            website can be found following in this privacy policy.
By integrating Google services, Google may collect and process information
                                            (including personal data) about you. It cannot be excluded that Google may also
                                            transfer the information to a server in a third country.
As stated in Google’s Privacy Shield certification (you can find it under
                                            https://www.privacyshield.gov/list by searching for “Google”), Google committed
                                            to comply to the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield
                                            Framework for the collection, usage, and storage of personal data from EU or
                                            Swiss member states. Google, including Google LLC and its wholly-owned
                                            subsidiaries in the USA, has stated via certification to comply to the Privacy
                                            Shield principles. Further information can be found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy/frameworks?gl=en
.
We ourselves cannot influence which data is collected and processed by Google.
                                            However, Google states that, among others, the following information (including
                                            personal data) might be processed:
Protocol data (especially the IP address)
Location-related information
Unique application numbers
Cookies and similar technologies
Information about the types of cookies Google uses can be found at
https://policies.google.com/technologies/types
.
If you are signed in using your Google account, Google may add the processed
                                            information to your account and treat it like personal data, depending on your
                                            account settings. To do so, Google does, among others, the following:
„When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we
                                                collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device
                                                you’re using. This helps us do things like maintain your language
                                                preferences across browsing sessions.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your
                                                Google Account, which we treat as personal information.“ (
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
)
A direct addition of this data can be prevented by logging out of your Google
                                            account or by adjusting the appropriate account settings in your Google account.
                                            Furthermore, you can prevent the installation of cookies – if Google sets them –
                                            by using the appropriate settings in your browser; however we would like to
                                            point out that, in this case, you may not be able to use all functions of this
                                            website to their full extent.
You can find out how to delete the cookies in the most common browsers here:
Google Chrome:
Website
Mozilla Firefox:
Website
Apple Safari:
Website
Microsoft Internet Explorer:
Website
Further information can be found in Google’s privacy policy, which can be found
                                            here:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Information about Google’s privacy settings can be found at
https://privacy.google.com/take-control.html
.
Online-Convert's use and transfer to any other app of information received from
                                        Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
7. Usage of Google Analytics
On our website we use Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google
                                            Inc. („Google“), 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, which are text files that are saved on
                                            your device and that enabled the website to conduct an analysis of the websites
                                            you visited. Google Analytics may also use so-called web beacons (invisible
                                            graphics). Via these web beacons, information such as the visitor traffic on a
                                            website can be evaluated. The information about the usage of our website
                                            (including the IP address of the users) generated by cookies and web beacons are
                                            transmitted to and stored by a Google server that might be located in the USA or
                                            other third countries. This information might be shared by Google with Google’s
                                            contract partners.
Information
on Google’s existing Privacy Shield certification
                                            and other relevant data relating to Google’s processing of data in the scope of
                                            using Google services can be found in this data processing declaration in
                                            paragraph “
6) Information about Google services”
.
The following types of data is processed by Google:
Online identifiers (including cookie identifiers)
IP address
Device identifiers
In addition, you can find more detailed information about the processed
                                            information at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en#infocollect
under “Information Google collects”, as well as at
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/adsservices/
.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization enabled (“anonymize IP”). This
                                            results in the shortening of your IP address by Google within member states of
                                            the European Union or other states that are part of the Agreement on the
                                            European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is
                                            transmitted to one of Google’s servers in the USA and shortened there.
Furthermore, we concluded a contract of order processing with Google for the use
                                            of Google Analytics (art. 28 DSGVO). Google processes the data on our behalf in
                                            order to evaluate your usage of the website, to compile reports about the
                                            website activity for us, and to provide us with further services relating to
                                            website and internet usage. Google might transfer this information to third
                                            parties when required by law or if third parties process this data on Google’s
                                            behalf.
By integrating Google Analytics, we pursue the purpose of analyzing the user
                                            behavior on our website and being able to react to it. This enables us to
                                            continuously improve our offer.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data described here is art. 6
                                            para. 1 lit f) DSGVO. Our legitimate interest for this is the great benefit for
                                            our offer that is provided by the functions described above. The statistical
                                            evaluation of the user behavior enables us to react and optimize our offers
                                            according to the interests of our customers in particular.
Within the scope of order processing, Google is entitled to commission
                                            subcontractors. You can find a list of these subcontractors under
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/subprocessors/
.
Right of objection
You have the right to
                                                    object.
To do so, you can prevent the processing of your data
                                                by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under
                                                the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
You can also prevent the acquisition by Google Analytics by clicking on the
                                                following link. An opt-out cookie is set, which prevents the future
                                                acquisition of your data when visiting this website:
Deactivate Google Analytics
Furthermore, you can change your cookie preferences (e.g. deleting cookies,
                                                blocking cookies, etc.). More information about this can be found under
                                                “
5) Cookies
”.
The processed information is stored for 26 months and will be deleted
                                            automatically at the end of this period.
The provision of personal data is neither required by law nor by contract, and it
                                            is not necessary for the conclusion of a contract. You are also not obliged to
                                            provide personal data. However, the lack of provision may result in you not
                                            being able to use our website entirely or to its full extent.
8. Usage of DoubleClick by Google (Google Ad Manager)
This website uses Google Ad Manager, a web analysis service provided by Google
                                            Inc. („Google“), 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
DoubleClick For Publishers uses so-called “cookies”, which are text files that
                                            are saved on your device and that enabled the website to conduct an analysis of
                                            the websites you visited. Furthermore, DoubleClick For Publishers uses so-called
                                            web beacons, small pixels or graphics. The information generated by the cookies,
                                            if applicable in conjunction with the web beacons, about the use of this website
                                            (including the IP address of the users) are transmitted to and stored by a
                                            Google server that might be located in the USA or other third countries.
Information
on Google’s
                                            existing Privacy Shield certification and other relevant data relating to
                                            Google’s processing of data in the scope of using Google services can be found
                                            in this privacy policy under paragraph “
6) Information about Google
                                                services
”.
The cookies might also contain so-called cookie IDs. They are individual
                                            character sequences that serve the attribution of the cookies. They can be used
                                            to, e.g., record so-called “conversions”. These allow to determine to what
                                            extend subsequent browser activities show relations to ads, for example, if a
                                            purchase was made from same browser on which a corresponding ad was placed.
The cookies set by DoubleClick For Publishers serve the purpose of analyzing the
                                            user behavior for marketing purposes, for example, to place relevant ads and to
                                            evaluate the success of the ad campaigns.
The data processed by us in the scope of DoubleClick For Publishers are also
                                            processed by Google as an additional responsible party. The details are
                                            regulated at
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/controllerterms/
and can be viewed there by you.
By integrating DoubleClick For Publishers, we pursue the purpose to reach our
                                            users in the best possible way with our advertisements, to portray user
                                            behavior, and to enable us to react to user behavior, as well as to analyze user
                                            behavior for marketing purposes, to, for example, place relevant ads for you and
                                            to evaluate the success of advertising campaigns.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data described here is art. 6
                                            para. 1. lit. f) DSGVO. Our legitimate interest for this is the great benefit
                                            for our offer that is provided by the functions described above. Through
                                            optimized advertising campaigns, we reduce our divergence loss and improve the
                                            reach of our advertising media. Further, Google has a legitimate interest in the
                                            processed (personal) data in order to improve their own services.
Right of objection
You have the right to object.
You have the possibility to disable the setting of DoubleClick cookies. All
                                                you need to do is click on this opt-out link to place a DoubleClick
                                                deactivation cookie in your browser.
Furthermore, you can change your settings for personalized advertising at
https://adssettings.google.com
and set the corresponding opt-out cookies.
Also, you can change your cookie preferences (e.g. deleting cookies, blocking
                                                cookies, etc.). More information about this can be found under “
5)
                                                    Cookies
”.
The processed information are stored for as long as they are necessary for the
                                            intended purpose or for as long as it is legally required.
The provision of personal data is neither required by law nor by contract, and it
                                            is not necessary for the conclusion of a contract. You are also not obliged to
                                            provide personal data. However, the lack of provision may result in you not
                                            being able to use our website entirely or to its full extent.
9. Usage of Google AdSense
On our website, we also use the functions of the online advertising service
                                            Google AdSense. Google AdSense is a service of Google Inc. ("Google"), 1600
                                            Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google AdSense is a Google service that displays Google advertisements from
                                            advertisers on third-party websites. By integrating Google AdSense we provide
                                            Google with appropriate advertising space o our website.
Google AdSense uses so-called “cookies”, which are text files that are saved on
                                            your device and that enabled the website to conduct an analysis of the websites
                                            you visited. Google AdSense may also use so-called web beacons (invisible
                                            graphics). Via these web beacons, information such as the visitor traffic on the
                                            pages of this offer can be evaluated. The information generated by cookies and
                                            web beacons about the usage of our website (including your IP address) and the
                                            delivery of advertising formats will be transmitted to and stored by a Google
                                            server that might be located in the USA or other third countries. This way,
                                            Google can reconstruct on which websites the usage of advertising media took
                                            place in order to be able to allocate a commission to the website operator.
Information
on Google’s
                                            existing Privacy Shield certification and other relevant data relating to
                                            Google’s processing of data in the scope of using Google services can be found
                                            in this privacy policy under paragraph “
6) Information about Google
                                                services
”.
Through the integration of Google AdSense, we pursue the purpose of being able to
                                            offer you interest-based advertisements, and to be able to finance our offer
                                            through the successful use of advertising media. For this, we are using the
                                            option “contextual-only advertisements” from Google AdSense. This means that
                                            Google will broadcast advertisements based on the content of our website and not
                                            on the interest profile created by you. Therefore, an analysis of your data for
                                            the purpose of profiling does not take place here. However, Google also uses
                                            cookies and web beacons in the scope of the “contextual-only advertisements” to
                                            prevent abuse, compile statistics, and prevent multiple visits.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data described here is art. 6
                                            para. 1. lit. f) DSGVO. Our legitimate interest for this is the great benefit
                                            for our offer that is provided by the functions described above. We have a
                                            legitimate interest in presenting you with contextual advertisement on our
                                            website in order to achieve the highest possible success rate of the advertising
                                            media.
The data will only be stored as long as it is necessary for the provision of this
                                            function. You can find the Google Advertisment Privacy Policy here:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Right of objection
You have the right to
                                                    object.
To do so, you can decide to disable all the Google Advertisement Cookies by
                                                clicking on:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/optout
In addition, you have the possibility to deactivate the interest-based ads
                                                from Google according to the instructions in the following link:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
Furthermore, you can change your cookie preferences (e.g. deleting cookies,
                                                blocking cookies, etc.). More information about this can be found under “5.
                                                Cookies”.
The provision of personal data is neither required by law nor by contract, and it
                                            is not necessary for the conclusion of a contract. You are also not obliged to
                                            provide personal data. However, the lack of provision may result in you not
                                            being able to use our website entirely or to its full extent.
10. Usage of Google reCAPTCHA
This website uses Google reCAPTCHA (hereinafter reCAPTCHA), a captcha service of
                                            Google Inc. („Google“), 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043,
                                            USA.
Google reCAPTCHA serves to ensure that entries made on our website are actually
                                            made by real persons and not automated, e.g., via software (so-called
                                            robots).
For this purpose, reCAPTCHA (No CAPTCHA reCAPTCHA) displays a clickable checkbox
                                            “I’m not a robot” to you. To do so, reCAPTCHA analyzes the behavior of a user as
                                            soon as they visit the website based on different characteristics. If necessary,
                                            you will also be shown various images after clicking on the checkbox, which you
                                            have to assign to a given image subject by clicking on the relevant images.
The integration of reCAPTCHA takes place via an interface (“API”) to the Google
                                            services. By integrating reCAPTCHA, Google may collect and process information
                                            (including personal data). It can not be ruled out that Google also transfers
                                            the information to a server in a third country.
reCAPTCHA uses so-called “cookies”, which are text files that are saved on your
                                            device and that enabled the website to conduct an analysis of the websites you
                                            visited. Furthermore, reCAPTCHA also uses so-called web beacons, small pixels or
                                            graphics. The information generated by cookies, possibly in conjunction with the
                                            web beacons, about the usage of our website (including your IP address) will be
                                            transmitted to and stored by a Google server that might be located in the USA or
                                            other third countries.
Information
on Google’s
                                            existing Privacy Shield certification and other relevant data relating to
                                            Google’s processing of data in the scope of using Google services can be found
                                            in this privacy policy under paragraph “
6) Information about Google
                                                services
”.
More information about how reCAPTCHA works can be found at:
https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/
Via the integration of reCAPTCHA, we pursue the purpose of determining whether
                                            inputs on our website are made by a real person or a bot.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data described here is art. 6
                                            para. 1. lit. f) DSGVO. Our legitimate interest for this is the great benefit
                                            for our offer that is provided by the functions described above. The automated
                                            check of whether a real person or a bot is making an entry accelerates and
                                            facilitates our workload and improves the level of reliability of the entries
                                            made. Furthermore, it prevents misuse. In addition, Google has a legitimate
                                            interest in the collected (personal) data in order to improve its own
                                            services.
Right of objection
You have the right to object.
Furthermore, you can change your cookie preferences (e.g. deleting cookies,
                                                blocking cookies, etc.). More information about this can be found under
                                                “
5) Cookies
”.
The processed information will only be stored as long as it is necessary for the
                                            purpose it was processed for.
The provision of personal data is neither required by law nor by contract, and it
                                            is not necessary for the conclusion of a contract. You are also not obliged to
                                            provide personal data. However, the lack of provision may result in you not
                                            being able to use our website entirely or to its full extent.
11. Web analysis tool Matomo
On our website, we use the open-source software Matomo (formerly PIWIK). Matomo
                                            is offered by Matomo.org. It is provided primarily by InnoCraft Ltd., 150 Willis
                                            St, 6011 Wellington, New Zealand.
Matomo is a web analysis tool which serves the analysis and evaluation of our
                                            website and its users. In particular, we utilize Matomo to log and analyze the
                                            surfing behavior of the users of our website.
Matomo is exclusively executed on our servers (within the scope of our hosting
                                            contracts, we have concluded an SDV with the web hoster, so that all processing
                                            of data is exclusively bound by instructions and processed on our behalf only),
                                            so that the data is not disclosed to third parties, and the data processing
                                            takes place on our servers (in Europe) exclusively.
The integration of Matomo takes place on our website by loading an appropriate
                                            java script and an image tracker. Likewise, Matomo sets a cookie to identify
                                            your device.
In the context of the usage of or the call to our website, including all our
                                            single pages and sub-pages, the following data is processed by us in
                                            particular:
One byte of the IP address of the calling system of the user
The accessed website
The website from which the user accessed the called website (referrer)
The sub-pages called from the called website
The time spent on the website
We use Matomo with the default settings. You can find out which data is
                                                processed at
https://matomo.org/faq/general/faq_18254/
.
You can find more information on how Matomo functions at
https://matomo.org/why-matomo/
and
https://matomo.org/docs/
The purpose of processing the personal data is to analyze and evaluate the
                                            surfing behavior of our users. This way, we can continuously improve our
                                            offer.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data described here is art. 6
                                            para. 1. lit. f) DSGVO. Our legitimate interest for this is the great benefit
                                            for our offer that is provided by the functions described above. The statistic
                                            evaluation of the user behavior enables us, in particular, to react and optimize
                                            our offer in best interest of our users.
Right of objection
You have the right to object.
You can deactivate Matomo any time using the dedicated button. Further
                                                processing of this data is stopped by this. If you deactivate Matomo using
                                                the dedicated button, the deactivation is carried out by setting an
                                                additional cookie. However, Matomo will be used again if this cookie is
                                                deleted.
Furthermore, you can change your cookie preferences (e.g. deleting cookies,
                                                blocking cookies, etc.). More information about this can be found under
                                                “
5) Cookies
”.
The processed information will be stored for 26 months and automatically deleted
                                            after the end of this period.
For further information on data handling in connection with Matomo, please refer
                                            to Matomo’s privacy policy:
https://matomo.org/privacy-policy/
.
Information about Matomo’s privacy settings can be found at
https://matomo.org/docs/privacy/
.
The provision of personal data is neither required by law nor by contract, and it
                                            is not necessary for the conclusion of a contract. You are also not obliged to
                                            provide personal data. However, the lack of provision may result in you not
                                            being able to use our website entirely or to its full extent.
12. Use of our services
When you use our service, we process different information, including personal
                                            data. If you upload a file to our service in order to convert it, the data will
                                            be processed by us. In addition to the data you provide as a file, we process
                                            the following data of yours during uploading and conversion:
IP address
date and time
The link to download the generated file is generated randomly and cannot be
                                            guessed. The generated file can be downloaded a maximum of 10 times. Access is
                                            automatically blocked after 24 hours, optionally also immediately. At the
                                            latest, the files are physically deleted after 72 hours, no backups are
                                            made.
The purpose of the processing of the data provided by you is to make our
                                            conversion function available for you. The purpose of collecting and processing
                                            additional data during the conversion (e.g. IP address) is to enable us to prove
                                            any misuse of our service and to record the conversion.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data in the context of the
                                            conversion is art. 6 para. 1. lit. b) DSGVO.
The legal basis for the processing of other personal data (e.g. IP address) is
                                            art. 6 para. 1. lit. f) DSGVO. Our legitimate interest for this is to be able to
                                            track and prevent misuse of our service. The other data (in particular the IP
                                            address) is deleted as soon as they are not longer required for the purpose of
                                            their acquisition.
The recipient of the data is our server host, who works with us within the scope
                                            of a data processing agreement. The servers are located exclusively in
                                            Europe.
The provision of personal data is neither required by law nor by contract, and it
                                            is not necessary for the conclusion of a contract. You are also not obliged to
                                            provide personal data. However, the lack of provision may result in you not
                                            being able to use our website entirely or to its full extent.
13. Registration & use of paid services
You have the possibility of creating a user account with us. The data that has to
                                            be provided by you and which is processed by us result from the registration
                                            form. This, in particular, includes your first name, last name, and e-mail
                                            address.
When sending the message, the following data is also processed:
Your IP address
Date and time of sending
After registration, we will send you an e-mail containing a link for the double
                                            opt-in procedure. This will activate your account. The date of this activation
                                            is also saved.
The purpose of the processing is to provide you with a user account that you can
                                            later use for transactions on our site. Furthermore, you can view your purchases
                                            in your user account.
The other personal data processed during the sending of the registration (IP
                                            address, date and time of sending) serve to prevent misuse, and to document the
                                            awareness of our privacy policy.
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest according to art. 6
                                            para. 1. lit. f) DSGVO. We have a legitimate interest in providing you with a
                                            user account to make our service more convenient and your shopping experience
                                            with us more pleasant. Furthermore, we have legitimate interest in preventing or
                                            being able to prove the misuse of our registration function. Finally, we have
                                            legitimate interest in recording the awareness of our privacy policy.
Furthermore, you have the possibility to book different paid services. Here, we
                                            process the personal data provided by you during the registration for the
                                            processing and fulfillment of contracts. The legal basis is art. 6 para. 1 lit.
                                            b) DSGVO.
The processed information will only be stored as long as it is necessary for the
                                            purpose it was processed for or for as long as it is legally required.
The processed information will only be stored as long as it is necessary for the
                                            purpose it was processed for or for as long as it is legally required.
If we base the processing on our legitimate interest, you have the right to
                                            object.
Right of objection
You can send or inform us about your objection at any time (e.g. via e-mail
                                                to time2help@online-convert.com).
The provision of personal data is neither required by law nor by contract but it
                                            is necessary for the conclusion of a contract. The lack of provision results in
                                            us not being able to provide you with a user account and a contract cannot be
                                            concluded.
14. Login via social networks
We offer you the possibility to log in to our website by using an existing social
                                            media account. You can log in or register using Twitter, Google or Facebook.
Using the used plug-ins, you can transfer data with the help of your existing
                                            profile. If you register with us using the plug-in, an additional registration
                                            on our site or the creation of a user account is necessary.
If you click on the respective social network button on our website, you will be
                                            redirected to the respective registration page via a pop-up window. This login
                                            pages are provided by the operators of these networks.
After logging in to your profile, a connection is made between our website and
                                            your profile. After the completion of the process, your appropriate profile data
                                            will be transferred to our website. This, in particular, includes the following
                                            data:
name
e-mail address
The data transmitted may vary depending on the user or may exceed the data
                                            mentioned above.
To prevent an unconscious data collection by these networks, the plug-ins are
                                            initially inactive on our side. If you want to use the plug-in, you have to
                                            activate it first. With the first time activation (clicking on it), you enable
                                            the data collection and processing by these networks.
The purpose of processing the data is to process the registration process as well
                                            as the integration of the transmitted data to create a user account.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data as described above is art. 6
                                            para. 1 lit. b) DSGVO.
In addition, we have a legitimate interest in the collection and processing of
                                            (personal) data according to art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) DSGVO. By processing this
                                            data, the networks can, in particular, further develop and improve their
                                            services.
The processed information will only be stored as long as it is necessary for the
                                            purpose it was processed for or for as long as it is legally required.
The provision of personal data is neither required by law nor by contract but it
                                            is necessary for the conclusion of a contract. The lack of provision results in
                                            us not being able to provide you with a user account and a contract cannot be
                                            concluded.
15. Payment via PayPal
You have the possibility to pay via PayPal. Upon completion of your order, you
                                            will be redirected to the website of the payment provider PayPal (Europe) S.à
                                            r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg („PayPal“). When
                                            paying via PayPal, information (including personal data) is transferred from us
                                            to PayPal and processed by PayPal for the purpose of payment processing. When
                                            paying via PayPal, the following data is transferred to PayPal in
                                            particular:
Price
Name of the product
Unique user ID (whole number)
When accessing the PayPal website or services of PayPal, PayPal sets cookies on
                                            your device. PayPal uses these cookies, among others, to identify you as a
                                            customer, to personalize PayPal services, contents, and ads, as well as to
                                            evaluate the effectiveness of advertisement, and to ensure the security of your
                                            account. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings
                                            in your browser, provided that these cookies aren’t used to prevent fraud or to
                                            ensure the security of websites managed by PayPal. However, we would like to
                                            point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of PayPal
                                            to the full extent.
You can view PayPal’s current privacy policy here:
https://www.paypal.com/ie/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full?locale.x=en_IE
As part of the transaction, we receive the following data from PayPal:
https://developer.paypal.com/docs/classic/ipn/integration-guide/IPNIntro/#ipn-protocol-and-architecture
The purpose of the data processing is the processing of the payment process and
                                            the contract.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data in the payment process and
                                            the processing of the contract is art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) DSGVO. For this, the
                                            data is stored only as long as it is necessary for the implementation and
                                            processing of your order and the fulfillment of legal storage periods.
The provision of personal data is required for the conclusion of a contract. The
                                            lack of provision results in the contract not being able to be concluded.
16. Payment via Credit Card
You have the possibility to pay via credit card. In order to process your
                                            payment, we use a third-party payment processor called Stripe. Your payment will
                                            be processed by Stripe, who collect, use and process your information, including
                                            payment information, in accordance with their privacy policies. We do not retain
                                            any personally identifiable information or any financial information such as
                                            credit card numbers. When paying via credit card, the following data is
                                            transferred to Stripe in particular:
Price
Name of the product
E-mail address
You can access their privacy policy via the following link:
https://stripe.com/privacy
Stripe’s European services are provided by Stripe Payments Europe Limited
                                            (“Stripe Payments Europe”), located in Ireland. In providing Stripe Services,
                                            Stripe Payments Europe transfers personal data to Stripe, Inc. in the US.
The purpose of the data processing is the processing of the payment process and
                                            the contract.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data in the payment process and
                                            the processing of the contract is art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) DSGVO. For this, the
                                            data is stored only as long as it is necessary for the implementation and
                                            processing of your order and the fulfillment of legal storage periods.
The provision of personal data is required for the conclusion of a contract. The
                                            lack of provision results in the contract not being able to be concluded.
17. Cloudflare
On our website, we are using the Cloudflare service. Cloudflare is a service of
                                            Cloudflare, Inc., +1 (650) 319-8930, 101 Townsend St, San Francisco, CA 94107,
                                            USA, which also provides this service.
Cloudflare is a so-called content delivery network which enables us to reduce the
                                            access time on our website. Our static data (e.g. images, CSS, JS) are hosted on
                                            servers by Cloudflare, whereby our data is transmitted to different Cloudflare
                                            servers at different locations. When accessing our website, the content is
                                            automatically downloaded and provided from a nearby server location. Therefore,
                                            you can regularly access the content of our website more quickly.
It cannot be ruled out that, by doing so, data might be accessed by servers
                                            outside the EU (e.g. USA). Within the scope of an order processing agreement,
                                            Cloudflare processes your (personal) data on our behalf and according to our
                                            instructions.
An overview of the used server locations in Cloudflare’s network can be found at:
www.cloudflarestatus.com
As stated in Cloudflare Inc.’s Privacy Shield certification (you can find it
                                            under
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
by searching for “cloudflare”), Cloudflare Inc. committed to comply to the EU-US
                                            Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework for the
                                            collection, usage, and storage of personal data from EU or Swiss member states.
                                            Cloudflare Inc. has stated via certification to comply to the Privacy Shield
                                            principles. Further information can be found at
https://www.cloudflare.com/security-policy/
.
Furthermore, Cloudflare offers increased security and can detect and counter
                                            attacks on our servers quickly.
The purpose of the processing of personal data is to increase the liability and
                                            access speed of our website, to improve security, to prevent or detect attacks
                                            on our website at an early stage, and thus to improve the overall usage.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data described here is art. 6
                                            para. 1. lit. f) DSGVO. Our legitimate and necessary interest for this is to
                                            improve the quality of our services and the security of our website, as well as
                                            ensuring a quick and reliable usage. In addition, it is in our legitimate
                                            interest to ensure the stability of our servers, as well as to be able to
                                            compensate for variations of the utilization.
Right of objection
You can send or inform us about your objection at any time (e.g. via e-mail
                                                to time2help@online-convert.com).
The provision of personal data is neither required by law nor by contract, and it
                                            is not necessary for the conclusion of a contract. You are also not obliged to
                                            provide personal data. However, the lack of provision may result in you not
                                            being able to use our website entirely or to its full extent.
18. Newsletter
You have the possibility to subscribe to our newsletter on our website.
The newsletter is administered directly by us and stored on our servers.
When you subscribe to our newsletter, we process the following information
                                            (including personal data) from you:
E-mail address
Date and time
IP address
Type of action (subscription, un-subscription)
Name
The recipient of the data is our server host, who works with us within the scope
                                            of a data processing agreement. The servers are located exclusively in
                                            Europe.
We analyze the success and reach of our newsletter (campaigns). At the same time
                                            we evaluate whether you open a newsletter and/or if you read or opened the
                                            Newsletter.
For this purpose we set and store cookies and web beacons in order to enable
                                            statistic surveys, and to establish interest profiles. That way it is possible
                                            for us to understand how you react to individual newsletters from us (e.g. if
                                            you have opened the newsletter).
By subscribing to the newsletter, you consent to the processing of your personal
                                            data (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) DSGVO), whereby we secure the subscription via a
                                            double opt-in procedure:
In the first step, you enter the mandatory data (e.g. e-mail address) and thus
                                            consent to the processing of your personal data by ticking the appropriate box.
                                            In the second step, you will then automatically receive an e-mail with a
                                            confirmation or activation link, which you should also confirm or activate. That
                                            way we ensure that the e-mail address entered on our website is, in fact,
                                            yours.
The collection and processing of the user’s e-mail address serves the purpose of
                                            delivering the newsletter. The collection and processing of further personal
                                            data as part of the registration process serves the purpose of preventing the
                                            misuse of our newsletter or the e-mail addresses used. In addition, the
                                            processing described above serves to enable us to prove that you have given us
                                            your consent.
The processing of cookie and measurement data serves the purpose of tracking the
                                            success and reach of our newsletter.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data that is required for the
                                            technical provision of the newsletter, as well as the processing of cookie and
                                            measurement data, is your consent according to art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) DSGVO.
The legal basis for the processing of further personal data is our legitimate
                                            interest according to art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) DSGVO. We have a legitimate
                                            interest in being able to prove that you have given us your consent.
                                            Furthermore, we have legitimate interest in being able to prevent or prove
                                            misuse of our newsletter.
In order to be able to display the proof of consent and the proof of subscription
                                            in a legally compliant manner, we keep the following data on the events
                                            subscription, change, confirmation, and delivery of the newsletter for each user
                                            profile which is generated with an e-mail address confirmed by the double opt-in
                                            procedure:
date and time
IP address
In addition, we process the following information (including personal data) from
                                            you within the scope of your usage of our newsletter (receipt of the
                                            newsletter):
E-mail address
Name
Date and time
IP address
Type of action (opening of the newsletter, clicking on links)
Your rights:
Right of revocation
Right of revocation
You have the right to revoke your consent at any time without
                                                            affecting the legality of processing carried out on the basis of
                                                            your consent given until revocation.
You can send or
                                                        inform us about your revocation of consent at any time (e.g. via
                                                        e-mail to time2help@online-convert.com).
You can also revoke your consent simply by clicking on the
                                                        appropriate link in our newsletter (“Unsubscribe”).
Right of objection
If the processing of your data is not covered by the consent (especially
                                                    protocol files),
you have the right to object.
Right of objection
You have the right to object.
You can send or inform us about your objection at any time (e.g. via
                                                        e-mail to time2help@online-convert.com).
Furthermore, you can change your cookie preferences (e.g. deleting
                                                        cookies, blocking cookies, etc.). More information about this can be
                                                        found under “
5) Cookies
”.
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for the purpose
                                            for which they were collected for. Your registration data will therefore be
                                            stored only as long as the newsletter subscription is active. Tracking and
                                            cookie data are deleted after 7 days. If you do not confirm the e-mail address
                                            as part of the double opt-in procedure, your registration will be deleted
                                            automatically after 72 hours.
The provision of personal data is neither required by law nor by contract, and it
                                            is not necessary for the conclusion of a contract. You are also not obliged to
                                            provide personal data. However, the lack of provision would result in us not
                                            being able to provide you with the newsletter.
19. Application
On our website, we offer you the opportunity to apply for job offers and send us
                                            the application via e-mail.
If you are using this means to contact us, your e-mail address and the
                                            information resulting from the message text and application itself will be
                                            processed.
The purpose of processing your e-mail address is to process the application and
                                            to be able to answer the applicant’s request and to contact them. The purpose of
                                            processing the personal data resulting from your application documents that have
                                            been sent in by you is to be able to find a suitable applicant.
The legal basis for the processing of your e-mail address is art. 6 para. 1 lit.
                                            f) DSGVO. It is our legitimate interest to provide you with the possibility to
                                            contact us at any time and to answer your inquiries. The legal basis for
                                            processing the personal data resulting from the application are art. 6 para. 1
                                            lit. b), Art. 88 para. 1 DSGVO, and §26 para. 1 BDSG-neu.
The personal data will be processed only for as long as it is necessary for the
                                            fulfillment of the purpose (recruitment procedure). The application e-mail and
                                            the sent documents will be kept until a decision for or against the applicant
                                            has been made, and they will be deleted afterwards, at the latest after 24
                                            months.
If we base the processing of your data on our legitimate interest, you have the
                                            right to object:
Right of objection
You have the right to object.
You can send or inform us
                                                about your objection at any time (e.g. via e-mail to
                                                time2help@online-convert.com).
The provision of personal data is neither required by law nor by contract, and it
                                            is not necessary for the conclusion of a contract. You are also not obliged to
                                            provide personal data. However, the lack of provision would result in us not
                                            being able to process your application.
20. Making contact
You have the possibility to contact us by mail, phone, fax or e-mail.
If you contact us via mail, we may, in particular, process your address data
                                            (e.g. last name, first name, street, place of residence, postal code), date and
                                            time of receipt of the mail, as well es any data resulting from your letter
                                            itself.
If you contact us via phone, we may, in particular, process your telephone
                                            number. as well as, if necessary and on request, your name, e-mail address, time
                                            of call, and details of your inquiry within the scope of the conversation.
If you contact us via fax, we may, in particular, process the fax number or the
                                            sender identification, as well as the data resulting from the fax.
If you contact us via e-mail, we, in particular, process your e-mail address, the
                                            time of the e-mail, as well as the data resulting from the message text
                                            (including attachments if applicable).
The purpose of processing the data mentioned above is to process the contact
                                            request, answer the inquiry, and get in contact with the requesting party.
The legal basis of the processing of personal data as mentioned above is art. 6
                                            para. 1 lit. f) DSGVO. Our legitimate interest is to provide you with the
                                            opportunity to contact us and to answer your requests.
Personal data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for the
                                            purpose for which they were collected. Support requests will be deleted after 24
                                            months at the latest.
Right of objection
You have the right to object.
You can send or inform us
                                                about your objection at any time (e.g. via e-mail to
                                                time2help@online-convert.com).
The provision of personal data is neither required by law nor by contract, and it
                                            is not necessary for the conclusion of a contract. You are also not obliged to
                                            provide personal data. However, the lack of provision would result in you not
                                            being able get in contact with us or that we can not get in contact with
                                            you.
21. Social networks & external links
In addition to this website, we also maintain presences on different social media
                                            networks, which you can reach via the corresponding button on our website. If
                                            you visit such a presence, personal data might be transmitted to the provider of
                                            the social network.
We want to point out that user data is also transferred to a server in a third
                                            country this way, and they can thus be processed outside of the European Union.
                                            US vendors certified under the privacy shield are committed to comply with EU
                                            privacy standards. Further information can be found at
https://www.privacyshield.gov/Program-Overview
.
It is possible that, in addition to the storing of data that you have
                                            specifically entered in the social medium, further information might also be
                                            processed by the provider of the social network.
In addition, the social network provider might process the most important data
                                            about the computer system from which you visit them – for example your IP
                                            address, the type of processor you are using, and the browser version including
                                            plug-ins.
If you are logged in with your personal user account of the respective network
                                            while visiting such a website, this network can assign the visit to this
                                            account.
The purpose and scope of the data collection by the respective medium as well as
                                            further processing of your data there, as well as your rights in this regard can
                                            be found in the respective terms of the respective people in authority, e.g.
                                            below:
Facebook (Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025,
                                                        USA):
For pages: Agreement on joint processing of personal data (art. 6
                                                        para. 1 DSGVO)
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
Facebook privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
,
Opt-out possibility:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
and
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
Privacy shield certification:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active
Twitter (Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San
                                                        Francisco, CA 94103, USA):
Privacy policy:
https://twitter.com/de/privacy
Opt-out possibility:
https://twitter.com/personalization
,
Privacy shield certification:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TORzAAO&status=Active
Instagram (Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA,
                                                        94025, USA
Privacy policy and Opt-out possibility:
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
Google and YouTube (Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway,
                                                        Mountain View, CA 94043, USA):
Privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
,
Opt-out possibility:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
,
Privacy shield certification:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
LinkedIn, Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2,
                                                        Ireland
Privacy policy:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Opt-out possibility:
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out
Privacy shield certification:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant_search
                                                            https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
We also want to point out that our website contains further links to external
                                            websites, whereby we have no influence on the processing of data on these
                                            external websites.
22. Data security
We secure our website and other systems through technical and organizational
                                            measures against loss, destruction, access, alteration or distribution of your
                                            data by unauthorized persons. Despite regular checks, however, complete
                                            protection against all dangers is not possible.
23. Changes of the privacy policy
Changes in law or in our internal processes may make it necessary to adapt this
                                            privacy policy.
In case of such changes, we will notify you about this above the heading “Privacy
                                            Policy”.
24. Revocation
You have the right to revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future,
                                            without affecting the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of
                                            your consent until the point of revocation.
25. Rights of affected parties
In general, you have the following rights:
Right to information (art. 15 DSGVO)
Right to rectification (art. 16 DSGVO)
Right of objection (art. 21 DSGVO)
Right to erasure (Right to Be Forgotten) (art. 17 DSGVO)
Right to limitation of processing (art. 18f. DSGVO)
Right to data transferability (art. 20 DSGVO)
For inquiries of this kind, please contact time2help@online-convert.com. Please
                                            note that we must ensure that inquiries of this kind are actually from the
                                            person in question.
You have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory without prejudice
                                            to any other administrative or judicial remedy.
Automated decision making does not take place on our website.
This text is copyright protected. The project is supported by several lawyers.
Status: March 2023
AI Art Generator
Unleash your creativity with our AI Creator Studio, transforming your text into stunning art
Try Now
Cancel Task
Are you sure you want to cancel this task?
The processing will be stopped immediately, and no Credits will be deducted.
Task Cancelled
Your Task has been successfully cancelled.
×
Install Online-Convert Chrome Extension?
Install Online-Convert Firefox Add-On?
Install Online-Convert Edge Extension?
Not now
Yes, install
This page version is only visible for content publishers.
This page is only visible for content publishers.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy/frameworks?gl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Legal frameworks for data transfers
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in the
Privacy Policy
. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data, such as the frameworks described below.
Adequacy decisions
The European Commission has determined that certain countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) adequately protect personal information, which means that data can be transferred from the European Union (EU) and Norway, Liechtenstein, and Iceland to those countries. The UK and Switzerland have adopted similar adequacy mechanisms. We rely on the following adequacy mechanisms:
European Commission adequacy decisions
UK adequacy regulations
Swiss adequacy decisions
EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework certification
, we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for external processing on our behalf, as described in the
“Sharing your information” section of our Privacy Policy
. To learn more about the DPF, and to view Google’s certification, please visit the
DPF website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF certification, we encourage you to
contact us
. Google is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the DPF Principles
.
Standard contractual clauses
Standard contractual clauses (SCCs) are written commitments between parties that can be used as a ground for data transfers from the EEA to third countries by providing appropriate data protection safeguards. SCCs have been approved by the European Commission and can not be modified by the parties using them (you can see the SCCs adopted by the European Commission
here
,
here
, and
here
). Such clauses have also been approved for transfers of data to countries outside the UK and Switzerland. We rely on SCCs for our data transfers where required and in instances where they are not covered by an adequacy decision. If you want to obtain a copy of the SCCs, you can
contact us
.
Google may also incorporate SCCs into contracts with customers of its business services, including
Google Workspace
,
Google Cloud Platform
,
Google Ads
, and other
ads and measurement products
. Learn more at
privacy.google.com/businesses
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
Sub-policy 3
https://privacy.google.com/take-control.html:
safety.google/ uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
The safer way to
search.
email.
watch.
shop.
share.
browse.
message.
ask.
meet.
search.
search.
email.
watch.
shop.
share.
browse.
message.
ask.
meet.
search.
search.
search.
email.
email.
watch.
watch.
shop.
shop.
share.
share.
browse.
browse.
message.
message.
ask.
ask.
meet.
meet.
search.
search.
search.
email.
watch.
shop.
share.
browse.
message.
ask.
meet.
search.
Search
Gmail
Chrome
Maps
YouTube
Photos
Pixel
Assistant
Search
Gmail
Chrome
Maps
YouTube
Photos
Pixel
Assistant
Android
Pay
Meet
Nest
Our
advancements in cybersecurity
Learn more
Safe Browsing protects
4 billion devices,
including yours.
Google Play Protect
scans 100 billion apps,
every day.
Gmail blocks over 100
million phishing attempts,
every day.
Safe Browsing protects
4 billion devices,
including yours.
Google Play Protect
scans 100 billion apps,
every day.
Gmail blocks over 100
million phishing attempts,
every day.
1
2
3
We build privacy tools
that
put you in control.
Easy-to-use privacy and security settings, all in one place.
Go to your Google Account
Turn it on. Turn it off. You control what data gets saved to your account.
Go to Activity controls
If you can search it, browse it or watch it, you can delete it from your account.
Go to My Activity
0
1
2
Need a little help?
Take a checkup.
Security Checkup
Strengthen your security
Get personalised recommendations to strengthen the security of your Google Account.
Complete checkup
Privacy Checkup
Control your privacy
We’ll walk you through key privacy settings step by step, so you can choose what’s right for you.
Complete checkup
Explore how Google helps
keep everyone safer online.
In our products
Learn how your safety is protected in all of Google’s products.
Security and privacy
Learn how Google protects your private information and puts you in control.
Content safety
Learn how we’re delivering trustworthy information to create a safer Internet for all.
Family safety
Learn how Google helps you manage what's right for your family online.
Cybersecurity
Learn how we keep more people safe online than anyone else in the world.
In our products
Learn how your safety is protected in all of Google’s products.
Security and privacy
Learn how Google protects your private information and puts you in control.
Content safety
Learn how we’re delivering trustworthy information to create a safer Internet for all.
Family safety
Learn how Google helps you manage what's right for your family online.
Cybersecurity
Learn how we keep more people safe online than anyone else in the world.
0
1
2
3
4
Not all products or features may be available in all locations.
Sub-policy 4
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/adsservices/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google Ads Data Protection Terms: Service Information
Controller Terms
Controller Services
The following Google services are eligible to be in scope of the Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms:
AdMob
, except for the AdMob Processor features referred to in the 'Processor Services' section below.
AdSense
Authorized Buyers (formerly known as DoubleClick Ad Exchange Buyers)
Funding Choices
Google Ad Manager (formerly known as DoubleClick for Publishers Small Business and DoubleClick Ad Exchange)
, except for the Google Ad Manager Processor features referred to in the ‘Processor Services’ section below.
Google Ad Manager 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick for Publishers Premium and DoubleClick Ad Exchange)
, except for the Google Ad Manager 360 Processor features referred to in the ‘Processor Services’ section below.
Google Ads (formerly known as AdWords)
: All Google Ads programmes and services accessible to customers through their Google Ads accounts, except for those Google Ads programmes and services that can be in scope of the Google Ads Data Processing Terms, as listed below.
Google Customer Reviews
Programmable Search Engine
Web Search Syndication
Google may update this list from time to time, subject to the terms of the Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms.
Data Processing Terms
Processor Services
The following Google services are eligible to be in scope of the Google Ads Data Processing Terms:
Ads Data Hub
AdMob Processor features
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Enhanced Conversions
Google Ad Manager Processor features
Google Ad Manager 360 Processor features
Google Ads Customer Match
Google Ads Store sales (uploads)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Looker Studio
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google may update this list from time to time, subject to the terms of the Google Ads Data Processing Terms.
Types of personal data
In relation to the Google Ads Data Processing Terms, Customer Personal Data may include the following types of personal data (as applicable, depending on the Processor Services provided under the Agreement).
Processor Service
Types of Personal Data
Ads Data Hub
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers, internet protocol addresses and device identifiers; client identifiers
AdMob Processor features
Secure Signals
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers and device identifiers
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers, internet protocol addresses and device identifiers; precise location data; client identifiers
Display & Video 360
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers, internet protocol addresses and device identifiers; precise location data; client identifiers
Enhanced Conversions
Names, email addresses, phone numbers, addresses, client identifiers, online identifiers, including internet protocol addresses
Google Ad Manager Processor features
Secure Signals, Dynamic Ad Insertion
Google Ad Manager 360 Processor features
Secure Signals, Dynamic Ad Insertion
Google Ads Customer Match
Names, email addresses, addresses and partner-provided identifiers
Google Ads Store sales (uploads)
Names, email addresses, phone numbers and addresses
Google Analytics
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers, internet protocol addresses and device identifiers; client identifiers
Google Analytics 360
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers, internet protocol addresses and device identifiers; client identifiers
Google Analytics for Firebase
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers, internet protocol addresses and device identifiers; client identifiers
Google Optimize
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers and internet protocol addresses; client identifiers
Google Optimize 360
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers and internet protocol addresses; client identifiers
Google Tag Manager
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers and internet protocol addresses
Google Tag Manager 360
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers and internet protocol addresses
Looker Studio
Data relating to individuals provided to Google via the service by (or at the direction of) Customer, including to create and collaborate on reports, graphs and charts
Search Ads 360
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers, internet protocol addresses and device identifiers; client identifiers
Google may update this list from time to time to reflect changes to the types of personal data handled by the Processor Services.
Last update: 12 February 2025
Previous Version
22 April 2024
26 February 2024
04 October 2023
14 November 2022
13 September 2022
8 April 2022
14 September 2021
24 March 2021
27 November 2020
26 October 2020
14 May 2020
27 February 2020
24 July 2018
Sub-policy 5
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/subprocessors/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google Ads Data Processing Terms - Subprocessor Information
This page provides information about Subprocessors. Capitalized terms have the meanings given in the
Google Ads Data Processing Terms
.
Third Party Subprocessors
Google and its Affiliates use a range of Third Party Subprocessors in connection with the
                Processor Services.
Customer Support
These Third Party Subprocessors provide customer and service support. This may include:
                phone and email support; response, diagnosis and resolution services; incident tracking;
                product assistance, including the creation of reports; responding to customer queries;
                and software application development and support for customers.
Entity Name
Applicable Processor Services
Corporate Location
Accenture Co. Ltd.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Taiwan
Accenture Inc.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Philippines
Accenture Japan Ltd.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Japan
Accenture LLP
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Ad Manager (processor feature: Dynamic Ad Insertion)
Google Ad Manager 360 (processor feature: Dynamic Ad Insertion)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
United States
Accenture Limited (formerly known as Accenture Public Limited Company)
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Ad Manager (processor feature: Dynamic Ad Insertion)
Google Ad Manager 360 (processor feature: Dynamic Ad Insertion)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Ireland
Accenture SAS
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics 360
France
Accenture SL
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics 360
Spain
Accenture Solutions Private Limited
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
India
Artefact S.A.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics 360
Google Tag Manager 360
France
ARTERIA S.A.
Google Analytics
Poland
Atento Argentina S.A.
Google Analytics
Argentina
Cognizant Serviços de Tecnologia e Software do Brasil S/A
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Brazil
Cognizant Technology Solutions de Argentina SRL
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Argentina
Cognizant Technology Solutions de Mexico S.A. de C.V.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Mexico
Cognizant Technology Solutions India Private Limited
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
India
Cognizant Technology Solutions Philippines, Inc.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Philippines
Cognizant Worldwide Limited
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Ireland
Competence Call Center İstanbul Çağrı Merkezi Hizmetleri Anonim Şirketi
Google Analytics
Turkey
Concentrix Solutions Corporation (formerly known as Concentrix Corporation)
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
United States
Concentrix Daksh Services India Private Limited
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
India
Converteo SAS
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics 360
France
EPAM Systems Inc.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
United States
GlobalLogic Inc.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
United States
GlobalLogic Technologies Limited
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
India
HCL (Ireland) Information Systems Ltd.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Ireland
HCL America Inc.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Ad Manager (processor feature: Dynamic Ad Insertion)
Google Ad Manager 360 (processor feature: Dynamic Ad Insertion)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
United States
HCL Technologies Limited
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
India
HCL (Brazil) Tecnologia da Informação Ltda (formerly known as HCL Tecnologia da Informação Ltda.)
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Brazil
Intelenet Global Services Private Limited
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
India
Internet Advantage Nederland B.V. dba Artefact Benelux
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics 360
Google Tag Manager 360
Netherlands
Jellyfish Online Marketing Ltd.
Google Data Studio
United States
Jellyfish U.K. Limited
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics 360
Google Tag Manager 360
United Kingdom
K.K. Teledirect Japan
Google Analytics
Japan
Majorel Ireland Limited formerly known as Arvato Finance Services Limited
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Ireland
Regalix Inc.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
United States
Regalix India Private Limited
Google Analytics
India
SCSK Serviceware Corporation
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Japan
TDCX (MY) Sdn. Bhd. (formerly known as Teledirect Telecommerce Sdn. Bhd.)
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Malaysia
TMJ, Inc.
Google Analytics
Japan
Trakken GmbH
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics 360
Google Tag Manager 360
Germany
TTEC Brasil Serviços Ltda. (formerly known as Teletech Brasil Serviços Ltda.)
Google Analytics
Brazil
TTEC Customer Care Management (Ireland) Limited (formerly known as Teletech Customer Care Management (Ireland) Limited)
Google Analytics
Ireland
TTEC Europe BV (formerly known as Teletech Europe BV)
Google Analytics
Netherlands
Wipro IT Services Poland Sp. z.o.o.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Poland
Wipro Limited
Google Data Studio
India
Wipro LLC
Google Data Studio
United States
Zevas Communications Ltd.
Google Analytics
Ireland
Third Party Subprocessors - Standard Contractual Clauses (Module 3: Processor-to-Processor)
Google Affiliate Subprocessors
The Google Affiliate Subprocessors listed below engage personnel to provide service
                support, IT-facility management, and customer support functions in connection with the
                Processor Services. The service support and IT-facility management functions include
                activities related to managing the functionality, availability and reliability of the
                Processor Services, as well as product management. Some Google Affiliate Subprocessors
                also provide ongoing customer support for the Processor Services.
Google Affiliate Subprocessors followed by (*) engage personnel that provide IT-facility
                management, including the maintenance and upkeep of Google’s worldwide data centers.
Entity Name
Applicable Processor Services
Corporate Location
Charter Investments Limited*
IT-facility management
Taiwan
GGLE Portugal Lda
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Portugal
GOC Philippines, Inc.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Philippines
GOC Services India Private Limited
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
India
Google Argentina S.R.L.
Google Infraestructura Argentina S.R.L.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Argentina
Google Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. (リミテッド) *
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Singapore
Google Australia Pty Ltd.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Australia
Google Austria GmbH
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Austria
Google Belgium NV
Crystal Computing SPRL*
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Belgium
Google Brasil Internet Ltda.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Brazil
Google Bucharest S.R.L.
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Romania
Google Canada Corporation
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Canada
Google Chile Limitada*
Inversiones y Servicios Dataluna Limitada*
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Chile
Google Colombia Limitada
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Columbia
Google Commerce Ltd.
Google Ireland Limited*
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Ireland
Google Czech Republic, s.r.o.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Czech Republic
Google Denmark ApS
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Denmark
Google Finland OY
Tuike Finland OY*
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Finland
Google France SARL
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
France
Google FZ LLC
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
United Arab Emirates
Google Germany GmbH
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Germany
Google Greece Internet Applications Single Partner LTD
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Greece
Google Hrvatska D.o.o.
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Croatia
Google Israel Ltd.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Israel
Google Italy S.r.l.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Italy
Google Kenya Limited
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Kenya
Google Lithuania UAB
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Lithuania
Google Netherlands B.V.
Green Box Computing B.V.*
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Netherlands
Google New Zealand Limited
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
New Zealand
Google Norway AS
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Norway
Google Peru S.R.L.
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Peru
Google Poland Sp. z.o.o.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Poland
Google Reklamcılık ve Pazarlama Ltd. Şti (a.k.a. Google Turkey)
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Turkey
Google Slovakia, s.r.o.
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Slovakia
Google South Africa Proprietary Limited
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
South Africa
Google Spain S.L.U.
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Spain
Google Sweden AB
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Sweden
Google Switzerland GmbH
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
Switzerland
Google UK Ltd
Display & Video 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Bid Manager)
Audience Partner API (formerly known as DoubleClick Data Platform)
Campaign Manager 360 (formerly known as Campaign Manager)
Search Ads 360 (formerly known as DoubleClick Search)
Google Analytics
Google Analytics 360
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Data Studio
Google Optimize
Google Optimize 360
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager 360
United Kingdom
Maguro Enterprises, LLC*
Gable Corporation; Tetra, LLC*
Tapaha Dynamics LLC*
Myall, LLC*
Design, LLC*
IT-facility management
United States
Previous Version
02 April, 2024
22 August, 2022
26 September, 2021
January 11, 2021
November 27, 2020
October 26, 2020
August 17, 2020
May 21, 2020
April 21, 2020
February 4, 2020
December 4, 2019
Sub-policy 6
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/controllerterms/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms
Google and the counterparty agreeing to these terms (“
Customer
“) have entered into an agreement for the provision of the Controller Services (as amended from time to time, the “
Agreement
”).
These Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms (including the appendix, “
Controller Terms
”) are entered into by Google and Customer and supplement the Agreement. These Controller Terms will be effective, and replace any previously applicable terms relating to their subject matter, from the Terms Effective Date.
If you are accepting these Controller Terms on behalf of Customer, you warrant that: (a) you have full legal authority to bind Customer to these Controller Terms; (b) you have read and understand these Controller Terms; and (c) you agree, on behalf of Customer, to these Controller Terms. If you do not have the legal authority to bind Customer, please do not accept these Controller Terms.
1.
Introduction
These Controller Terms reflect the parties’ agreement on the processing of Controller Personal Data.
2.
Definitions and Interpretation
2.1
In these Controller Terms:
“
Additional Terms
” means the additional terms referred to in Appendix 1, which reflect the parties’ agreement on the terms governing the processing of Controller Personal Data in connection with certain Applicable Data Protection Legislation.
“
Affiliate
” means an entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, a party.
“
Applicable Data Protection Legislation
” means, as applicable to the processing of Controller Personal Data, any national, federal, EU, state, provincial or other privacy, data security or data protection law or regulation, including European Data Protection Legislation, the LGPD and US
                  State Privacy Laws.
“
Controller Data Subject
” means a data subject to whom Controller Personal Data relates.
“
Controller Personal Data
” means personal data that is processed by a party under the Agreement in connection with its provision or use (as applicable) of the Controller Services.
“
Controller Services
” means the applicable services listed at
business.safety.google/adsservices
.
“
End Controller
” means, for each party, the ultimate controller of Controller Personal Data.
“
EU GDPR
” means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC.
“
European Data Protection Legislation
” means, as applicable: (a) the GDPR; and/or (b) the Swiss FDPA.
“
GDPR
” means, as applicable: (a) the EU GDPR; and/or (b) the UK GDPR.
“
Google
” means the Google Entity that is party to the Agreement.
“
Google Entity
” means Google LLC, Google Ireland Limited or any other Affiliate of Google LLC.
“
LGPD
” means the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais).
“
Swiss FDPA
” means, as applicable, the Federal Data Protection Act of 19 June 1992 (Switzerland) (with the Ordinance to the Federal Data Protection Act of 14 June 1993), or the revised Federal Data Protection Act of 25 September 2020 (with the Ordinance to the Federal Data Protection Act of 31 August 2022).
“
Terms Effective Date
” means the date on which Customer clicked to accept or the parties otherwise agreed to these Controller Terms.
“
UK GDPR
” means the EU GDPR as amended and incorporated into UK law under the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, and applicable secondary legislation made under that Act.
“
US State Privacy Laws
” has the meaning found at
business.safety.google/usdataprotectionlaws
.
2.2
The terms “
controller
”, “
data subject
”, “
personal data
”, “
processing
” and “
processor
” as used in these Controller Terms have the meanings given by either (a) Applicable Data Protection Legislation; or (b) absent any such meaning
                  or law, the GDPR.
2.3
The words “
include
” and “
including
” mean “including but not limited to”. Any examples in these Controller Terms are illustrative and not the sole examples of a particular concept.
2.4
Any reference to a legal framework, statute or other legislative enactment is a reference to it as amended or re-enacted from time to time.
2.5
To the extent any translated version of these Controller Terms is inconsistent with the English version, the English version will govern.
3.
Application of these Controller Terms
3.1
General
. These Controller Terms will only apply to the Controller Services for which the parties agreed to these Controller Terms, for example: (a) the Controller Services for which Customer clicked to accept these Controller Terms; or (b) if the Agreement incorporates these Controller Terms by reference, the Controller Services that are the subject of the Agreement.
3.2
Incorporation of Additional Terms
. The Additional Terms supplement these Controller Terms.
4.
Roles and Restrictions on Processing
4.1
Independent Controllers
. Subject to Section 4.3 (End Controllers), each party:
(a)
is an independent controller of Controller Personal Data;
(b)
will individually determine the purposes and means of its processing of Controller Personal Data; and
(c)
will comply with the obligations applicable to it under the Applicable Data Protection Legislation regarding the processing of Controller Personal Data.
4.2
Restrictions on Processing
. Section 4.1 (Independent Controllers) will not affect any restrictions on either party’s rights to use or otherwise process Controller Personal Data under the Agreement.
4.3
End Controllers
. Without reducing either party’s obligations under these Controller Terms, each party acknowledges that: (a) the other party’s Affiliates or clients may be End Controllers; and (b) the other party may act as a processor on behalf of its End Controllers. Each party will ensure that its End Controllers comply with the Controller Terms.
4.4
Transparency
. Customer acknowledges Google has published information about
                  how Google uses information from sites, apps or other properties that use its services at
https://business.safety.google/privacy/
. Without prejudice to its obligations under Section 4.1(c), Customer may link to that page to provide Controller Data Subjects with
                  information about Google's processing of Controller Personal Data.
5.
Liability
If the Agreement is governed by the laws of:
(a)
a state of the United States of America, then, regardless of anything else in the Agreement, the total liability of either party towards the other party under or in connection with these Controller Terms will be limited to the maximum monetary or payment-based amount at which that party’s liability is capped under the Agreement (and therefore, any exclusion of indemnification claims from the Agreement’s limitation of liability will not apply to indemnification claims under the Agreement relating to the Applicable Data Protection Legislation); or
(b)
a jurisdiction that is not a state of the United States of America, then the liability of the parties under or in connection with these Controller Terms will be subject to the exclusions and limitations of liability in the Agreement.
6.
Effect of Controller Terms
6.1
Order of Precedence
. If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the Additional Terms, the remainder of these Controller Terms and/or the remainder of the Agreement then, subject to Sections 4.2 (Restrictions on Processing) and 6.2 (No Effect on Processor Terms), the following order of precedence will apply:
(a)
the Additional Terms (if applicable);
(b)
the remainder of these Controller Terms; and
(c)
the remainder of the Agreement.
6.2
No Effect on Processor Terms
. These Controller Terms will not affect any separate terms between Google and Customer reflecting a controller-processor, processor-processor or processor-controller relationship for a service other than the Controller Services.
7.
Changes to these Controller Terms
7.1
Changes to URLs
. From time to time, Google may change any URL referenced in these Controller Terms and the content at any such URL, except that Google may only change the list of potential Controller Services at
business.safety.google/adsservices
:
(a)
to reflect a change to the name of a service;
(b)
to add a new service; or
(c)
to remove a service (or a feature of a service) where either: (i) all contracts for the provision of that service are terminated; (ii) Google has Customer’s consent; or (iii) the service, or a certain feature of the service, has been recategorised as a processor service.
7.2
Changes to Controller Terms
. Google may change these Controller Terms if the change:
(a)
is as described in Section 7.1 (Changes to URLs);
(b)
reflects a change in the name or form of a legal entity;
(c)
is required to comply with applicable law, applicable regulation, a court order or guidance issued by a governmental regulator or agency, or reflects Google’s adoption of an Alternative Transfer Solution (as defined in Appendix 1A); or
(d)
does not otherwise: (i) seek to alter the categorisation of the parties as controllers of Controller Personal Data under Applicable Data Protection Legislation; (ii) expand the scope of, or remove any restrictions on, either party’s rights to use or otherwise process (x) in the case of the Additional Terms, the data in scope of the Additional Terms or (y) in the case of the remainder of these Controller Terms, Controller Personal Data; or (iii) have a material adverse impact on Customer, as reasonably determined by Google.
7.3
Notification of Changes
. If Google intends to change these Controller Terms under Section 7.2(c) and such change will have a material adverse impact on Customer, as reasonably determined by Google, then Google will use commercially reasonable efforts to inform Customer at least 30 days (or such shorter period as may be required to comply with applicable law, applicable regulation, a court order or guidance issued by a governmental regulator or agency) before the change will take effect. If Customer objects to any such change, Customer may terminate the Agreement by giving written notice to Google within 90 days of being informed by Google of the change.
Appendix 1: Additional Terms for Applicable Data Protection Legislation
PART A - ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR EUROPEAN DATA PROTECTION LEGISLATION
1.
Introduction
This Appendix 1A will only apply to the extent that the European Data Protection Legislation applies to the
                  processing of Controller Personal Data.
2.
Definitions
2.1
In this Appendix 1A:
“
Adequate Country
” means:
(a)
for data processed subject to the EU GDPR: the EEA, or a country or territory
                      recognized as ensuring adequate data protection under the EU GDPR;
(b)
for data processed subject to the UK GDPR: the UK, or a country or territory recognized
                      as ensuring adequate protection under the UK GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018; and/or
(c)
for data processed subject to the Swiss FDPA: Switzerland, or a country or territory
                      that is: (i) included in the list of the states whose legislation ensures adequate protection as
                      published by the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, or (ii) recognized as
                      ensuring adequate protection by the Swiss Federal Council under the Swiss FDPA,
in each case, other than on the basis of an optional data protection framework.
“
Alternative Transfer Solution
” means a solution, other than the Controller SCCs, that
                    enables the lawful transfer of personal data to a third country in accordance with the European Data
                    Protection Legislation, for example a data protection framework recognized as ensuring that participating
                    entities provide adequate protection.
“
Controller SCCs
” means the terms at
business.safety.google/adscontrollerterms/sccs/c2c
.
“
EEA
” means the European Economic Area.
“
European Controller Personal Data
” means Controller Personal Data of Controller Data
                    Subjects located in the EEA or Switzerland.
“
European Laws
” means, as applicable: (a) EU or EU Member State law (if the EU GDPR applies
                    to the processing of Controller Personal Data); (b) the law of the UK or a part of the UK (if the UK GDPR
                    applies to the processing of Controller Personal Data); and (c) the law of Switzerland (if the Swiss FDPA
                    applies to the processing of Controller Personal Data).
“
Google End Controllers
” means the End Controllers of Controller Personal Data processed by
                    Google.
“
Permitted European Transfers
” means the processing of Controller Personal Data in, or the
                    transfer of Controller Personal Data to, an Adequate Country.
“
Restricted European Transfer(s)
” means transfer(s) of Controller Personal Data that are:
                    (a) subject to the European Data Protection Legislation; and (b) not Permitted European Transfers.
“
UK Controller Personal Data
” means Controller Personal Data of Controller Data Subjects
                    located in the UK.
2.2
The terms “
data importer
” and “
data exporter
” have the
                    meanings given in the Controller SCCs.
3.
Google End Controllers
The Google End Controllers are: (i) for European Controller Personal Data processed by Google, Google Ireland
                  Limited; and (ii) for UK Controller Personal Data processed by Google, Google LLC. Each party will ensure that
                  its End Controllers comply with the Controller SCCs, where applicable.
4.
Data Transfers
4.1
Restricted European Transfers.
Either party may make Restricted European
                    Transfers if it complies with the provisions on Restricted European Transfers in the European Data
                    Protection Legislation.
4.2
Alternative Transfer Solution.
(a)
If Google has adopted an Alternative Transfer Solution for any Restricted European
                      Transfers, then: (i) Google will ensure that such Restricted European Transfers are made in accordance
                      with that Alternative Transfer Solution; and (ii) paragraph 5 (Controller SCCs) of this Appendix 1A will
                      not apply to such Restricted European Transfers.
(b)
If Google has not adopted, or informs Customer that Google is no longer adopting, an
                      Alternative Transfer Solution for any Restricted European Transfers, then paragraph 5 (Controller SCCs)
                      of this Appendix 1A will apply to such Restricted European Transfers.
4.3
Onward Transfer Provisions.
(a)
Application of Paragraph 4.3.
Paragraphs 4.3(b) (Use of Data Provider
                      Personal Data) and 4.3(c) (Protection of Data Provider Personal Data) of this Appendix 1A will only
                      apply to the extent that:
(i)
a party (the “
Data Recipient
”) processes Controller Personal Data
                        that is made available by the other party (the “
Data Provider
”) in connection with
                        the Agreement (such Controller Personal Data, “
Data Provider Personal Data
”);
(ii)
the Data Provider or its Affiliate is certified under an Alternative Transfer
                        Solution; and
(iii)
the Data Provider notifies the Data Recipient of such Alternative Transfer
                        Solution certification in writing.
(b)
Use of Data Provider Personal Data.
(i)
To the extent that an applicable Alternative Transfer Solution includes an onward
                        transfer principle, then pursuant to such onward transfer principle under the relevant Alternative
                        Transfer Solution, the Data Recipient will only use Data Provider Personal Data in a manner
                        consistent with the consent provided by the relevant Controller Data Subjects.
(ii)
To the extent the Data Provider fails to obtain consent from the relevant
                        Controller Data Subjects as required under the Agreement, the Data Recipient will not be in breach
                        of paragraph 4.3(b)(i) if it uses Data Provider Personal Data consistent with the required consent.
(c)
Protection of Data Provider Personal Data.
(i)
The Data Recipient will provide a level of protection for Data Provider Personal
                        Data that is at least equivalent to that required under the applicable Alternative Transfer
                        Solution.
(ii)
If the Data Recipient determines that it cannot comply with paragraph 4.3(c)(i), it
                        will: (A) notify the Data Provider in writing; and (B) either cease processing the Data Provider
                        Personal Data or take reasonable and appropriate steps to remedy such non-compliance.
(d)
Alternative Transfer Solution Adoption and Certification.
Information
                      about Google and/or its Affiliates’ adoption of, or certification under, any Alternative Transfer
                      Solutions can be found at
https://business.safety.google/adsdatatransfers
. This paragraph 4.3(d) constitutes notice in writing of Google and or its Affiliates’ current certifications as at the Terms Effective Date for the purpose of paragraph 4.3(a)(iii).
5.
Controller SCCs
5.1
Transfers of European Controller Personal Data to Customer.
To the extent
                    that:
(a)
Google transfers European Controller Personal Data to Customer; and
(b)
the transfer is a Restricted European Transfer, Customer as data importer will be deemed
                      to have entered into the Controller SCCs with Google Ireland Limited (the applicable Google End
                      Controller) as data exporter and the transfers will be subject to the Controller SCCs.
5.2
Transfers of UK Controller Personal Data to Customer
. To the extent that:
(a)
Google transfers UK Controller Personal Data to Customer; and
(b)
the transfer is a Restricted European Transfer,
                      Customer as data importer will be deemed to have entered into the Controller SCCs with Google LLC (the
                      applicable Google End Controller) as data exporter and the transfers will be subject to the Controller
                      SCCs.
5.3
Transfers of European Controller Personal Data to Google
. The parties
                    acknowledge that to the extent Customer transfers European Controller Personal Data to Google, the
                    Controller SCCs are not required because the address of Google Ireland Limited (the applicable Google End
                    Controller) is in an Adequate Country and such transfers are Permitted European Transfers. This does not
                    affect Google’s obligations under paragraph 4.1 (Restricted European Transfers) of this Appendix 1A.
5.4
Transfers of UK Controller Personal Data to Google.
To the extent that
                    Customer transfers UK Controller Personal Data to Google, Customer as data exporter will be deemed to have
                    entered into the Controller SCCs with Google LLC (the applicable Google End Controller) as data importer and
                    the transfers will be subject to the Controller SCCs, because Google LLC’s address is not in an Adequate
                    Country.
5.5
Contacting Google; Customer Information
.
(a)
Customer may contact Google Ireland Limited and/or Google LLC in connection with the
                      Controller SCCs at
https://support.google.com/policies/troubleshooter/9009584
or through
                      such other means as may be provided by Google from time to time.
(b)
Customer acknowledges that Google is required under the Controller SCCs to record
                      certain information, including (i) the identity and contact details of the data importer (including any
                      contact person with responsibility for data protection); and (ii) the technical and organisational
                      measures implemented by the data importer. Accordingly, Customer will, where requested and as applicable
                      to Customer, provide such information to Google via such means as may be provided by Google, and will
                      ensure that all information provided is kept accurate and up-to-date.
5.6
Responding to Data Subject Enquiries
. The applicable data importer will be
                    responsible for responding to enquiries from data subjects and the supervisory authority concerning the
                    processing of applicable Controller Personal Data by the data importer.
5.7
Data Deletion on Termination
. To the extent that:
(a)
Google LLC acts as data importer and Customer acts as data exporter under the Controller
                      SCCs; and
(b)
Customer terminates the Agreement in accordance with Clause 16(c) of the Controller
                      SCCs, then for the purposes of Clause 16(d) of the Controller SCCs, Customer directs Google to delete
                      Controller Personal Data, and, unless European Laws require storage, Google will facilitate such
                      deletion as soon as is reasonably practicable, to the extent such deletion is reasonably possible
                      (taking into account that Google is an independent Controller of such data, as well as the nature and
                      functionality of the Controller Services).
6.
Liability if Controller SCCs Apply.
If Controller SCCs apply under paragraph 5 (Controller SCCs) of this Appendix 1A, then the total combined
                  liability of:
(a)
Google, Google LLC and Google Ireland Limited towards Customer; and
(b)
Customer towards Google, Google LLC and Google Ireland Limited,
                    under or in connection with the Agreement and the Controller SCCs combined will be subject to Section 5
                    (Liability). Clause 12 of the Controller SCCs will not affect the previous sentence.
7.
Third-Party Beneficiaries
Where Google LLC and/or Google Ireland Limited are not a party to the Agreement but are a party to the
                  applicable Controller SCCs in accordance with paragraph 5 (Controller SCCs) of this Appendix 1A, Google LLC
                  and/or Google Ireland Limited (as applicable) will be a third-party beneficiary of Section 4.3 (End Controllers)
                  and paragraphs 3 (Google End Controllers), 5 (Controller SCCs) and 6 (Liability if Controller SCCs Apply) of
                  this Appendix 1A. To the extent this paragraph 7 (Third-Party Beneficiaries) conflicts or is inconsistent with
                  any other clause in the Agreement, this paragraph 7 (Third-Party Beneficiaries) will apply.
8.
Precedence
8.1
If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the Controller SCCs, this Appendix 1A, the
                    remainder of these Controller Terms and/or the remainder of the Agreement, then the Controller SCCs will
                    prevail.
8.2
Additional Commercial Clauses
. Subject to the amendments in these
                    Controller Terms, the Agreement remains in full force and effect. Paragraphs 5.5 (Contacting Google) to 5.7
                    (Data Deletion on Termination), and paragraph 6 (Liability if Controller SCCs Apply) of this Appendix 1A are
                    additional commercial clauses relating to the Controller SCCs as permitted by Clause 2(a) (Effect and
                    invariability of the Clauses) of the Controller SCCs.
8.3
No Modification of Controller SCCs
. Nothing in the Agreement (including
                    these Controller Terms) is intended to modify or contradict any Controller SCCs or prejudice the fundamental
                    rights or freedoms of data subjects under the European Data Protection Legislation.
PART B - ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR US STATE PRIVACY LAWS
1.
Introduction
Google may offer and Customer may enable certain in-product settings, configurations or other functionality for
                  the Controller Services relating to restricted data processing, as described in supporting documentation
                  available at
business.safety.google/rdp
, as updated from time to time (“
Restricted
                    Data Processing
”). This Appendix 1B reflects the parties’ agreement on the processing of Customer
                  Personal Data and Deidentified Data (as defined below) pursuant to the Agreement in connection with the US State
                  Privacy Laws, and is effective solely to the extent each US State Privacy Law applies.
2.
Additional Definitions and Interpretation.
In this Appendix 1B:
(a)
“
Customer Personal Data
” means personal data that is processed by Google on
                    behalf of Customer in Google’s provision of Controller Services.
(b)
“
Deidentified Data
” means data information that is “deidentified” (as that
                    term is defined by the CCPA) and “de-identified data” (as defined by other US State Privacy Laws), when
                    disclosed by one party to the other.
(c)
“
Instructions
” means, collectively, Customer’s instructions to Google to
                    process Customer Personal Data only in accordance with US State Privacy Laws: (a) to provide the RDP
                    Services and any related technical support; (b) as further specified through Customer’s use of the RDP
                    Services (including in the settings and other functionality of such RDP Services) and any related technical
                    support; (c) as documented in the form of the Agreement, including this Appendix 1B; (d) as further
                    documented in any other written instructions given by Customer and acknowledged by Google as constituting
                    instructions for purposes of this Appendix 1B; and (e) to process Customer Personal Data as permitted under
                    US State Privacy Laws for service providers and processors.
(d)
“
RDP Services
” means Controller Services operating under Restricted Data
                    Processing.
(e)
“
Term
” means the period from the Terms Effective Date until the end of Google’s provision of the Controller Services under the Agreement.
(f)
the terms “
business
”, “
consumer
”, “
personal
                      information
”, “
sale(s)
”, “
sell
”, “
service
                      provider
”, and “
share
” as used in this Appendix 1B have the meanings given in
                    the US State Privacy Laws.
(g)
Customer is solely liable for its compliance with each of the US State Privacy Laws in its
                    use of Google services, including Restricted Data Processing.
3.
US State Privacy Law Terms (under Restricted Data Processing).
With respect to Customer Personal Data processed under Restricted Data Processing, and to the extent that one or
                  more of the US State Privacy Laws applies to the processing of Customer Personal Data:
3.1
Processing of Data.
3.1.1
Roles and Regulatory Compliance; Authorization.
(a)
Processor and Controller Responsibilities.
The parties acknowledge
                        and agree that:
(i)
paragraph 7 (Subject Matter and Details of the Data Processing Under US State
                          Privacy Laws) of this Appendix 1B describes the subject matter and details of the processing of
                          Customer Personal Data;
(ii)
Google is a service provider and processor of Customer Personal Data under the
                          US State Privacy Laws;
(iii)
Customer is a controller or processor, as applicable, of Customer Personal
                          Data under the US State Privacy Laws; and
(b)
Processor Customers.
If Customer is a processor:
(i)
Customer warrants on an ongoing basis that the relevant controller has
                          authorized: (A) the Instructions, (B) Customer’s appointment of Google as another processor, and
                          (C) Google’s engagement of subcontractors as described in paragraph 3.6 (Subcontractors) of this
                          Appendix 1B;
(ii)
Customer will immediately forward to the relevant controller any notice
                          provided by Google under paragraphs 3.3.2(a) (Incident Notification) and 3.6 (Subcontractors);
                          and
(iii)
Customer may make available to the relevant controller any information made
                          available by Google under paragraphs 3.3.3(c) (Customer’s Audit Rights), and 3.6
                          (Subcontractors).
3.1.2
Customer’s Instructions.
By entering into this Appendix 1B, Customer
                      instructs Google to process Customer Personal Data only in accordance with the Instructions.
3.1.3
Google’s Compliance with Instructions.
Google will comply with the
                      Instructions unless prohibited under the US State Privacy Laws.
3.1.4
Additional Products.
If Customer uses any product, service or
                      application provided by Google or a third party that: (a) is not part of the RDP Services; and (b) is
                      accessible for use within the user interface of the RDP Services or is otherwise integrated with the RDP
                      Services (an “
Additional Product
”), the RDP Services may allow that Additional Product
                      to access Customer Personal Data as required for the interoperation of the Additional Product with the
                      RDP Services. For clarity, this Appendix 1B does not apply to the processing of personal data in
                      connection with the provision of any Additional Product used by Customer, including personal data
                      transmitted to or from that Additional Product.
3.2
Data Deletion on Term Expiry.
Customer instructs Google to delete all
                    remaining Customer Personal Data (including existing copies) from Google’s systems at the end of the Term in
                    accordance with applicable law. Google will comply with this instruction as soon as reasonably practicable
                    and within a maximum period of 180 days, unless applicable laws require storage.
3.3
Data Security.
3.3.1
Google’s Security Measures and Assistance.
(a)
Google’s Security Measures.
Google will implement and maintain
                        technical and organizational measures to protect Customer Personal Data against accidental or
                        unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access (“
Security
                          Measures
”). The Security Measures include measures: (i) to encrypt personal data; (ii)
                        to help ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of Google’s
                        systems and services; (iii) to help restore timely access to personal data following an incident;
                        and (iv) for regular testing of effectiveness. Google may update or modify the Security Measures
                        from time to time, provided that such updates and modifications do not result in the degradation of
                        the overall security of the Customer Personal Data.
(b)
Access and Compliance.
Google will ensure that all persons
                        authorized to process Customer Personal Data have committed themselves to confidentiality or are
                        under an appropriate statutory obligation of confidentiality.
(c)
Google’s Security Assistance.
Google will (taking into account the
                        nature of the processing of Customer Personal Data and the information available to Google) assist
                        Customer in meeting Customer’s (or, where Customer is a processor, the relevant controller’s)
                        obligations in respect of security of personal data and personal data breaches, including Customer’s
                        (or, where Customer is a processor, the relevant controller’s) obligations relating to security of
                        personal data and personal data breaches under the US State Privacy Laws, by:
(i)
implementing and maintaining the Security Measures in accordance with paragraph
                          3.3.1(a) (Google’s Security Measures);
(ii)
complying with the terms of paragraph 3.3.2 (Data Incidents); and
(iii)
providing Customer with the rights granted under paragraph 3.3.3(c)
                          (Customer’s Audit Rights).
3.3.2
Data Incidents.
(a)
Incident Notification.
If Google becomes aware of a Data Incident
                        (as defined below), Google will: (i) notify Customer of the Data Incident without undue delay; and
                        (ii) promptly take reasonable steps to minimize harm and secure Customer Personal Data. In this
                        Appendix 1B, “
Data Incident
” means a breach of Google’s security leading to the
                        accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to,
                        Customer Personal Data on systems managed by or otherwise controlled by Google. “Data Incidents”
                        will not include unsuccessful attempts or activities that do not compromise the security of Customer
                        Personal Data, including unsuccessful log-in attempts, pings, port scans, denial of service attacks,
                        and other network attacks on firewalls or networked systems.
(b)
Delivery of Notification.
Google will deliver its notification of
                        any Data Incident to the email address designated by Customer, via the user interface of the RDP
                        Services or such other means provided by Google, to receive certain notifications from Google
                        relating to this Appendix 1B (“
Notification Email Address
”) or, at Google’s
                        discretion (including if Customer has not provided a Notification Email Address), by other direct
                        communication (for example, phone call, email, or an in-person meeting). Customer is solely
                        responsible for providing the Notification Email Address and ensuring that the Notification Email
                        Address is current and valid.
(c)
Third Party Notifications.
Customer is solely responsible for complying with incident notification laws
                        applicable to Customer and fulfilling any third party notification obligations related to any Data
                        Incident.
(d)
No Acknowledgement of Fault by Google.
Google’s notification of or response to a Data Incident under this paragraph 3.3.2
                        (Data Incidents) will not be construed as an acknowledgement by Google of any fault or liability
                        with respect to the Data Incident.
3.3.3
Customer’s Security Responsibilities and Assessment.
(a)
Customer’s Security Responsibilities.
Customer agrees that, without
                        prejudice to Google’s obligations under paragraphs 3.3.1 (Google’s Security Measures and Assistance)
                        and 3.3.2 (Data Incidents):
(i)
Customer is responsible for its use of the RDP Services, including: (1) making
                          appropriate use of the RDP Services to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk in
                          respect of Customer Personal Data; and (2) securing the account authentication credentials,
                          systems and devices Customer uses to access the RDP Services; and
(ii)
Google has no obligation to protect Customer Personal Data that Customer elects
                          to store or transfer outside of Google’s and its subcontractors’ systems.
(b)
Customer’s Security Assessment.
Customer acknowledges and agrees
                        that the Security Measures implemented and maintained by Google as set out in paragraph 3.3.1(a)
                        (Google’s Security Measures) provide a level of security appropriate to the risk in respect of
                        Customer Personal Data, taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation and
                        the nature, scope, context and purposes of the processing of Customer Personal Data as well as the
                        risks to individuals.
(c)
Customer’s Audit Rights.
(i)
Customer may conduct an audit to verify Google’s compliance with its obligations
                          under this Appendix 1B by requesting and reviewing (1) a certificate issued for security
                          verification reflecting the outcome of an audit conducted by a third party auditor (e.g., SOC 2
                          Type II or ISO/IEC 27001 certification or a comparable certification or other security
                          certification of an audit conducted by a third-party auditor agreed by Customer and Google)
                          within 12 months as of the date of Customer’s request and (2) any other information Google
                          determines is reasonably necessary for Customer to verify such compliance.
(ii)
Alternatively, Google may, at its sole discretion and in response to a request
                          by Customer, initiate a third-party audit to verify Google’s compliance with its obligations
                          under this Appendix 1B. During such an audit, Google will make available to the third-party
                          auditor all information necessary to demonstrate such compliance. Where Customer requests such
                          an audit, Google may charge a fee (based on Google’s reasonable costs) for any audit. Google
                          will provide Customer with further details of any applicable fee, and the basis of its
                          calculation, in advance of any such audit. Customer will be responsible for any fees charged by
                          any third-party auditor appointed by Customer to execute any such audit.
(iii)
Nothing in this Appendix 1B will require Google either to disclose to Customer
                          or its third-party auditor, or to allow Customer or its third-party auditor to access:
(1)
any data of any other customer of a Google Entity;
(2)
any Google Entity’s internal accounting or financial information;
(3)
any trade secret of a Google Entity;
(4)
any information that, in Google's reasonable opinion, could: (A) compromise
                            the security of any Google Entity’s systems or premises; or (B) cause any Google Entity to
                            breach its obligations under the US State Privacy Laws or its security and/or privacy
                            obligations to Customer or any third party; or
(5)
any information that Customer or its third party auditor seeks to access for
                            any reason other than the good faith fulfillment of Customer’s obligations under the US
                            State Privacy Laws.
3.4
Assistance with Impact Assessments.
Google will (taking into account the
                    nature of the processing and the information available to Google) assist Customer in meeting Customer’s (or,
                    where Customer is a processor, the relevant controller’s) obligations relating to data protection impact
                    assessments and prior regulatory consultations to the extent required under the US State Privacy Laws by:
(a)
providing the Security Documentation;
(b)
providing the information contained in the Agreement (including this Appendix 1B); and
(c)
providing or otherwise making available, in accordance with Google’s standard
                      practices, other materials concerning the nature of the RDP Services and the processing of Customer
                      Personal Data (for example, help center materials).
3.5
Data Subject Rights.
3.5.1
Responses to Data Subject Requests.
If Google receives a request from
                      a data subject in relation to Customer Personal Data, Customer authorizes Google to, and Google hereby
                      notifies Customer that it will:
(a)
respond directly to the data subject’s request in accordance with the standard
                        functionality of a tool (if any) made available by a Google Entity to data subjects that enables
                        Google to respond directly and in a standardized manner to certain requests from data subjects in
                        relation to Customer Personal Data (for example, online advertising settings or an opt-out browser
                        plugin) (“
Data Subject Tool
”) (if the request is made via a Data Subject Tool); or
(b)
advise the data subject to submit their request to Customer, and Customer will be
                        responsible for responding to such request (if the request is not made via a Data Subject Tool).
3.5.2
Google’s Data Subject Request Assistance.
Google will assist Customer
                      in fulfilling its (or, where Customer is a processor, the relevant controller’s) obligations under the
                      US State Privacy Laws to respond to requests for exercising the data subject’s rights, in all cases
                      taking into account the nature of the processing of Customer Personal Data and by:
(a)
providing the functionality of the RDP Services;
(b)
complying with the commitments set out in paragraph 3.5.1 (Responses to Data
                        Subject Requests); and
(c)
if applicable to the RDP Services, making available Data Subject Tools.
3.5.3
Rectification. If Customer becomes aware that any Customer Personal Data is
                      inaccurate or outdated, Customer will be responsible for rectifying or deleting that data if required by
                      the US State Privacy Laws, including (where available) by using the functionality of the RDP Services.
3.6
Subcontractors.
(a)
Customer generally authorizes Google to engage other entities as subcontractors in
                      connection with the provision of the RDP Services. When engaging any subcontractor, Google will:
(i)
ensure via a written contract that: (1) the subcontractor only accesses and uses
                        Customer Personal Data to the extent required to perform the obligations subcontracted to it, and
                        does so in accordance with the Agreement (including this Appendix 1B); and (2) if the processing of
                        Customer Personal Data is subject to the US State Privacy Laws, ensure that the data protection
                        obligations in this Appendix 1B are imposed on the subcontractor;
(ii)
when engaging any new subcontractors, provide notice of such new subcontractors
                        where required by US State Privacy Laws, and, where required by US State Privacy Laws, further
                        provide an opportunity for Customer to object to such subcontractors; and
(iii)
remain fully liable for all obligations subcontracted to, and all acts and
                        omissions of, the subcontractor.
(b)
Customer may object to any new subcontractor by terminating the Agreement for
                      convenience immediately upon written notice to Google, on condition that Customer provides such notice
                      within 90 days of being informed of the engagement of the new subcontractor as described in paragraph
                      3.6(a)(ii) herein.
3.7
Contacting Google
. Customer may contact Google in relation to the exercise
                    of its rights under this Appendix 1B via the methods described at
privacy.google.com/businesses/processorsupport
or via such other means as
                    may be provided by Google from time to time.
4.
US State Privacy Law Terms
4.1
Deidentified Data.
With respect to Customer Personal Data processed with or
                    without Restricted Data Processing enabled, and to the extent that one or more of the US State Privacy Laws
                    applies to the processing of Customer Personal Data, each party will comply with the requirements for
                    processing Deidentified Data set out in the US State Privacy Laws, with respect to any Deidentified Data it
                    receives from the other party pursuant to the Agreement. For purposes of this paragraph 4.1 (Deidentified
                    Data), Customer Personal Data means any personal data that is processed by a party under the Agreement in
                    connection with its provision or use of the Controller Services.
5.
Google’s CCPA Obligations.
5.1
With respect to Customer Personal Data processed under Restricted Data Processing and to the
                    extent that CCPA applies to such processing of Customer Personal Data, Google will act as Customer’s service
                    provider, and as such, unless otherwise permitted for service providers under CCPA, as reasonably determined
                    by Google:
(a)
Google will not sell or share any Customer Personal Data that it obtains from Customer
                      in connection with the Agreement;
(b)
Google will not retain, use or disclose Customer Personal Data (including outside of the
                      direct business relationship between Google and Customer), other than for a business purpose under the
                      CCPA on behalf of Customer and the specific purpose of performing the RDP Services, as further described
                      in supporting documentation available at
business.safety.google/rdp
, as updated from
                      time to time;
(c)
Google will not combine Customer Personal Data that Google receives from, or on behalf
                      of, Customer with (i) personal information that Google receives from, or on behalf of, another person or
                      persons or (ii) personal information collected from Google’s own interaction with a consumer, as further
                      described in supporting documentation available at
business.safety.google/rdp
except
                      to the extent permitted under CCPA;
(d)
Google will process such Customer Personal Data for the specific purpose of performing
                      the RDP Services, as further described in the Agreement and supporting documentation (e.g., help center
                      articles), or as otherwise permitted under the CCPA, and the parties agree that Customer is making such
                      Customer Personal Data available to Google for such purposes;
(e)
Google will allow audits to verify Google’s compliance with its obligations under this
                      Appendix 1B in accordance with paragraph 3.3.3(c) (Customer’s Audit Rights) herein;
(f)
Google will notify Customer if Google makes a determination that it can no longer meet
                      its obligations under the CCPA. This paragraph 5.1(f) does not reduce either party’s rights and
                      obligations elsewhere in the Agreement;
(g)
If Customer reasonably believes that Google is processing Customer Personal Data in an
                      unauthorized manner, Customer has the right to notify Google of such belief via the methods described at
privacy.google.com/businesses/processorsupport
, and the parties will
                      work together in good faith to remediate the allegedly violative processing activities, if necessary;
                      and
(h)
Google will comply with applicable obligations under CCPA and will provide the same
                      level of privacy protection as is required by CCPA.
5.2
With respect to Customer Personal Data processed without Restricted Data Processing
                    enabled, and to the extent that CCPA applies to the processing of Customer Personal Data:
(a)
Google will process such Customer Personal Data for the specific purpose of performing
                      the Controller Services, as applicable, as further described in the Agreement and supporting
                      documentation (e.g., help center articles), or as otherwise permitted under the CCPA, and the parties
                      agree that Customer is making such Customer Personal Data available to Google for such purposes;
(b)
Google will allow audits to verify Google’s compliance with its obligations under this
                      Appendix 1B in accordance with paragraph 3.3.3(c) (Customer’s Audit Rights) herein;
(c)
Google will notify Customer if Google makes a determination that it can no longer meet
                      its obligations under the CCPA;
(d)
If Customer reasonably believes that Google is processing Customer Personal Data in an
                      unauthorized manner, Customer has the right to notify Google of such belief via the methods described at
privacy.google.com/businesses/processorsupport
, and the parties will
                      work together in good faith to remediate the allegedly violative processing activities, if necessary;
                      and
(e)
Google will comply with applicable obligations under CCPA and will provide the same
                      level of privacy protection as is required by CCPA.
6.
Changes to this Appendix 1B.
In addition to Section 7 of the Controller Terms (Changes to these Controller Terms), as applicable, Google
                  may
                  change this Appendix 1B without notice if the change (a) is based on applicable law, applicable regulation,
                  a
                  court order, or guidance issued by a governmental regulator or agency or (b) does not have a material
                  adverse
                  impact on Customer under the US State Privacy Laws, as reasonably determined by Google.
7.
Subject Matter and Details of the Data Processing Under US State Privacy Laws
Subject Matter
Google’s provision of the RDP Services and any related technical support to Customer.
Duration of the Processing
The Term plus the period from the end of the Term until deletion of all Customer Personal Data by Google in
                  accordance with Appendix 1B
Nature and Purpose of the Processing
Google will process (including, as applicable to the RDP Services and the Instructions collecting, recording,
                  organizing, structuring, storing, altering, retrieving, using, disclosing, combining, erasing and
                  destroying)
                  Customer Personal Data for the purpose of providing the RDP Services and any related technical support to
                  Customer in accordance with Appendix 1B, or as otherwise permitted by processors under US State Privacy
                  Laws.
Types of Personal Data
Customer Personal Data may include the types of personal data described under the US State Privacy Laws.
Categories of Data Subjects
Customer Personal Data will concern the following categories of data subjects:
data subjects about whom Google collects personal data in its provision of the RDP Services; and/or
data subjects about whom personal data is transferred to Google in connection with the RDP Services
                      by,
                      at the direction of, or on behalf of Customer.
Depending on the nature of the RDP Services, these data subjects may include individuals: (a) to whom online
                  advertising has been, or will be, directed; (b) who have visited specific websites or applications in
                  respect of
                  which Google provides the RDP Services; and/or (c) who are customers or users of Customer’s products or
                  services.
Google Ads Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms, Version 8.0
30 May 2024
Previous Versions
1 September 2023
1 July 2023
1 January 2023
21 September 2022
27 September 2021
16 August 2020
12 August 2020
1 January 2020
31 October 2019
12 October 2017
Sub-policy 7
https://matomo.org/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Menu
MENU
MENU
Why Matomo?
100% Data Ownership
Privacy Protection
Product Features
Open Source
Flexibility
No Data Sampling
GDPR
Google Analytics Alternative
Use Cases
Complete Analytics
Intranet Analytics
Consent-Free Tracking
Tracking Personal Data
Marketing Attribution
No Limitations
Log Analytics
Cloud
On-Premise
Matomo On-Premise
On-Premise vs Cloud
Download for free
Marketplace
Support Plans
Pricing
Pricing
Contact Sales
Resources
NEW! 2025 Ethical Marketing Field Guide
Help
Blog
Guides
Masterclasses
Case Studies
Integrations
Contact the Matomo team
List of all features
Get involved
Log in
Help
TRY IT FOR FREE
Matomo Website Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 13 August 2024
This Privacy Policy replaces the earlier version published on this website.
We believe in openness, privacy and 100% data ownership. Matomo’s mission is to liberate analytics and we are passionate about measuring for success. These core values are ingrained into everything we do here at Matomo and that will never change.
This Policy describes the personal information (or personal data) we collect from you, how we use that information and our legal basis for doing so. It also covers whether and how that information may be shared and your rights and choices regarding the information you provide to us.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection and processing of information in the Matomo Cloud-hosted service provided by us, which is covered by the
Matomo Cloud Privacy Policy
and
Matomo Data Processing Addendum
.
This Privacy Policy applies to the information that we obtain from you through:
(a) your use of Matomo websites including their subdomains:
demo.matomo.cloud
,
forum.matomo.org
,
developer.matomo.org
,
shop.matomo.org
,
plugins.matomo.org
,
ios.matomo.org
,
issues.matomo.org
,
glossary.matomo.org
;
(b) any direct contact you make with our team via email, contact forms, newsletter subscriptions, surveys, or when you complete any on-line feedback forms;
(c) when you create, use and make purchases through your Matomo Marketplace account or download our software directly from our websites;
(d) when you interact with us via our social media accounts or
(e) when you apply for a role advertised on our websites.
This Privacy Policy also applies to instances where we may receive your personal data from third party service providers.
This Privacy Policy explains:
Who we are
What personal data we collect, when we receive and how we use it
Opt-out of website tracking
Legal bases
Your rights
Children’s privacy
Who we share your personal data with
Processors
Third party services we use
When you instruct us to transfer data to third parties
International transfers
Retention of data
How we protect your personal data
Automated decision-making including profiling
Privacy Policy changes
Contact us
Who we are
We are InnoCraft Limited (InnoCraft, we), a New Zealand registered company (NZBN 6106769), established by the creators of Matomo analytics. Our offices are located at 7 Waterloo Quay, PO625, 6140 Wellington, New Zealand.
We are the data controller, or agency, in relation to the activities described in this privacy policy, unless stated otherwise.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or you would like to access earlier versions of this Privacy Policy, please contact our privacy team at
privacy@matomo.org
.
What personal data we collect, when we receive it and how we use it
We will never sell your personal data to anyone.
In order for us to provide you the best possible experience on our websites and deliver our services to you, we collect and process certain personal data as follows:
(a) When you contact us via our websites or directly via email
— for example, when you ask for support, send us sales enquiries, questions, comments, feedback or when you complete a survey, customer satisfaction questionnaire or report a problem, we will collect your name, email address, your job title if provided, the content of the message, etc. We use this data to answer the queries we receive, to build business relationships, and to analyse the types of queries we receive and improve our customer management processes and to improve our products and services. If you do not provide your personal data, we will not be able to respond to you.
(b)	When you sign up to receive Matomo content or offers
– for example, when you sign up to receive our guidebooks or participate in our masterclasses, or when you subscribe to the newsletter, or consent to receiving marketing materials, we use your email address to deliver the resources you requested. You can always withdraw your consent to receive our marketing content by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ in the relevant emails or contacting
privacy@matomo.org
.
(c)	When you create an account
— when you sign up for and open an account on Matomo forum, or create an account on the Matomo Marketplace, we may ask you to provide us with information such as your name, email address and details about your organisation. In addition, when you use your Matomo Marketplace account to purchase premium plugins, we collect and process your username, password, payment information, phone number and physical address.  As otherwise detailed in this Privacy Policy, we will solely process this information to provide you with the service you signed up for. If you do not provide your personal data, we would not be able to create the accounts and you would not be able to purchase plugins on the Matomo Marketplace.
(d)	When you download Matomo On-Premise
– we collect and store the following information relating to your Matomo On-Premise software licence, which may in some cases include personal information: the IP address of the server where the instance is stored, URL of the customer, version of Matomo On-Premise downloaded and database version and programming language, time zone, number of websites tracked and number of licensed authorised users. We use this information to manage our licensing, billing and customer support.
(e) When you apply for a role advertised on our website
, we will collect your name, email address, country if provided, the role you are applying for and your CV and cover letter or message. We use the personal data you provide to evaluate your application and communicate with you during the recruitment process. If you don’t provide your personal data, we would not be able to process your application.
(f)	When you interact with us via social media
, e.g.,
Meta (Facebook)
,
GitHub
,
Hootsuite
,
LinkedIn
,
Mastodon
,
Reddit
,
YouTube
or
X (Twitter)
, or any other similar third party page, your personal data is processed by the social media platform providers under their privacy policies and processes. We process your personal data collected from social media, such as full name, business email address, job title, company, telephone number, any other personal data you provide us with to respond to your requests, develop a business relationship or send you direct marketing communications (subject to prior consent requirements where applicable). If we cannot use your personal data, we would not be able to respond to your requests, establish business relationships or send you marketing materials.
(g) 	We use data broker services to enrich our customer or prospective customer data
-  when you express interest in our product, sign up to our newsletter or other marketing materials, or are our customer, we use a data broker services provider identified in
Who we share your personal data with
(section (b)) to enable us to collate corporate and professional information about our customers and prospective customers. This allows us to understand our customers’ requirements better, customise sales and marketing efforts and develop our products. The data broker services process your email address as data processors for us, and provide us with the following information, if they hold it, from their database: Company (your employer company name and corporate details), your job title, industry, office location (including city), business telephone number, business email address, LinkedIn URL. In some cases, we may receive information about your previous employers and titles. We process this personal data on the basis of legitimate interest. Without the information we will not be able to customise our communications with you, to best meet your needs.
You can opt-out of data enrichment processing, by completing this
form
.
(h)	 Usage data - when you visit our site, we will store
: the website  which you visited us from, the parts of our site you visit, the date and duration of your visit, your IP address which we store in full form in the server logs for 30 days for security reasons and which we anonymise on receipt for use in website analytics, information from the device (device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) you used during your visit, and
more
. We process this usage data using our own analytics tool,
Matomo Analytics
, and we process the information for statistical purposes, to improve our site and to recognise and stop any misuse.
You can opt out of being tracked by our Matomo Analytics instance below.
(i)	Cookies
- we use cookies (small data files transferred onto computers or devices by sites) for record-keeping purposes and to enhance functionality on our site. You may deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings of your web browser. Cookies that are already stored may be deleted at any time.
Opt-out of website tracking
Please be aware that some browsers can delete the opt-out cookie if you have not visited our website in anywhere between 7 days (Safari), 45 days (Firefox) or 400 days (Chrome) as of the date of this policy. These timeframes may be subject to change. If you are not a regular visitor to our websites and wish to opt-out of analytics use, please check the setting when you visit, to make sure the opt-out is still recognised by your browser.
Legal bases
We process your Personal Data on the following legal bases:
Consent
– We may process your Personal Data for one or more specific purposes if you give us your consent, for example we ask for your consent to receive marketing materials, surveys or general information about our products. Whenever we process your Personal Data on the basis of your consent, we will ask you for it and inform you about your right to withdraw it.
Contract performance and pre-contractual requests
– We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or for the performance of pre-contractual measures, which are carried out at your request. For example, when you send us a sales enquiry, when you download Matomo On-Premise, when you purchase a plugin or process a payment, when you send us a customer support request or a technical query.
Legal obligation
– We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, for example, to comply with any applicable tax laws.
Legitimate interests
– We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, unless these are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, when we process your enquiries for customer relationship management purposes or when we enrich customer or prospective customer data with data from a third party provider, as explained in the
Third Party Services We Use
section.
Your Rights
Data subject rights vary depending on the applicable privacy laws. We are based in New Zealand and governed by the New Zealand Privacy Act and any privacy laws that apply to the processing because of their extra-territorial effect (e.g. EU GDPR, UK GDPR).
If the EU GDPR or UK GDPR is the law applicable to our processing of your data, you have the right of access to your Personal Data and to information regarding the processing of Personal Data by InnoCraft, the right to rectification/correction, erasure, restriction of processing and the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data. You also have the right to receive your Personal Data in a structured, common and machine-readable format and to transmit it or have it transmitted to another controller. If you have given us your consent for processing your Personal Data, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future.
To the extent any U.S. state privacy act applies to our processing of your personal information, your rights may include a right to access, correct, delete, opt-out of certain processing, right to portability, right to opt-in for sensitive data processing, right against automated decision making or other rights provided for under applicable laws.
We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if we have Personal Data about you through you having made contact with us directly and/or you using our site and/or service. We cannot provide, rectify or delete any data that we store on behalf of our users or customers. If you wish to exercise your rights in relation to personal data processed by a publisher or a website using Matomo Analytics, please contact the publisher first.
To exercise any of the rights mentioned in this Privacy Policy and/or in the event of questions or comments relating to the use of Personal Data you may contact our privacy team:
privacy@matomo.org
In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or a supervisory authority responsible for protecting your privacy rights, e.g.:
New Zealand: Office of the Privacy Commissioner: https://www.privacy.org.nz/about-us/contact/
UK: Information Commissioner’s Office: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
EU: select the appropriate authority from the list provided by European Data Protection Board https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
Australia: Office of the Australian Information Commissioner: https://www.oaic.gov.au/about-us/contact-us/
Rest of the world: please contact us on privacy@matomo.org and we can provide you with the details of the appropriate authority.
Children’s Privacy
Our websites and products are not intended for children or minors. We do not knowingly collect children’s or minors’ personal data. Any accounts created by a child or a minor without parental consent and brought to our attention will be deleted as required by law.
Who We Share Your Personal Data With
A. Processors
We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data processing and/or service offerings. These service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. We only share information with them that is required for the services offered and we contractually bind them to treat any information we share with them as confidential and to process personal data only according to our instructions.
Recipient
Purpose of processing
Our legal basis for processing
Data location and security
Personal data collected by the third party
Privacy Terms
AlwaysData S.à r.l.
,
Secure infrastructure for website servers, databases and logs
Contract (customers, potential customers)
Legitimate interest (other data subjects):
security
Europe, France
IP address (stored for 30 days for security reasons), contact information provided via forms, subscriptions or queries
Processing covered by
DPA
Atlassian Pty Limited and Atlassian, Inc.
Company work management
Legitimate interest
workflow management
USA
name, email address, role of customers
Processing covered by
DPA
Calendly LLC
To book calls with customers, prospective customers or applicants
Contract
USA
Name, email, time zone and date of appointment
Processing covered by
DPA
ChartMogul Ltd
Customer relationship management analytics
Legitimate interest
analysis of data from prospects, leads or customers to improve products, sales and marketing
Germany
B2B customer/prospect: job title, name, phone number, email address.
Processing covered by
DPA
Dovetail Research Pty Ltd
To transcribe, summarise, and process your feedback given in video interviews using
AI tools
Consent
Australia and the EU
Video recording of the interview, transcript, contact details, personal information given during the interview
Processing covered by DPA (available on request) including
AI terms
Employ, Inc. (previously Lever)
To receive job applications and reply to applicants
Contract
USA
All candidate information, resume, references, when staff come onboard after recruitment (successful candidates): Job application details (Email, name, CV/resume, IP address), etc.
Processing covered by
DPA
HappyScribe Ltd.
Transcription of calls with customers and prospective customers
Consent
Ireland
Name, email address, role of customers
Link
Help Scout, PBC
To receive and reply to your messages after you contact us
Consent:
processing and responding to visitors
Contract:
providing customer support or
responding to sales enquiries
Legitimate Interest:
internal communication and management of customer support tasks workflow
USA
Message sent, Name, Email, if included in the email: contact address, job title, company name, company contact details.
Processing covered by
DPA
HubSpot, Inc.
To send marketing materials;
To receive webinar signup confirmation, reminder and follow-up emails
Consent
EU
Email
Processing covered by
DPA
HubSpot, Inc.
CRM system
Legitimate interest:
Processing data from prospects, leads or customers, analysing and improving marketing strategies
EU
Name, email, job title, company name, company contact details, sale details, account type, number of authorised users, requirements, account activation, etc.
Processing covered by
DPA
Intuition Machines
Authorisation
Legitimate interest
ensuring security and authorisation
USA
IP address numbers, device information.
Processing covered by
DPA
MadMimi
(owned by
GoDaddy Operating Company, LLC)
To send you our newsletter emails after you sign up
Consent
USA
Email
Processing covered by
DPA
Microsoft France SAS
Use Microsoft 365 to manage workflows, files and documentation; email correspondence; meetings and scheduling
Consent:
processing and responding to visitors
Contract:
managing and providing customer support or
responding to sales enquiries
Legitimate interest (in other cases):
workflow, file and documentation management;
correspondence;
meeting scheduling
France, EU
Name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, department, role, company name; 

Correspondence; 

Associated Matomo account; 

Billing address, subscriptions and payment history
Processing is covered by DPA (available on request)
Productboard, Inc
To collate and process product and services feedback
Legitimate interest:
processing product and services feedback
USA
Work title and company name, any personal data included in the feedback.
Processing is covered by DPA (available on request)
Slack Technologies Limited
(Ireland)
Used for internal company communications
Legitimate interest:
internal chat tool to discuss projects, requests, workflow, operations
TBC
Name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, department, role, company name;
Correspondence;
Associated Matomo account;
Billing address, subscriptions and payment history;
Processing covered by
DPA
Userlike UG
To be able to chat with you
Consent
Germany
IP Address, Chat transcript, Email address, Browser, Operating system, Device, Number of page requests, Number of page visits, Referrer, URL (where the chat originated), Questionnaire before and after the chat (optional), Chat topic, Chat status (new, pending, closed), Chat evaluation after the chat, Duration of the chat, Date of the chat, Geo location (voluntary, optional), Media files shared by the contact with the operator during the chat
Processing covered by
DPA
UXtweak j.s.a.
To collect user/customer feedback
Consent
Slovenia
Name, email, job title, company, feedback
Processing covered by
DPA
Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd.
To host customer feedback surveys
Legitimate interest:
collect customer feedback;
improve product and services
EU
Customer email and feedback
link
(DPA available on request)
B. Third party services we use
When you visit our websites, or purchase products or services, we use the following third party services providers who collect and process your data as data controllers or joint controllers with us. These providers may collect personal data beyond the data we collect about you.
Please refer to the privacy policies of these third parties for full information about what personal data these third parties collect about you, how they process the data, on what legal basis and how to exercise your data subject rights against them.
Recipient
Purpose of processing
Our legal basis for processing
Data location and security
Examples of personal data collected by the third party
Third party Privacy Policy
Cognism Limited
To enable customer and prospective customer data enrichment in B2B (business to business) context. This is to enable us to tailor our communications with you to better fit your needs and to better understand our customer base.
Legitimate interest
sales and marketing
customisation of communications
product development
UK, Croatia
Company (employer company and company details), Job Title, Industry, Office location (including city), Business telephone number, Business email address, LinkedIn URL. In some cases we may receive from Cognism information about your previous employers and titles.
    
    You can
opt out of Cognism Data
processing or opt out from us enriching your data by completing this
form
.
link
Communiteq Q B.V.
(previously Discourse Hosting)
To enable users to create an account on Matomo forum and participate in the forum.
Contract
Germany
Email address, Username, Name, Password, Posts
link
Quickchannel AB
To sign up for live webinar, receive confirmation, reminder and follow-up emails and participate in live webinars; to control live webinar access
Contract
Sweden (EU)
Name, Email, Company, Phone number, IP address, Browser information, Operating system, Type of device, Screen size, Internet connection
link
PayPal Pte. Ltd.
(PayPal Braintree)
To receive payments
Contract
USA Singapore
Username, password, names, e-mail, payment information, phone number, billing address
link
Youtube
(operated by
Google LLC
)
Social media content provision and interactions
To embed video files on our websites. We use Privacy Enhanced Mode to prevent your viewing of the embedded content being used to personalise your YouTube browsing experience
Legitimate interest (content creation and user interaction)
or
Consent (if required for specific processing, e.g., embedding content on our website)
USA
At minimum your IP address, data processing in local storage and possibly cookies. If you are logged into Google account, Google may merge this action with your account.
link
Zoom Video Communications, Inc.
To conduct meetings with customers and prospective customers
Contract
USA
Profile info (unique user ID); profile picture; Diagnostic Data (event logs, session information, host and participant information);Telemetry data (data collected from devices, microphone, speaker, hard disk ID, MAC address); other service data;  Customer authentication data; session content, chat messages, customer initiated cloud recordings; meeting and participant info, stored chat info, etc.
link
C. When you instruct us to transfer data to third parties
Looker Studio Integration
: We provide the
Matomo Connector
(the “Connector”), designed to facilitate the seamless integration of your Matomo On-Premise account data with Looker Studio. Should you choose to activate or utilise the Matomo Connector, please be aware of the following:
Data Export
: Upon activation of the Matomo Connector, all data stored within your Matomo account will be exported to Looker Studio. This transfer is initiated by you and is under your control.
Data Privacy
: Once your data is exported to Looker Studio, it will be governed by the applicable
Looker Studio terms of service and policies
provided by Google. We strongly advise you to review their terms and policies and understand the implications before initiating the data transfer.
Privacy Considerations
: Transferring data, especially visitor data, to external platforms can have privacy implications. It's crucial to ensure that you have the necessary permissions and have considered the privacy ramifications of such a transfer.
Exclusive Connector Use
: To ensure the security and privacy of your data, we recommend exclusively using the
Matomo Connector
for this integration. Avoid using third-party connectors or tools for Looker Studio that claim compatibility with Matomo, as we cannot vouch for their security or data handling practices.
International transfers
If the EU GDPR or UK GDPR applies to our processing of your personal data, we receive it in New Zealand on the basis of adequacy decision. For the above processors and third-party services, we transfer your personal  data to a third country (i.e. outside the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area (EEA)) or the processing takes place in the context of the use of third-party services or the disclosure or transfer of data to other persons, bodies or companies, only in accordance with the applicable legal requirements.
Specifically, for the above processors and third-party services, we process or allow the data to be processed on the basis of adequacy or standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission, subject to data transfer impact assessments where required. More information on this is available from us upon request.
Retention of data
We will retain your information as long as your account is active, as necessary to provide you with the services or as otherwise set forth in this Policy. We will also retain and use this information as necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy and to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and protect our legal rights.
We also collect and maintain aggregated, anonymised information which we may retain indefinitely to protect the safety and security of our websites, improve our Services or comply with legal obligations.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
Data security is important to us. We process your personal data securely, using appropriate technical and organisation measures designed to protect your data from unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration or loss. Some of the measures applied by InnoCraft include: use of secure cloud infrastructure compliant with a number of information security standards, access controls, bug bounty, in-transit and at-rest encryption, response and tracking of security risks and availability controls.
If you have any concerns about the security of your personal data, please contact us immediately using the contact details provided below.
Automated decision-making including profiling
We do not perform automated decision making or profiling.
Privacy Policy changes
We may update this Policy from time to time. If we do, we’ll let you know about any material changes, either by notifying you on the website or by sending you an email. Once posted on this website, the amended Privacy Policy will be effective as of the Effective Date stated above.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or how your personal data is processed, please contact us by emailing
privacy@matomo.org
or via the contact form:
matomo.org/contact
.
If you are based in New Zealand, you can write to us at our registered address: InnoCraft Limited, 7 Waterloo Quay, PO625, 6140 Wellington, New Zealand, Attention: Privacy Officer.
We aim to respond to your inquiries as soon as reasonably possible. If you want to give us feedback on how we handled your request, please let us know. We are always trying to improve.
EU Representative
Because InnoCraft is located outside of the EU and UK, the InnoCraft team has named a representative of controllers or processors not established in the EU or the EEA and in the UK (Art. 27 GDPR):
If you are a resident of the EU or the EEA, you can contact:
ePrivacy Holding GmbH
Burchardstraße 14
20095 Hamburg
Germany
www.eprivacy.eu/en/legal
If you are a resident of the UK, you can contact:
UK Representative Service for GDPR Ltd.
7 Savoy Court
London WC2R 0EX
United Kingdom
www.eprivacy.eu/en/legal
External Data Protection Officer
If you wish to communicate directly with our Data Protection Officer (because you have a particularly sensitive matter for example), please contact them by post, as communication by e-mail could always have security gaps.
Please state in your request that your concern relates to the company InnoCraft.
External Data Protection Officer
ePrivacy GmbH
represented by Prof. Dr.
Christoph Bauer
Burchardstraße 14, 20095 Hamburg
Germany
Sub-policy 8
https://matomo.org/docs/privacy/:

Sub-policy 9
https://www.paypal.com/ie/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full?locale.x=en_IE:
Back To Home Page
PayPal Privacy Statements
1. Overview
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
3. Non-Account Holders
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
10. Your Data Protection Rights
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement.
16. Banking Regulations Notice for Users in the EEA and UK
17. Definitions
18. Our Contact Information
Download Printable PDF
PayPal Privacy Statements
Last updated on 15 April 2024
Please contact us if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or in general questions regarding your Personal Data. Your information will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
1. Overview
This Privacy Statement aims to provide you with sufficient information regarding our use of your Personal Data when you visit our website, apply for, or use our services (collectively, the “
Services”
)
, We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to use it to help you make informed decisions.
Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in the Statement are explained in Section 17 (“
Definitions
”) at the end of this statement.
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
In the European Economic Area (EEA),
PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.
is the data controller for the Personal Data collected and processed in connection with Personal Data obtained when you visit our website, during the registration and application process, and throughout your continued use of the services.
Any reference made to “we”, “ours”, “us”, “
PayPal
” or “
PayPal Companies
” included in this Privacy Statement means PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. and the group of companies which each directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or are under common ownership.
Some of the third-parties that we share Personal Data with are independent data controllers. This means that we are not the ones that dictate how the data that we share will be processed. Examples are authorities, credit bureaus, acquirers, and other financial institutions. When your data is shared with independent data controllers, their data policies will apply. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
For more information about how we protect your Personal Data when transferred outside of the EEA, UK and Switzerland, please see Section 8, (“
International Transfers of Personal Data
”)
3. Non-Account Holders
Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a PayPal account or profile. We will collect Personal Data from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you use our Services without a PayPal account, use Unbranded Payment Services (e.g. Braintree), or when you receive a payment through our Services from account holders (“Recipient”). We use the term “User” to apply to account and non-account holders. If you are a non-account holder, your Personal Data will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
We collect the following categories of information about you to provide our Services, continually improve your user experience, manage and improve our business. The types of Personal Data we collect about you are described below.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from you,
including from your interactions with us and use of the Services:
Registration and Contact Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect your name, mailing address, email, income, telephone number, tax ID, Payment Information, profession, employment or business information, and other information necessary to establish an account and use our Services.
Identification and Signature Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect information to verify your name, address, email, phone number, government- issued identification, age and biometric data as well as to create and issue your electronic signature.
Payment Information
. Information such as amount you send or request, your payment instrument, card, or financial or funding account used in connection with the Services, including issuer name, card type, country code, payment account number, CVV, username, and IBAN information.
Information about your imported contacts
. If you choose to import your contact lists, we will collect Information you enter or import about your contacts, such as name, address, phone number, images, email address or usernames associated with the contacts you import or enter manually.
Information in your Account Profile.
Information you choose to enter such as your username, email, mobile number, profile picture, preferred language, or personal description which may include sensitive Personal Data that reveals religious beliefs, political or philosophical views, disability, sexual orientation as well as biometric data. You can set your profile to “Private” at any time.
Information you provide when you contact us
. Information you disclose when you respond to surveys, or contact our customer support teams, such as Services you have used, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account status, repayment history, voice identification. This may include information about others if you choose to share it with us.
Device Information.
Information that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Inferred data.
We may derive inferences from your transactions and personal data when you use the Services. We do this, for example, to help keep your account secure and protect your use of the Services from fraud. We may draw inferences that reflect your behavior patterns and personal preferences, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from third parties,
including from identity verification vendors, data brokers, vendors that help us with fraud detection, your bank, merchants or third party platforms you engage with using our Services:
Information from your connected third party accounts
. If you choose to connect non-financial or financial account such as your personal email, social media, or bank or credit accounts, we will collect information consistent with the disclosed purpose for which it was linked. For example, if you choose to participate in
Open Banking
, we will collect account credentials, account balances, account transactions, and information about your financial standing from your linked accounts. You may change your mind about use of this feature and unlink your connected accounts at any time.
Information from Credit Reporting Agencies
. Where permitted by law, we collect credit-related information such as outstanding and historical debt, repayment history, previous credit approvals, current employment relationship, and relationship with other financial institutions within the framework of your use of our Services.
Transaction Information
. Information about your order details and purchases, such as item description, quantity, price, currency, shipping address, online shopping cart information, seller and buyer information, and Payment Information. This includes information from your transactions where you use our Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Guest checkout).
Information related to legal requirements
. Consistent with applicable law (et. anti-money laundering laws), this may include information from external sanction lists such as name, date of birth, place of birth, occupation, and the reason why the person is on the list in question.
Third party applications
. Information from others from your use of third-party applications, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, social networking sites, such as name, your social network ID, Location Information, email, device ID, browser ID, and profile picture. Your use of third-party applications is subject to the privacy notice and terms of service for such applications.
Categories of Personal Data automatically collected about you, including through your access to our website or mobile app, from cookies and similar tracking technologies, and your devices:
Technical Usage Data
. Information about response time for web pages, download errors and date and time when you used the service, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies (“
Technical Usage Data
”).
Information from your device
. Information about your language settings, IP address, browser ID, device ID, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution and similar information about your device settings, and data collected from cookies or other tracking technologies,
Location Information
. Information from IP-based geolocation such as latitude and longitude data, and Global Positioning System (GPS) information when you give us permission through your device settings.
Inferred data
. Inferences drawn to create a profile about you that may reflect behavior patterns and personal preferences, such as gender, income, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
We may
process
your Personal Data for a variety of reasons that are permitted under data protection laws applicable in the European Union (EU), United Kingdom (UK), and Switzerland, and in accordance with the lawful bases below:
We collect the following Personal Data we consider
necessary to fulfil our pre-contractual and contractual obligations
to you and without which you will not be able to use the Services.
Necessary categories of Personal Data include:
Registration and Contact Information
Identification and Signature Information
Payment Information
Information related to legal requirements
Information you provide when you contact us
Transaction information
Package
     Tracking
Service-specific Personal Data
Information from credit reporting agencies and financial institutions
Information from your connected financial accounts
Information from your use of the Services
Technical usage data
Device information
Location data
These activities include
:
to provide our Services, to fulfil relevant agreements with you and to otherwise administer our business relationship with you.
to administer your payment for products and the customer relationship.
to assess your creditworthiness in connection with your application, confirm your identity and your contact information, and protect you and others from fraud.
to confirm your identity, also through the use of electronic signature, and verify your personal and contact details.
to prove that transactions have been executed.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to comply with internal procedures.
to assess which payment options and services to offer you, for example by carrying out internal and external credit assessments.
for customer analysis, to administer our Services, and for internal operations, for example troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and statistical purposes.
to communicate with you in relation to our Services.
to comply with applicable EU and Member State laws, such as anti-money laundering and booking keeping laws and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks.
We have a legitimate interest in ensuring that PayPal remains a secure financial service and continuing to offer services that are innovative and of interest to you. We do this where
our legitimate interests are not outweighed by your right not to have your data processed for this purpose
.
These activities include:
to ensure that content is presented in the most effective way for you and your device.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to determine your eligibility for and to communicate with you about Services for which you may qualify or that may be of interest to you, for example by carrying out internal credit assessments.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to improve our Services and for general business development purposes, for example improving risk models to minimize fraud, develop new products and features and explore new business opportunities.
To keep your Account and financial information up to date.
for marketing, product and customer analysis, including testing, for example to improve our product range and optimize our customer offerings.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering, bookkeeping laws, regulatory capital adequacy requirements, and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities where we are not compelled by EU and Member State law but where we have a good faith belief that sharing the information is necessary to comply with applicable law.
to facilitate your participation in competitions, offerings, and events.
to conduct financial risk management obligations such as credit performance and quality, insurance risks and compliance with capital adequacy requirements under applicable law
to process information about your contacts to make it easy for you to find and connect them and improve payment accuracy.
By providing us with information about your contacts you certify that you have permission to provide that information to PayPal for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
to provide you with information, news, and marketing about our Services, including where we partner with others to offer similar services.
to associate information about you to identify your use of Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Pay without a PayPal account) or Unbranded Payment Services (e.g. such as Braintree) and to associate such transactions with your account, if you have one or later establish an account.
to remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services, such as which of your payment methods you prefer or whether you choose to receive digital receipts via email or text when you checkout.
We have a legal obligation under EU and Member State laws to conduct certain processing activities.
We do this where it is necessary to comply with applicable laws
.
These activities include:
to provide our Services and products.
to certify your identity, also for signature purposes, and verify your personal and contact details.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering and bookkeeping laws and regulatory capital adequacy requirements and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities.
We rely on your explicit and voluntary consent
to process your Personal Data to participate in certain features that while not necessary for use of the Services may be of interest to you, such as syncing your contact list to your account, providing biometric data, targeted advertising, linking your email account for package tracking or connecting to a third-party platform. You may change your mind about use of these features at any time through your account settings. Note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we have conducted prior to your withdrawal. Please refer to Section 10 (“
Your data protection rights
”) for more information on your right to withdraw your consent.
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
We will share your Personal Data with third parties where there is a lawful basis to do so.
This includes:
With other PayPal Companies
, in order to provide you with the Services and for our own legitimate interests in conducting our business. These interests are described further in Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which legal basis?
”)
. The receiving PayPal company will process your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
With authorities
, to the extent we are under a legal obligation to do so. Such authorities include tax authorities, police authorities, enforcement authorities and supervisory authorities in relevant countries. We may also be required to provide competent authorities information about your use of our Services, for example revenue or tax authorities, which may include your name, address and information regarding card transactions processed by us on your behalf through our Services. The legal basis for complying with disclosure obligations under EU and Member States’ law is legal obligation and where acting under non-EU and Member State law, on the basis of our legitimate interest to comply with relevant laws to deter illegal conduct.
With other financial institutions and card networks
, for example to facilitate payment processing, to jointly offer a product or to add cards to your electronic wallet. The legal basis for our disclosure is performance of our contract with you. These parties may also access your Personal Data for other legitimate purposes such as identification verification, fraud prevention and risk management. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our partners to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
, for example to assist us in detecting activities suggestive of fraud. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our partners to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With debt collection agencies,
for example to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency. We do this on the basis of our legitimate interest to conduct business and recover debts. Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them, and they may report your unpaid debts to credit reporting agencies which may affect your creditworthiness or ability to secure future credit.
With service providers
that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as marketing, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support and customer service operations. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With other Users in accordance with your Account Settings
. You may display or make certain information available to other Users, such as your profile photo, first and last name, username, or city in accordance with your Account Settings. The legal basis for this processing is your consent. Please note that you can change your profile settings at any time and at no cost to you.
With financial institutions in connection with your participation in Open Banking
, for example when you initiate an Account connection with another bank, card account, or aggregator. We do this to check if you have sufficient funds or confirm your ownership of the account. When you choose to link your Account the legal basis for accessing your account data is performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With partners and merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction
, for example when you use the Services to initiate online purchases, pay other Users, or return goods we may share information about you and your Account with the other parties involved in processing your transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you and for our legitimate interests. Please note that Personal Data shared with partners and merchants (or their service providers) involved in a transaction is subject to the partners and merchants’ own privacy policy and procedures.
With third parties that are independent data controllers
, for example when we share Personal Data to credit reference agencies, acquirers and other financial institutions, or security products to prevent bots from accessing our Services.
Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them
. For example, we use Google’s reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
apply to the processing of Personal Data you share with them. For more information specific to credit reference agencies we partner to assess your creditworthiness, see Section 12, (“
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
”).
With buyers or in connection with business transfer
, for example if we sell business or assets, we may share your Personal Data to a buyer of those business or assets. If PayPal or a significant portion of PayPal’s assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Data may also be shared. PayPal has a legitimate interest in being able to carry out these transactions.
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
We retain Personal Data for as long as needed or permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows:
Personal Data used for the ongoing relationship between you and PayPal is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years
Personal Data in relation to a legal obligation to which we are subject is retained consistent with the applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations.
We retain Personal Data for the least amount of time necessary where retention is advisable in light of litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims.
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
We operate in many countries, and we (or our service providers) may move your data and process it outside the country where you live. We use third-party service providers to process and store your information in the United States and other countries. These countries do not always afford an equivalent level of privacy protection. We have taken specific steps, in accordance with EU and UK data protection laws, to protect your Personal Data. For transfers of your Personal Data within PayPal Companies, we rely on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent Supervisory Authorities (available
here
). Other transfers are based on standard contractual clauses, approved by the European Commission, to help ensure your information is afforded a high standard of protection and that your privacy rights are respected.
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to recognise you as a User, customise your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Sites and Services. Certain aspects and features of our Services and Sites are only available through the use of Cookies, so if you decline certain Cookies, your use of the Sites and Services may be limited or not possible.
We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and inferences as described above.
Cookies help us to do the following:
Remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it
Track and understand how you use and interact with our online services and emails
Tailor our online services to your preferences
Measure how useful and effective our services and communications are to you
Otherwise manage and enhance our products and services
Do Not Track (DNT) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third parties. At this time our Sites are not designed to respond to DNT signals or similar mechanisms from browsers.
Please review our
Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies
to learn more about our use of Cookies.
10. Your Data Protection Rights
Under applicable data protection law, you have certain rights to control our collection and use of your Personal Data. Your rights include:
Access, rectification, deletion, objection, portability, and restriction of your information
We recognize the importance of your ability to control use of your Personal Data and provide several ways for you to exercise your rights to access (right to know), rectification (correction or update), deletion (erasure), objection, portability (transferring), and to restrict process in whole or in part.
If you have an Account you can exercise your data protection rights by accessing “Data and Privacy” from Account Settings in the PayPal app. Even if you do not you have an Account (for example, where you use Payment without a PayPal account), you can submit a request for access, modification, correction, or deletion of your information, for your Payment without a PayPal account transactions. You can submit a request related to someone else’s information, if you are their authorized agent, by contacting us. Please note that we may require you to provide additional information for verification.
Your right to object to the Automated Decisions and profiling
If you are not approved under the Automated Decisions described below, you will not have access to our services, such as our payment methods. PayPal has several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. If you have any concern about the outcome, you can
contact us
, and we will determine whether the procedure was performed appropriately.
You have the right to object to an Automated Decision with legal consequences or decisions which can otherwise significantly affect you (together with the relevant profiling) by
contacting us
. We will then review the decision, taking into account relevant additional circumstances.
Consent
Generally, if we use your Personal Data with your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on a lawful processing ground other than consent.
Right to object to Direct Marketing
If we use your Personal Data for direct marketing, you can always modify your permissions, object and opt out of future direct marketing messages using the unsubscribe link in electronic communications or through your Account Settings.
Right to object to Legitimate Interest processing
If we use your Personal Data to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third-party, you have the right to object to our use for that purpose. See Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
”)
How do you exercise your rights and how can you contact us or the data protection authority?
If you are unhappy with our processing of your Personal Data for any reason, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection in your country.
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted online or by post at PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg.
You may also seek a remedy through
local courts
if you believe your rights have been breached.
You may also lodge a complaint with
our lead supervisory authority for data protection
, Luxemburg National Commission for Data Protection (CNPD) by post at Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Donnees, Service des plaints, 15, Boulevard du Jazz, L-4370 Belvaux, Luxembourg.
UK Representative can be contacted by post for any UK-specific data protection inquiries at Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
“
Automated-decision making”
is the process of making a decision by fully automated means without human involvement. In some cases these decisions
could have a legal or similarly significant
effect on you as an individual. “
Profiling
” means analysis of an individual's personality, behaviour, interest and habits to make predictions or decisions about them. Where authorised under EU or Member State law or where necessary for the entry into or performance of a contract, we may in some cases use automated decision-making or profiling for decisions. An example of our use of automated decision making is evaluation of your creditworthiness to assess your suitability for certain credit products.
We believe that by making such decisions automatically, PayPal increases its objectivity and transparency in deciding which services to offer you. We deploy several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. You can always ask for a manual decision-making process instead, express your opinion or contest decision making based solely on automated processing, including profiling, if such a decision would produce
legal effects or otherwise similarly significantly affect you
. You can find out more about how to object to these decisions in Section 10
(“Your data protection rights”)
.
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
if you require more information on our use of Automated-decision making or Profiling.
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
If you have applied for or use our credit Services, in order to process your application, we may supply your Personal Data to credit reference agencies (CRAs) and they will give us information about you, such as your financial history. We do this to assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity.
The legal bases for such transmissions are found in Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b (contractual) and Article 6, paragraph 1, letter f (legitimate interest) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“EU GDPR”).
We will also continue to exchange information about you with CRAs on an ongoing basis, including about your settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time. This information may be supplied by CRAs to other organizations to perform similar checks and to trace your whereabouts and recover debts that you owe.
Your data will also be linked to the data of any joint applicants or other financial associates.
How to Find Out More
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
for details of which CRA we have used for a specific search.
The list of CRAs used in the UK and EEA, can be found
here
, including identities of the CRAs used in each relevant country, and a link to their privacy notice from which you can determine the ways in which they use and share Personal Data, including how long they will retain such Personal Data. You can contact the credit reference agencies operating in the country in which you live directly if you have any questions regarding their services, your credit score or the information they have stored about you, or if you wish to exercise your data subject rights towards them.
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Data against loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres, and information access authorisation controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and Account/profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Data we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Data that we share with a third-party based on an account connection that you have authorised.
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Data, from children under the age of 16 or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Sites and Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Data from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
Please
contact us
if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services.
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement.
We revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "
Policy Updates
" or "
Privacy Statement
" page of our website, otherwise the revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date.
16. Banking Regulations Notice for Users in the EEA and UK
In general, the Luxembourg laws to which PayPal’s handling of user data is subject (data protection and bank secrecy) require a higher degree of transparency than most other EU laws. This is why, unlike the vast majority of providers of internet-based services or financial services in the EU, PayPal has listed in this Privacy Statement the third party service providers and business partners to whom we may disclose your data, together with the purpose of disclosure and type of information disclosed. You will find a link to those third parties
here
. By accepting this Privacy Statement and maintaining an account with PayPal, you expressly agree to the transfer of your data to those third parties for the purposes listed.
PayPal may update the list of third parties referred to above on the first business day of every quarter (January, April, July and October). PayPal will only start transferring any data to any of the new entities or for the new purposes or data types indicated in each update after 30 days from the date when that list is made public through this Privacy Statement. You should review the list each quarter on the PayPal website on the dates stated above. If you do not object to the new data disclosure, within 30 days after the publication of the updated list of third parties, you are deemed to have accepted the changes to the list and to this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with the changes, you may close your account and stop using our services.
In order to provide the PayPal Services, certain of the information we collect (as set out in this Privacy Statement) may be required to be transferred to other PayPal related companies or other entities, including those referred to in this section in their capacity as payment providers, payment processors or account holders (or similar capacities). You acknowledge that according to their local legislation, such entities may be subject to laws, regulations, inquiries, investigations, or orders which may require the disclosure of information to the relevant authorities of the relevant country. Your use of the PayPal Services constitutes your consent to our transfer of such information to provide you the PayPal Services.
Specifically, you agree to and direct PayPal to do any and all of the following with your information:
a. Disclose necessary information to: the police and other law enforcement agencies; security forces; competent governmental, intergovernmental or supranational bodies; competent agencies, departments, regulatory authorities, self-regulatory authorities or organisations (including, without limitation, the Agencies referenced in the “Agencies” section of the Third Party Provider List
here
) and other third parties, including PayPal Group companies, that (i) we are legally compelled and permitted to comply with, including but without limitation the Luxembourg laws of 24 July 2015 on the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA Law”) and 18 December 2015 on the OECD common reporting standard (“CRS Law”); (ii) we have reason to believe it is appropriate for us to cooperate with in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity or potential illegal activity, or (iii) to conduct investigations of violations of our User Agreement (including without limitation, your funding source or credit or debit card provider).
If you are covered by the FATCA or CRS Law, we are required to give you notice of the information about you that we may transfer to various authorities. Please read more about PayPal's obligations under the FATCA and CRS Law and how they could affect you as well as take note of the information we may disclose as result.
We and other organisations, including parties that accept PayPal, may also share, access and use (including from other countries) necessary information (including, without limitation the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies) to help us and them assess and to manage risk (including, without limitation, to prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing). Please contact us if you want to receive further details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies. For more information on these Agencies, fraud prevention agencies and other third parties, click
here
.
b. Disclose Account Information to intellectual property right owners if under the applicable national law of an EU member state they have a claim against PayPal for an out-of-court information disclosure due to an infringement of their intellectual property rights for which PayPal Services have been used (for example, but without limitation, Sec. 19, para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Trademark Act or Sec. 101, para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Copyright Act).
c. Disclose necessary information in response to the requirements of the credit card associations or a civil or criminal legal process.
d. Disclose your name and PayPal link in the PayPal user directory. Your details will be confirmed to other PayPal users in response to a user searching using your name, email address or telephone number, or part of these details. This is to ensure people make payments to the correct user. This feature can be turned off in the PayPal profile settings.
e. If you as a merchant use a third party to access or integrate PayPal, we may disclose to any such partner necessary information for the purpose of facilitating and maintaining such an arrangement (including, without limitation, the status of your PayPal integration, whether you have an active PayPal account and whether you may already be working with a different PayPal integration partner).
f. Disclose necessary information to the payment processors, auditors, customer services providers, credit reference and fraud agencies, financial products providers, commercial partners, marketing and public relations companies, operational services providers, group companies, agencies, marketplaces and other third parties listed
here
. The purpose of this disclosure is to allow us to provide PayPal Services to you. We also set out in the list of third parties, under each " Category", non-exclusive examples of the actual third parties (which may include their assigns and successors) to whom we currently disclose your Account Information or to whom we may consider disclosing your Account Information, together with the purpose of doing so, and the actual information we disclose (except as explicitly stated, these third parties are limited by law or by contract from using the information for secondary purposes beyond the purposes for which the information was shared).
g. Disclose necessary information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).
h. Disclose aggregated statistical data with our business partners or for public relations. For example, we may disclose that a specific percentage of our users live in Manchester. However, this aggregated information is not tied to Personal Data.
i. Share necessary Account Information with unaffiliated third parties (listed
here
) for their use for the following purposes:
Fraud Prevention and Risk Management: to help prevent fraud or assess and manage risk.
Customer Service: for customer service purposes, including to help service your accounts or resolve disputes (e.g., billing or transactional).
Shipping: in connection with shipping and related services for purchases made using PayPal.
Legal Compliance: to help them comply with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing verification requirements.
Service Providers: to enable service providers under contract with us to support our business operations, such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, customer service and technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.
17. Definitions
Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Geolocation Information means information that identifies, with precise specificity, your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through your GPS, or your device settings.
Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation.
Partner means the merchant or business that our Users transact with for the purpose of obtaining goods or services.
Pay without a PayPal account means the same as in the
Terms for Payments without a PayPal account
.
PayPal Companies means companies that are owned and operated by PayPal, and process Personal Data in accordance with their terms of service and privacy policies. PayPal Companies include Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., Happy Returns, LLC, HyperWallet, and Braintree.
Personal Data means information that can be associated with an identified or directly or indirectly identifiable natural person. “Personal Data” can include, but is not limited to, name, postal address (including billing and shipping addresses), telephone number, email address, payment card number, other financial account information, account number, date of birth, government-issued credentials (e.g., driver’s license number, national ID, passport number), and biometrics.
Processing means any method or way that we handle Personal Data or sets of Personal Data, whether by automated means, such as by collection, recording, categorization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, and consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction of Personal Data.
Services means any PayPal branded or Unbranded Payment Services, Pay without a PayPal account, credit products and services, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by PayPal. Your use of the Services includes use of our Sites.
Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement.
Unbranded Payment Services means you are interacting with and making payments to merchants using our card payment services that do not carry the PayPal brand.
User is any person who uses the Services as a consumer for personal or household use. For the purposes of this Notice, “User” includes “you” and “your”.
18. Our Contact Information
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
or offline at PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg.
If you are a
resident of the UK
, contact our representative at Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
Click
here
to contact us about your PayPal Account or Service
Click
here
to contact us about your Xoom Account or Service
Sub-policy 10
https://stripe.com/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connected Account Agreement
Stripe Payments Company Terms
Acquirer Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Cross River Bank
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs Bank USA
PNC Bank
Issuing Bank Terms
Payment Method Terms
User Bank Debit Authorizations
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Other Products and Programs
Stripe Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Terminal Purchase Terms
Stripe Terminal Reseller Terms
Stripe Atlas Agreement
Stripe Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
E-SIGN Disclosure
Licenses
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.
Sub-policy 11
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 12
https://www.privacyshield.gov/Program-Overview:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 13
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 14
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active:
Skip to content
Meta Platforms, Inc.
Active Participant
Participation
Privacy Policy
Dispute Resolution
Participation
Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  11/3/2017
Next Certification Due Date: 7/23/2024
Data Collected:   NON-HR
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  9/30/2016
Next Certification Due Date: 7/23/2024
Data Collected:   NON-HR
Purpose of Data Collection
Meta Platforms, Inc. (“Meta”) is certified to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (collectively, the "DPF") with the U.S. Department of Commerce. As described in our EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks Disclosure, Meta processes personal information received from the European Economic Area or Switzerland under the DPF in relation to the Certified Data Categories. For further information about Meta's privacy practices, including additional information about what, why, and how Meta processes personal information, please review our EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks Disclosure at the link below.
Privacy Policy
Non-HR Data
Document:
EU-U.S. & Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks Disclosure for Meta Platforms, Inc.
Description:
The EU-U.S. & Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Disclosure describes Meta's participation in the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks and provides the information outlined in the DPF Notice Principle.
Effective Date: 9/7/2023
Verification Method
Self-Assessment
Dispute Resolution
Questions or Complaints?
If you have a question or complaint regarding the covered data, please contact Meta Platforms, Inc. at:
Michel Protti
Chief Privacy Officer, Product
Meta Platforms, Inc.
1601 Willow Rd
Menlo Park, California  94025-1453
dpfinquiry@support.facebook.com
Phone:
(650) 543-4800
Fax:
Privacy Shield organizations must respond within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
If you have not received a timely or satisfactory response from Meta Platforms, Inc. to your question or complaint, please contact the independent recourse mechanism listed below
NON-HR RECOURSE MECHANISM
TRUSTe Dispute Resolution
Appropriate statutory body with jurisdiction to investigate any claims against Meta Platforms, Inc. regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and violations of laws or regulations covering privacy
Federal Trade Commission
Sub-policy 15
https://twitter.com/de/privacy:
Skip to main content
Datenschutzrichtlinien
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Privacy Center
Hilfe-Center
Archiv der Datenschutzerklärungen
PDF herunterladen
X Datenschutzrichtlinien
Gültig ab: 15. November 2024
Vor dem Scrollen bitte lesen
Es ist wirklich schwer, alle mit einer Datenschutzerklärung zufrieden zu stellen. Die meisten Personen, die X nutzen, wollen etwas Kurzes und leicht Verständliches. Wir wünschten zwar, wir könnten alles, was Sie wissen müssen, in einen Post packen, aber unsere Regulierungsbehörden verlangen von uns, dass wir unseren rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachkommen und alle Richtlinien sehr detailliert beschreiben.
Aus diesem Grund haben wir unsere Datenschutzrichtlinien so einfach wie möglich formuliert, damit Sie in der Lage sind, informierte Entscheidungen zu treffen, wenn Sie X nutzen. Unser Ziel ist, dass Sie verstehen, welche Daten wir erfassen, wie sie genutzt und wann sie weitergegeben werden, und dass Sie Kontrolle darüber haben.
Wenn Sie also nicht jedes Wort der Datenschutzerklärung lesen, sollten Sie wenigstens Folgendes wissen:
X ist eine öffentliche Plattform
Erfahren Sie, was angezeigt und durchsucht werden kann
Wir erheben einige Daten
über Sie
Erfahren Sie, was wir erfassen und wie
Dienste unserer verbundenen Unternehmen können ihre eigenen Richtlinien haben
Erfahren Sie mehr über verbundene Unternehmen
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten zur Verbesserung von X
Erfahren Sie, wie wir Ihre Daten nutzen
Sie haben die Kontrolle über Ihr Erlebnis
Erfahren Sie, wie Sie Ihre Einstellungen aktualisieren
Wenn Sie Fragen zur Datennutzung haben, dann stellen Sie sie!
Erfahren Sie, wie Sie uns kontaktieren können
Datenschutzrichtlinien
1. Daten, die wir erheben
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
3. Weitergabe von Daten
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
9. Allgemein
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
Datenschutzrichtlinien
1. Daten, die wir erheben
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
3. Weitergabe von Daten
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
9. Allgemein
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
1. Daten, die wir erheben
Die Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen, lassen sich in drei Kategorien unterteilen.
1.1 Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen.
Zur Nutzung einiger unserer Produkte und Dienste benötigen Sie einen Account, und zur Erstellung eines Accounts müssen Sie uns bestimmte Daten zur Verfügung stellen. Gleichfalls können wir, wenn Sie unsere kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste nutzen, Ihnen diese nicht zur Verfügung stellen, wenn wir Ihre Zahlungsdaten nicht erhalten. Grundsätzlich brauchen wir für viele unserer Produkte und Dienste bestimmte Daten, damit Sie sie nutzen können.
Persönliche Accounts.
Wenn Sie einen Account erstellen, müssen Sie uns einige Daten zur Verfügung stellen, damit wir Ihnen unsere Dienste bereitstellen können. Dazu gehören ein Anzeigename (zum Beispiel „Gestalter*innen“); ein Nutzername (zum Beispiel @XGestalter*innen); ein Passwort; eine E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer; ein Geburtsdatum, Ihre Anzeigesprache und Daten zur einmaligen Anmeldung bei Dritten (wenn Sie diese Anmeldemethode wählen). Sie können sich auch dafür entscheiden, Ihren Standort in Ihrem Profil und in Ihren Posts zu teilen und Ihr Adressbuch auf X hochzuladen, damit Sie leichter nach Personen suchen können, die Sie kennen. Ihre Profildaten, einschließlich Ihres Anzeigenamens und Ihres Nutzernamens, sind immer öffentlich, aber Sie können entweder Ihren echten Namen oder ein Pseudonym verwenden. Denken Sie auch daran, dass Sie mehrere X Accounts einrichten können, zum Beispiel wenn Sie verschiedene Aspekte Ihrer Identität zum Ausdruck bringen möchten, sei es beruflich oder anderweitig.
Professionelle Accounts.
Wenn Sie einen
professionellen Account
einrichten, müssen Sie uns auch eine professionelle Kategorie angeben und können uns weitere Daten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich Postanschrift, Kontakt-E-Mail-Adresse und Kontakt-Telefonnummer. Alle diese Daten sind immer öffentlich.
Zahlungsdaten.
Wenn Sie Werbeanzeigen oder andere Angebote kaufen möchten, die im Rahmen unserer kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt werden, müssen Sie uns Zahlungsdaten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer, des Ablaufdatums der Karte, des CVV-Codes und der Rechnungsadresse.
Bevorzugte Einstellungen.
Wenn Sie in Ihren
Einstellungen
bestimmte Präferenzen angeben, erheben wir diese Daten, damit wir Ihre Wünsche berücksichtigen können.
Biometrische Informationen.
Wenn Sie dazu Ihre Einwilligung gegeben haben, können wir Ihre biometrischen Daten zu Sicherheits- und Identifikationszwecken erfassen und verwenden.
Stellenbewerbungen/Empfehlungen.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (z. B. Informationen aus Ihrer Biografie, Ihren beruflichen Werdegang, Ihren Bildungsgang, Ihre Beschäftigungspräferenzen, Fähigkeiten und Fertigkeiten oder Ihre Aktivität und Interaktionen bei der Stellensuche, zusätzlich zu den Informationen, die wir bereits gemäß dem Abschnitt „Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen“ unserer Datenschutzerklärung weiter unten erfassen) dafür erfassen und heranziehen, Ihnen potenzielle Jobs zu empfehlen, sie an potenzielle Arbeitgeber weiterzuleiten, wenn Sie sich auf eine Stelle bewerben, sodass Arbeitgeber potenzielle Kandidat*innen finden können, und Ihnen relevantere Werbung zu zeigen.
1.2 Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen.
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, erheben wir Daten darüber, wie Sie unsere Produkte und Dienste nutzen. Mithilfe dieser Daten stellen wir Ihnen Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung und tragen dazu bei, dass X sicherer und respektvoller für alle und relevanter für Sie ist.
Nutzungsinformationen.
Wir erfassen Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten auf X, darunter:
Von Ihnen gepostete Beiträge und andere Inhalte (einschließlich Datum, Anwendung und Version von X) sowie Informationen zu Ihrer Broadcast-Aktivität (z. B. Spaces), einschließlich von Ihnen erstellter Broadcasts und deren Erstellungszeitpunkt, Ihrer Listen, Lesezeichen und Communities, denen Sie angehören.
Ihre Interaktionen mit den Inhalten anderer Nutzer*innen, wie z. B. Reposts, „Gefällt mir“-Angaben, Lesezeichen, geteilten Inhalten, Downloads, Antworten, wenn andere Nutzer*innen Sie in Inhalten erwähnen oder markieren oder wenn Sie sie erwähnen oder markieren, und Broadcasts, an denen Sie teilgenommen haben (einschließlich Ihres Verlaufs in Bezug auf angesehene/angehörte Inhalte, Kommentare, Sprechbeiträge und Reaktionen).
Wie Sie mit anderen auf der Plattform interagieren, beispielsweise mit Personen, denen Sie folgen, und Personen, die Ihnen folgen, Metadaten in Bezug auf
verschlüsselte Nachrichten
und, wenn Sie
Direktnachrichten
verwenden, auch den Inhalt der Nachrichten, die Empfänger*innen sowie Datum und Uhrzeit der Nachrichten.
Wenn Sie mit uns kommunizieren, beispielsweise per E-Mail, erheben wir Daten über die Kommunikation und deren Inhalt.
Wir erheben Daten über Links, mit denen Sie in unseren Diensten interagieren (auch in den E-Mails, die wir Ihnen schicken).
Käufe und Zahlungen.
Damit Sie unter Verwendung von X-Funktionen oder -Diensten eine Zahlung tätigen oder Geld senden können, auch über einen Vermittler, erhalten wir möglicherweise Informationen zu Ihrer Transaktion, etwa wann sie getätigt wurde, wann ein Abonnement abläuft oder automatisch verlängert wird und welche Beträge gezahlt oder erhalten wurden.
Gerätedaten.
Wir erfassen Informationen von und über die Geräte, die Sie für den Zugriff auf X verwenden, darunter:
Daten über Ihre Verbindung, wie beispielsweise Ihre IP-Adresse, den Browsertyp und verwandte Informationen.
Daten über Ihr Gerät und seine Einstellungen, wie beispielsweise Geräte- und Werbe-ID, Betriebssystem, Anbieter, Sprache, Speicher, installierte Apps und Akkustand.
Das Adressbuch Ihres Geräts, wenn Sie sich dazu entschieden haben, es mit uns zu teilen.
Standortinformationen.
Wenn Sie X verwenden, erfassen wir einige Informationen zu Ihrem ungefähren Standort, um Ihnen den erwarteten Dienst bereitzustellen, einschließlich der Anzeige relevanter Werbung. Sie können auch wählen, ob Sie Ihren aktuellen genauen Standort oder Orte, an denen Sie X zuvor genutzt haben, teilen möchten, indem Sie diese Einstellungen in Ihrem Account aktivieren.
Abgeleitete Identität.
Wir können Informationen sammeln oder erhalten, die wir verwenden, um auf Ihre Identität zu schließen, wie unten beschrieben:
Wenn Sie sich mit einem Browser oder Gerät bei X anmelden, verknüpfen wir diesen Browser oder dieses Gerät mit Ihrem Account. Vorbehaltlich Ihrer Einstellungen können wir Ihren Account auch mit anderen Browsern oder Geräten verknüpfen als mit denen, die Sie für die Anmeldung bei X nutzen (oder Ihr abgemeldetes Gerät oder Ihren Browser mit anderen Browsern oder Geräten oder von X generierten Identifikatoren verknüpfen).
Wenn Sie X andere Daten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich einer E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer, verknüpfen wir diese Daten mit Ihrem X Account. Vorbehaltlich Ihrer Einstellungen können wir anhand dieser Daten auch andere Daten über Ihre Identität ableiten, zum Beispiel indem wir Ihren Account mit Hashes von E-Mail-Adressen verknüpfen, die gemeinsame Komponenten mit der E-Mail-Adresse haben, die Sie X zur Verfügung gestellt haben.
Wenn Sie auf X zugreifen und nicht angemeldet sind, können wir anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten Rückschlüsse auf Ihre Identität ziehen.
Protokollinformationen.
Wenn Sie Inhalte auf unseren Produkten und Diensten ansehen oder auf andere Weise mit ihnen interagieren, erhalten wir möglicherweise Informationen, auch wenn Sie keinen Account erstellt haben oder abgemeldet sind, beispielsweise:
IP-Adresse und zugehörige Informationen; Browsertyp und -sprache; Betriebssystem; die verweisende Webseite; Zugriffszeiten; besuchte Seiten; Standort; Ihr Mobilfunkanbieter; Geräteinformationen (einschließlich Geräte- und Anwendungs-IDs); Suchbegriffe und IDs (einschließlich derjenigen, die nicht als Abfragen übermittelt wurden); Ihnen auf X angezeigte Anzeigen; von X generierte Kennungen; und mit Cookies verknüpfte Kennungen. Wir erhalten Protokolldaten auch, wenn Sie auf Links in unseren Diensten klicken, sich diese ansehen oder mit ihnen interagieren, u. a. wenn Sie eine andere Applikation über X installieren.
Werbung.
Wenn Sie Werbung ansehen oder mit ihr interagieren, die wir auf oder außerhalb von X bereitstellen, erfassen wir möglicherweise Informationen zu diesen Ansichten oder Interaktionen (z. B. Ansehen einer Videoanzeige oder eines Prerolls, Anklicken einer Anzeige, Interagieren mit Reposts oder Antworten auf eine Anzeige).
Cookies und ähnliche Technologien.
Wie viele Websites verwenden wir Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um zusätzliche Daten zur Website-Nutzung zu sammeln und unsere Dienste zu betreiben. Für viele Teile unserer Produkte und Dienste, wie etwa die Suche und Anzeige öffentlicher Profile, sind Cookies nicht erforderlich. Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien finden Sie
hier
.
Interaktionen mit unseren Inhalten auf Websites Dritter.
Wenn Sie sich unsere Inhalte auf Websites von Dritten ansehen, die X Inhalte wie eingebettete Timelines oder Buttons zum Posten integrieren, können wir Protokolldaten erhalten, einschließlich der von Ihnen besuchten Webseite.
1.3 Daten, die wir von Dritten erhalten.
Wenn Sie andere Online-Produkte und -Dienste nutzen, können sie Daten über diese Nutzung an uns weitergeben.
Werbepartner, Entwickler, Verleger.
Unsere Werbe- und Geschäftspartner geben Daten wie Browser-Cookie-IDs, von X generierte Identifikatoren,
IDs von Mobilgeräten, gehashte Nutzerdaten wie E-Mail-Adressen, demografische Daten oder Interessensdaten sowie auf einer Website oder App angesehene Inhalte oder durchgeführte Aktionen an uns weiter. Einige unserer Werbepartner, insbesondere unsere Werbekunden, ermöglichen es uns auch, ähnliche Daten direkt von ihrer Website oder App zu erheben, indem sie unsere Werbetechnologie integrieren. Daten, die von Werbepartnern und verbundenen Unternehmen weitergegeben oder von X von den Websites und Apps der Werbepartner und verbundenen Unternehmen erhoben werden, können mit den anderen Daten kombiniert werden, die Sie mit X teilen und die X erhält,
generiert oder
über Sie ableitet, wie an anderer Stelle in diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben.
Andere Dritte, Account-Verbindungen und Integrationen.
Wir können Daten über Sie von Dritten erhalten, die nicht unsere Werbepartner sind, wie beispielsweise von anderen X Nutzer*innen, Entwickler*innen und Partner*innen, die uns helfen, die Sicherheit und Qualität von Inhalten auf unserer Plattform zu bewerten, von unseren
verbundenen Unternehmen
und von anderen Diensten, die Sie mit Ihrem X Account verknüpfen. Sie können sich entscheiden, Ihren X Account mit Ihrem Account bei einem anderen Dienst zu verbinden und dieser andere Dienst kann uns Daten über Ihren Account bei diesem Dienst senden.
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
Aufgrund der Funktionsweise der Systeme, die unsere Dienste für Sie anbieten, ist es nicht einfach, die Verwendung der von uns erhobenen Daten aufzuschlüsseln. So kann beispielsweise dieselbe Dateninformation in verschiedener Art und Weise für verschiedene Zwecke verwendet werden, damit letztlich ein einziger Dienst erbracht werden kann. Am zweckdienlichsten ist es wahrscheinlich, die fünf wichtigsten Arten und Weisen zu erläutern, in der wir Daten verwenden. Wenn Sie Fragen haben, die nicht beantwortet werden, können Sie uns jederzeit
kontaktieren
. Mehr im Folgenden:
2.1 Betreiben, Verbessern und Personalisieren unserer Dienste.
Die von uns erhobenen Daten nutzen wir zur Bereitstellung und zum Betrieb der X Produkte und Dienste. Außerdem verbessern und personalisieren wir mit den erhobenen Daten unsere Produkte und Dienste, damit Sie ein besseres Erlebnis auf X haben, u. a. indem wir Ihnen relevantere Inhalte und Werbung zeigen, Ihnen Personen und Themen vorschlagen, denen Sie folgen können, und Ihnen helfen,
verbundene Unternehmen
, Apps von Dritten und Dienste zu entdecken. Wir können die Daten, die wir erheben, und öffentlich verfügbare Daten zum Training unserer Modelle für Maschinenlernen oder künstliche Intelligenz für die in dieser Richtlinie dargelegten Zwecke heranziehen.
Wir können die Daten, die wir von Accounts anderer Dienste erheben, bei denen Sie sich zur Verknüpfung mit Ihrem X Accounts entschieden haben, heranziehen, damit wir Ihnen Funktionen wie dienstübergreifendes Posting oder dienstübergreifende Authentifizierung bieten und unsere Dienste betreiben können.
Anhand Ihrer Kontaktdaten helfen wir anderen, Ihren Account zu finden, wenn Ihre Einstellungen dies zulassen, u. a. über Dienste von Dritten und Client-Applikationen.
Vorbehaltlich Ihrer
Einstellungen
stellen wir mithilfe Ihrer Daten unsere Dienste für Werbung und gesponserte Inhalte bereit, was dabei hilft, die Werbeanzeigen auf X für Sie relevanter zu gestalten. Anhand dieser Daten messen wir auch die Effektivität von Werbeanzeigen und helfen, Ihre Geräte zu erkennen, damit wir Werbeanzeigen auf und außerhalb von X für Sie schalten können. Einige unserer Werbepartner ermöglichen es uns auch, ähnliche Daten direkt von ihrer Website oder App zu erheben, indem sie unsere Werbetechnologie integrieren. Daten, die von Werbepartnern und verbundenen Unternehmen weitergegeben oder von X von den Websites und Apps der Werbepartner und verbundenen Unternehmen erhoben werden, können mit den anderen Daten kombiniert werden, die Sie mit X teilen und die X erhält, generiert oder über Sie ableitet, wie an anderer Stelle in unseren Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben.
2.2  Sicherheit und Schutz fördern.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten sorgen wir für den Schutz und die Sicherheit unserer Nutzer*innen, unserer Produkte, unserer Dienste und Ihres Accounts. Dazu gehören die Überprüfung Ihrer Identität, die Authentifizierung Ihres Accounts und die Abwehr von Betrug, unbefugter Nutzung und illegalen Aktivitäten. Außerdem bewerten und beeinflussen wir mithilfe der Daten die Sicherheit und Qualität der Inhalte auf X. Das beinhaltet die Untersuchung und Durchsetzung unserer Richtlinien und AGB sowie des geltenden Rechts.
2.3 Messen, Analysieren und Verbessern unserer Dienst.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten messen und analysieren wir die Effektivität unserer Produkte und Dienste und lernen besser verstehen, wie Sie sie nutzen, damit wir sie weiter verbessern können.
2.4 Kommunikation mit Ihnen über unsere Dienste.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten kommunizieren wir mit Ihnen über unsere Produkte und Dienste, u. a. über Produktaktualisierungen und Änderungen unserer Richtlinien und AGB. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, können wir Ihnen auch gelegentlich Marketingnachrichten schicken.
2.5 Forschung.
Anhand der Daten, die Sie uns mitteilen oder die wir erheben, führen wir Forschung, Umfragen, Produkttests und Fehlerbehebungen durch, die uns helfen, unsere Produkte und Dienste zu betreiben und zu verbessern.
3. Weitergabe von Daten
Sie sollten wissen, auf welche Weise wir Ihre Daten weitergeben, warum wir sie weitergeben und wie Sie dies beeinflussen können. Es gibt fünf grundsätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir Ihre Daten weitergeben.
3.1 Wenn Sie posten und teilen.
An die breite Öffentlichkeit
. Sie weisen uns an, diese Daten so weit wie möglich offenzulegen. Die Inhalte von X, einschließlich Ihrer Profildaten (z. B. Name/Pseudonym, Nutzername, Profilbilder), sind für die breite Öffentlichkeit zur Ansicht zugänglich. Die Öffentlichkeit muss sich nicht anmelden, um einen Teil der Inhalte auf X zu sehen. X Inhalte sind auch außerhalb von X auffindbar, zum Beispiel über die Ergebnisse von Suchanfragen in Internet-Suchmaschinen oder in Videos, die heruntergeladen und anderswo geteilt wurden (abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
).
An andere X Nutzer*innen.
Abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
und basierend auf den X Produkten und Diensten, die Sie nutzen, geben wir Folgendes weiter:
Ihre Interaktionen mit X-Inhalten anderer Benutzer, z. B. Antworten und Personen, denen Sie folgen.
Inhalte, die Sie an bestimmte X Nutzer*innen senden, wie beispielsweise über
Direktnachrichten
. Zur Beachtung: Wenn Sie Daten wie Direktnachrichten oder geschützte Posts mit einer Person geteilt haben, die über einen Dienst eines Dritten auf X zugreift, können die Daten an den Dienst des Dritten weitergegeben werden.
An Partner.
Abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
stellen wir auch bestimmten Dritten Daten zur Verfügung, damit sie uns beim Angebot oder Betrieb unserer Produkte und Dienste unterstützen. In unserem
Hilfe-Center
erfahren Sie mehr über diese Partnerschaften. Ob X Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an diese Partner weitergibt, steuern Sie über die Option „Datenaustausch mit Geschäftspartnern“ in Ihren
Einstellungen für Datenschutz und Sicherheit
. (Diese Einstellung steuert nicht die Weitergabe, die an anderer Stelle in diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben wird, wie beispielsweise wenn wir Daten mit unseren Dienstleistern oder durch andere als die in diesem
Hilfe-Center
-Artikel beschriebenen Partnerschaften teilen.)
3.2 Mit Drittanbietern und Drittanbieterintegrationen.
An Dienstleister.
Wir können Ihre Daten an unsere
Dienstleister
weitergeben, die in unserem Auftrag Funktionen und Dienste erbringen, u.a. Zahlungsdienstleister, die Zahlungen ermöglichen; Servicepartner, die unsere verschiedenen Blogs und Wikis hosten; Servicepartner, die uns helfen, die Nutzung unserer Dienste zu verstehen, Anbieter von Bewerberverfolgungssystemen, die Bewerber- und Stellendaten an mögliche Arbeitgeber versenden und von ihnen enthalten, und solche, die Betrugserkennungsdienste anbieten.
An Werbekunden.
Werbeeinnahmen ermöglichen es uns, unsere Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen. Werbekunden können Daten aus Ihrer Interaktion mit ihren Werbeanzeigen auf oder außerhalb von X erhalten. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in unseren Diensten auf einen externen Link oder eine Werbeanzeige klicken, kann der Werbekunde oder der Betreiber der Website herausfinden, dass Sie von X gekommen sind, zusammen mit anderen Daten, die mit der Werbeanzeige, auf die Sie geklickt haben, verknüpft sind, wie beispielsweise Merkmale der Zielgruppe, die damit erreicht werden sollte, und andere von X generierte Identifikatoren für diese Werbeanzeige. Sie können auch andere personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen erheben, wie beispielsweise Cookie-Identifikatoren oder Ihre IP-Adresse.
Inhalte und Integrationen von Dritten.
Wir geben Ihre Daten mit Ihrer Einwilligung oder auf Ihre Anweisung hin weiter oder legen diese offen, beispielsweise wenn Sie
einen Web-Client oder eine Applikation eines Dritten autorisieren
, auf Ihren Account zuzugreifen, oder uns anweisen, Ihr Feedback an ein Unternehmen weiterzugeben. Gleichfalls arbeiten wir zur Verbesserung Ihrer Nutzung mit Dritten zusammen, damit ihre Videoinhalte auf X angezeigt oder Inhalte plattformübergreifend geteilt werden können. Wenn Sie sich Inhalte unserer Videopartner oder plattformübergreifenden Partner ansehen oder anderweitig mit diesen interagieren, können diese Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhalten und verarbeiten, wie in ihren Datenschutzerklärungen beschrieben. Für Videoinhalte können Sie Ihre
Autoplay-Einstellungen
anpassen, wenn Sie möchten, dass die Inhalte nicht automatisch abgespielt werden.
Kooperation mit Dritten.
Wenn Sie die entsprechenden
Einstellungen
vorgenommen haben oder sich dazu entschließen, Ihre Daten weiterzugeben, können wir Ihre Informationen an Dritte weitergeben oder offenlegen. Wenn Sie sich nicht abmelden, können die Empfänger der Informationen diese in einigen Fällen zusätzlich zu den in der Datenschutzrichtlinie von X genannten Zwecken auch für ihre eigenen unabhängigen Zwecke verwenden, darunter beispielsweise zum Trainieren ihrer Modelle künstlicher Intelligenz, ob generativ oder anderweitig.
Durch unsere APIs.
Wir verwenden Technologien wie
APIs
und Einbettungen zur Bereitstellung öffentlicher X Daten für Websites, Apps und andere zu ihrer Nutzung, zum Beispiel damit Posts auf einer Nachrichten-Website angezeigt werden können oder damit analysiert werden kann, was Personen auf X äußern. Wir stellen diese Inhalte in der Regel in begrenztem Umfang kostenlos zur Verfügung und erheben Lizenzgebühren für den Zugriff in großem Umfang. Wir haben
Standard
-Geschäftsbedingungen, die regeln, wie diese Daten verwendet werden können, und ein Compliance-Programm zur Durchsetzung dieser Bedingungen. Diese Personen und Unternehmen sind jedoch nicht mit X verbunden und ihre Angebote spiegeln möglicherweise nicht die Aktualisierungen wider, die Sie auf X vornehmen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir der Welt öffentliche Daten auf X zur Verfügung stellen, finden Sie unter
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 In Fällen, in denen es gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, zur Verhinderung von Schaden oder im öffentlichen Interesse.
Wir können Ihre Daten aufbewahren, verwenden, weitergeben oder offenlegen, wenn wir glauben, dass es für einen der folgenden Zwecke vernünftigerweise notwendig ist:
zur Einhaltung eines Gesetzes, einer Verordnung oder
zur Erfüllung eines rechtsgültigen Verfahrens oder einer behördlichen Anfrage
zum Schutz der Sicherheit einer Person, zum Schutz der Sicherheit oder Integrität unserer Plattform, u. a. zur Verhinderung von Spam, Missbrauch oder böswilligen Akteuren auf unseren Diensten
Erklären, warum wir Inhalte oder Konten aus unseren Diensten entfernt haben (z. B. wegen eines Verstoßes gegen
unsere Regeln
);
zur Lösung von Problemen mit Betrug und Sicherheit oder technischen Problemen
zum Schutz unserer Rechte oder unseres Eigentum oder der Rechte oder des Eigentums der Personen, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Wir können außerdem verschiedene Signale und Ihre Daten zur Ableitung, Aufbewahrung, Nutzung, Weiterleitung oder Offenlegung Ihres Alter und Ihrer Identitätsinformationen heranziehen, damit wir gesetzliche Vorschriften einhalten können sowie je nach Sachlage im Interesse von Sicherheit, Schutz, Betrugsbekämpfung, Sorgfaltspflichten in Bezug auf Kund*innen und Unternehmen sowie zur Identitätsprüfung. Zu diesen Zwecken können wir Ihre Alters- und Identitätsinformationen auch an unsere Partner, Dienstanbieter und andere weitergeben oder offenlegen.
3.4 An unsere verbundenen Unternehmen.
Wir können Daten an unsere
verbundenen Unternehmen
weitergeben, damit unsere Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt werden können.
3.5 Änderung der Eigentumsverhältnisse.
Wir können Daten über Sie in Verbindung mit einer Fusion, Übernahme, Reorganisation, einem Verkauf von Vermögenswerten oder einem Konkurs weitergeben, verkaufen oder übertragen. Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die (vor und nach dem Abschluss einer Transaktion) an das neue Unternehmen weitergegeben oder übertragen werden.
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
Wir bewahren verschiedene Arten von Informationen für unterschiedlich lange Zeiträume auf, abhängig davon, wie lange wir sie benötigen, damit wir Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienste bereitstellen und unseren gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachkommen können, sowie aus Sicherheitsgründen. Zum Beispiel:
Wir speichern Ihre Profilinformationen wie Ihren Anzeigenamen, Benutzernamen, Ihr Passwort und Ihre E-Mail-Adresse für die Dauer Ihres Kontos. Ohne die Speicherung dieser Informationen können wir Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen nicht bereitstellen.
Wir speichern Ihre Nutzungsinformationen, beispielsweise die von Ihnen veröffentlichten Inhalte, Ihre Interaktionen mit den Inhalten anderer Nutzer*innen und Ihre Interaktion mit anderen auf der Plattform, solange Ihr Account besteht oder bis diese Inhalte entfernt werden.
Wir speichern Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, einschließlich Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer und Rechnungsadresse, für die Dauer, in der Sie unsere kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste nutzen. Aufzeichnungen von Transaktionen werden im Einklang mit geltendem Recht länger aufbewahrt.
Wenn Sie mit uns kommunizieren, beispielsweise per E-Mail, bewahren wir Informationen über die Kommunikation und deren Inhalt bis zu 18 Monate lang auf, es sei denn, wir müssen sie für einen längeren Zeitraum aufbewahren, um unseren gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen oder unsere gesetzlichen Rechte auszuüben oder zu verteidigen.
Wir erfassen Geräteinformationen, Standortinformationen, abgeleitete Identitätsinformationen und Protokollinformationen im Allgemeinen mithilfe von Cookies. Wir bewahren Cookies und mithilfe von Cookies erfasste Informationen bis zu 13 Monate lang auf. Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien finden Sie
hier
.
Informationen zu Ihren Ansichten oder Interaktionen mit Anzeigen mit oder ohne X sowie zu Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Inhalten auf Websites von Drittanbietern speichern wir bis zu 90 Tage lang.
Wir speichern von Werbe- und Geschäftspartnern weitergegebene Informationen bis zu 90 Tage lang.
Wenn Sie gegen unsere Regeln verstoßen und Ihr Account gesperrt wird, können wir die Identifikatoren, die Sie zur Erstellung des Accounts verwendet haben (z. B. E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer), auf unbestimmte Zeit speichern. Dadurch wollen wir verhindern, dass Wiederholungstäter*innen neue Accounts erstellen.
Um gesetzliche Anforderungen zu erfüllen und aus Sicherheitsgründen müssen wir bestimmte Informationen möglicherweise länger aufbewahren, als in unseren Richtlinien angegeben. Zum Beispiel:
Damit wir einem Gesetz, einer Verordnung, einem rechtsgültigen Verfahren oder einer behördlichen Anfrage nachkommen können.
Darunter fällt die Erfüllung einer rechtlich angemessenen Aufbewahrungsanfrage von Strafverfolgungsbehörden. Weitere Informationen zum Zugriff durch Strafverfolgungsbehörden finden Sie
hier
.
Im Zusammenhang mit Rechtsansprüchen, Rechtsstreitigkeiten und behördlichen Angelegenheiten.
Einschließlich der Fälle, in denen es vernünftigerweise notwendig ist, Informationen zu Ihrem Konto aufzubewahren, um X gegen Rechtsansprüche zu verteidigen.
Um die Sicherheit unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu gewährleisten.
Einschließlich der Fälle, in denen es erforderlich ist, Ihre Daten länger zu speichern, um den Missbrauch unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu untersuchen und zu bekämpfen.
Bedenken Sie, dass öffentliche Inhalte auch nach ihrer Entfernung von X noch woanders vorhanden sein können. Suchmaschinen und andere Drittanbieter können beispielsweise Kopien Ihrer Beiträge auf Grundlage ihrer eigenen Datenschutzrichtlinien länger aufbewahren, selbst nachdem sie auf X gelöscht wurden oder abgelaufen sind. Weitere Informationen zur Suchsichtbarkeit finden Sie
hier
.
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
5.1 Zugriff, Berichtigung, Übertragbarkeit.
Sie können auf die Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, zugreifen, sie berichtigen oder ändern, indem Sie Ihr Profil bearbeiten und Ihre Account-
Einstellungen
anpassen.
Unter
Deine X Daten
erfahren Sie mehr über die Daten, die wir über Sie erhoben oder abgeleitet haben.
Hier
können Sie Zugriff auf weitere Daten anfordern.
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Daten, z. B. Ihrer Posts, herunterladen, indem Sie den Anweisungen
hier
folgen.
Zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre und zur Aufrechterhaltung der Sicherheit ergreifen wir Maßnahmen zur Überprüfung Ihrer Identität, bevor wir Ihnen Auskunft über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gewähren oder einem Antrag auf Löschung, Übertragbarkeit oder einem anderen damit zusammenhängenden Antrag nachkommen. In bestimmten Situationen können wir Ihren Antrag auf Zugriff, Berichtigung oder Übertragbarkeit ablehnen, z. B. wenn Sie Ihre Identität nicht nachweisen können.
5.2 Löschung Ihrer Daten.
Wenn Sie den Anweisungen
hier
folgen, wird Ihr Account deaktiviert und Ihre Daten werden in eine Warteschlange zur Löschung gestellt. Ist Ihr X Account deaktiviert, sind der Account, Ihr Anzeigename, Ihr Nutzername und Ihr öffentliches Profil auf X.com, in X für iOS und in X für Android nicht mehr sichtbar. Bis zu 30 Tage nach der Deaktivierung ist eine Wiederherstellung Ihres X Accounts möglich, falls er versehentlich oder fälschlich deaktiviert wurde.
5.3 Widerspruch, Einschränkung oder Rückzug Ihrer Einwilligung.
Hier
können Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen und andere Account-Funktionen verwalten. Wenn Sie Ihre Einstellungen ändern, kann es einige Zeit dauern, bis Ihre Auswahl in unseren Systemen vollständig umgesetzt ist. Abhängig davon, welche Einstellungen Sie angepasst haben, können Sie auch Änderungen bei Ihrer X Nutzung oder Einschränkungen beim Zugriff auf bestimmte Funktionen feststellen. Sie können auch zusätzliche Einstellungen verwalten, wenn Sie mit bestimmten Inhalten und Funktionen in verschiedenen Teilen der Plattform interagieren, z. B. ob ein
Space
aufgezeichnet wird oder ob
Videos, die Sie hochladen,
von anderen heruntergeladen werden können.
5.4 Anfragen von bevollmächtigten Vertreter*innen.
Wenn Sie eine Anfrage bezüglich des Zugriffs, der Berichtigung oder der Löschung Ihrer Daten oder der Daten einer anderen Person, deren bevollmächtigte*r Vertreter*in Sie sind, stellen möchten, können Sie sich auch mit der Methode an uns wenden, die im Abschnitt „Wie kann ich X kontaktieren?“ unserer Datenschutzrichtlinien unten beschrieben ist. Wir können von Ihnen verlangen, dass Sie zusätzliche Daten zur Überprüfung zur Verfügung stellen.
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
Wir stellen X Personen auf der ganzen Welt zur Verfügung und bieten allen unseren Nutzer*innen, unabhängig von ihrem Wohnort, viele der gleichen Datenschutz-Tools und Kontrollmöglichkeiten. Es kann jedoch sein, dass sich Ihre Nutzung etwas anders gestaltet als für Nutzer*innen in anderen Ländern. Das soll sicherstellen, dass X die lokalen Anforderungen respektiert.
6.1 Wir stützen uns bei der Nutzung Ihrer Daten auf bestimmte Rechtsgrundlagen.
X hat die Rechtsgrundlagen, auf deren Grundlage es X erlaubt ist, Ihre Daten zu erheben, zu verwenden, weiterzugeben und anderweitig zu verarbeiten, sorgfältig geprüft. Wenn Sie mehr erfahren und die Feinheiten besser verstehen möchten, empfehlen wir Ihnen, sich diese
zusätzlichen Informationen über die Datenverarbeitung
anzusehen. Und nein, wir verkaufen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht.
6.2 Wir verlagern Ihre Daten, damit X für Sie funktioniert.
So wie Sie sich mit X nahtlos an globalen Konversationen mit Personen in Ländern auf der ganzen Welt beteiligen, muss X Daten über Grenzen hinweg und in verschiedene Länder auf der ganzen Welt verlagern, damit der sichere und zuverlässige Dienst, auf den Sie sich verlassen, möglich wird. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel in Europa leben und eine Konversation mit jemandem in den USA führen, müssen Daten zwischen diesen Ländern ausgetauscht werden, damit die Konversation möglich wird. Das ist es, was Sie von uns erwarten.
Wir nutzen auch Rechenzentren und Cloud-Anbieter und beauftragen
unsere verbundenen Unternehmen
sowie Dritte und
Dienstleister
in vielen Teilen der Welt, damit sie uns bei der Bereitstellung unserer Dienste helfen. Bevor wir Daten zwischen Ländern übertragen, prüfen wir die Risiken, die für die Daten bestehen können, und verlassen uns, sofern zutreffend, auf
Standardvertragsklauseln
(SCCs), um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre Datenschutzrechte geschützt sind. Um eine Kopie der SCCs anzufordern, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte
hier
. Wenn Daten an Dritte weitergegeben werden, verlangen wir von ihnen, dass sie den gleichen Schutz für Ihre Daten gewährleisten, wie wir selbst bieten.
X ist an Datenschutz-Rahmenvereinbarungen (Data Privacy Frameworks, DPF) zwischen der EU und den USA und zwischen der Schweiz und den USA und an der Ausweitung des EU-US PDF auf das Vereinigte Königreich
beteiligt
. X beachtet bei jeglicher Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, die aus der Europäischen Union, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich stammen, die DPF-Prinzipien in Bezug auf die DPF zwischen der EU und den USA bzw. der Schweiz und den USA bzw. in Bezug auf die Ausweitung des EU-US PDF auf das Vereinigte Königreich. Wenn Sie eine Anfrage oder Beschwerde bezüglich unserer Teilnahme am DPF haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte
hier
. Im Rahmen unserer Beteiligung an den DPF versuchen wir bei Streitigkeiten zwischen Ihnen und uns in Bezug auf unsere Einhaltung der DPF-Prinzipien, diese durch unser internes Beschwerdeverfahren zu lösen, alternativ durch die in den USA basierte unabhängige Schlichtungsstelle
JAMS
, und unter bestimmten Bedingungen durch das DPF-Schlichtungsverfahren anhand der Verfahren und gemäß den Bedingungen, die in
Anhang 1
zu den DPF-Prinzipien beschrieben sind. DPF-Teilnehmer unterliegen den Untersuchungs- und Durchsetzungsbefugnissen der US-amerikanischen Federal Trade Commission und anderer autorisierter gesetzlicher Stellen. Unter bestimmten Umständen können die beteiligten Parteien für die Übertragung personenbezogener Daten aus der EU, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich an Dritte außerhalb der EU, der Schweiz und des Vereinigten Königreichs haftbar sein. Weitere Informationen zum EU-US-DPF, zum Schweiz-US-DPF und zur britischen Erweiterung des EU-US-DPF
finden Sie hier
.
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
Die aktuellste Version dieser Datenschutzerklärung regelt unsere Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten und wir können diese Datenschutzerklärung gelegentlich nach Bedarf überarbeiten.
Wenn wir diese Datenschutzrichtlinien überarbeiten und Änderungen vornehmen, die wir als wesentlich erachten, werden wir Sie darüber informieren und Ihnen die Möglichkeit geben, die überarbeiteten Datenschutzrichtlinien zu überprüfen, bevor Sie X weiter nutzen.
9. Allgemein
Die X Datenschutzrichtlinien sind auf Englisch verfasst, werden aber durch Übersetzungen in mehreren Sprachen verfügbar gemacht. X strebt an, dass die Übersetzungen die englische Originalversion so genau wie möglich wiedergeben. Im Falle von Abweichungen oder Unstimmigkeiten hat jedoch die englischsprachige Version der X Datenschutzrichtlinien Vorrang. Sie erkennen an, dass Englisch die Referenzsprache für die Interpretation und Konstruktion der Bedingungen der X Datenschutzrichtlinien ist.
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
Wir möchten von Ihnen hören, wenn Sie Gedanken oder Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben. Sie können uns über unsere Seite für
Anfragen zum Datenschutz
kontaktieren oder uns an die unten angegebene Adresse schreiben.
Informationen zu unserer Handhabung von Anfragen im Rahmen des California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) finden Sie
hier
. Informationen zur Handhabung von „Consumer Health Data“ und zu zugehörigen Anfragen, wie sie im „My Health My Data Act“ des US-Bundesstaates Washington und in anderen, ähnlichen Gesetzen von US-Bundesstaaten definiert sind, finden Sie
hier
.
Wenn Sie in den USA oder einem anderen Land außerhalb der Europäischen Union, der EFTA-Staaten oder des Vereinigten Königreichs leben, ist der für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten Verantwortliche X Corp. unter folgender Adresse:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
Wenn Sie in der Europäischen Union, den EFTA-Staaten oder dem Vereinigten Königreich leben, ist der Datenverantwortliche, der für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verantwortlich ist, Twitter International Unlimited Company mit der folgenden Adresse:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRLAND
Wenn Sie in der Schweiz wohnen, können Sie unseren Vertreter auch unter der folgenden Adresse kontaktieren:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
Wenn Sie Bedenken bezüglich unserer
Datenverarbeitungspraktiken
äußern möchten, haben Sie das Recht, sich über die auf ihrer Website aufgelisteten
Kontaktdaten
an Ihre örtliche Aufsichtsbehörde oder an die federführende Aufsichtsbehörde der Twitter International Unlimited Company, die Irish Data Protection Commission, zu wenden.
Vorherige Erklärungen anzeigen
Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle über Ihre Privatsphäre
Einstellungen anpassen
Cookies… aber nicht zum Essen...
X und seine Partner möchten dir mit Cookies einen besseren, sichereren und
  schnelleren Service bieten und unser Geschäft unterstützen. Einige Cookies sind erforderlich,
  wenn du unsere Services nutzen möchtest, verbessern unsere Services und sorgen dafür, dass sie korrekt funktionieren.
Mehr über deine Wahlmöglichkeiten erfahren
.
Alle Cookies akzeptieren
Unwesentliche Cookies ablehnen
Sub-policy 16
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Sub-policy 17
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant_search%20https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active:
Skip to content
Trade Registration
Already Registered?
Log In
*First Name
*Last Name
*E-mail
*Password
Password must have:
At least
12 characters
At least
one lower case letter
At least
one upper case letter
At least
one number
At least
one special character
*Confirm Password
*Organization Type
--None--
U.S. Business
Foreign Business
Trade/Industry Association
Business Service Provider/Consultant/Lawyer
Economic Development Organization
Government
Researcher
*Organization Name
*Country
--None--
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
*Postal Code
ITA Employee?
Log In