Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 20, 2019
Thank you for using Translate.me Voice Translator (“Translate app” next). This Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that we receive when you use Translate app. This Privacy Policy applies to all available Translate app Services and Apps (“Translate app”) operated by Translate app, a cooperation based in Austria. However, they don’t apply to anyone else’s websites, services, or applications, even if you can access those through Translate app. This Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service (the “Terms”) govern your use of all available Translate app Services and Apps (“Translate app”), so please read them carefully before using Translate app.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
Information about the auto-renewable nature of the Premium Subscription
Every time in a week you can reach your updated premium reports and if you want to continue getting premium reports, your subscription should be continued.
Choose from different subscription options. Price may change depending on your country:
• 1-week subscription – from US$ 1.49
• 1-week subscription – from US$ 7.99
• 1-week subscription with 3 day free trial – from US$ 7.99
• 1-week subscription with 7 day free trial – from US$ 1.49
• 1-week subscription with 7 day free trial – from US$ 7.99
• 1-week subscription with 14 day free trial – from US$ 7.99
• 1-month subscription – from US$ 2.99
• 1-month subscription – from US$ 3.99
• 1-month subscription – from US$ 5.99
• 1-month subscription with 3 day free trial – from US$ 4.99
• 1-month subscription with 3 day free trial – from US$ 7.99
• 1-month subscription with 3 day free trial – from US$ 9.99
• 1-month subscription with 7 day free trial – from US$ 2.99
• 1-month subscription with 7 day free trial – from US$ 3.99
• 1-month subscription with 7 day free trial – from US$ 7.99
• 1-month subscription with 7 day free trial – from US$ 9.99
• 6-months subscription – from US$ 19.99
• 6-months subscription – from US$ 29.99
• 1-year subscription – from US$ 8.99
• 1-year subscription – from US$ 19.99
• 1-year subscription – from US$ 29.99
• 1-year subscription with 3 day free trial – from US$ 29.99
• 1-year subscription with 3 day free trial – from US$ 39.99
• 1-year subscription with 7 day free trial – from US$ 8.99
• 1-year subscription with 7 day free trial – from US$ 49.99
• 1-year subscription with 7 day free trial – from US$ 24.99
– Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.
– Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
– Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period.
– You can cancel your subscription via this url:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202039
– Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user’s Account Settings after purchase.
– Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable.
Privacy policy:
http://mobiliojivisata.com/privacy/
Term of use:
http://mobiliojivisata.com/terms/
ACCOUNT INFORMATION
When you use Translate app and or create an account, we need to collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address (“personally identifiable information” or “PII”). We may also collect information like your gender, date of birth and zip code. If you choose to create an Translate app account via a third-party service such as Facebook, you may have to provide us with your username or user ID so that your identity can be authenticated. When the authentication is complete, we’ll be able to access certain information based on your permissions from the third-party service. We don’t receive or store passwords for any accounts on third-party services.
INFORMATION COLLECTED USING COOKIES
We collect certain information through the use of “cookies,” which are small text files that are saved by your browser when you access Translate app. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to identify that you’ve logged in to Translate app and to tell us how and when you’ve used it. We may also use cookies to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing and to customize and improve Translate app. Although most browsers automatically accept cookies, you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting cookies. Please note, however, that if you don’t accept cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of Translate app. Some third-party services providers that we use may also place their own cookies on your browser. Note that this Privacy Policy covers only our use of cookies and does not include use of cookies by such third parties.
INFORMATION RELATED TO USE OF Translate app
Our servers automatically record information about how a person uses Translate app, including IP addresses, browser types, operating systems, pages or features of Translate app that were used and time spent on them, search terms and other statistics. We use and analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) this information to customize and improve Translate app. We also use IP addresses to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how Translate app is used.
LOCATION INFORMATION
In some cases we collect and store information about where you are located, such as by converting your IP address into a rough geolocation. We may use location information to improve and personalize Translate app.
Information We Share With Third Parties
We’ll only share your PII in the following cases:
We use a third-party service provider that requires it, such as for payment processing, data storage, and hosting and servers.
We need to disclose it as part of a business transaction. Information that we collect from our users, including PII, is considered to be a business asset. As a result, if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy or if we are acquired as a result of a transaction such as a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your PII may be disclosed or transferred to the third-party acquirer in connection with the transaction.
We need to do so for legal reasons or to protect ourselves or others. We strongly believe in protecting you from having your privacy violated through abuse of legal systems, whether by individuals, entities or government, and in contesting claims that we believe to be invalid under applicable law. However, we reserve the right to disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if we believe it is necessary to satisfy or comply with any applicable law, regulation or legal process; to respond to lawful requests; to protect the rights, property and safety of us or others; and to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical.
You expressly ask us to do so.
We may share aggregated information and non-identifying information with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other similar purposes.
Modifying Your Information
To delete your PII and cancel your account, please send an email to
apps@mobiliojivisata.com
. We’ll take steps to delete your information as soon as is practicable, but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.
International Transfer
Your PII may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction. If you’re located outside the United States and choose to provide your PII to us, we may transfer your PII to the United States and process it there.
Our Policy Towards Children
Translate app is not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect PII from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected PII of a child under 13, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as is practicable.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Any information that we collect is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, revise the Privacy Policy from time to time. Changes may be posted to our blog or within our Apps, so please check that regularly. The most current version will always be posted on our Privacy Policy page.
GDPR Information
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
It goes without saying, we can’t help you have an awesome user experience without some information about you, such as your email address and password in some of our services. We also collect information generated as you use our services, as well as information from third parties. Your information may be kept in an identifiable format, or in an aggregate format which means that you cannot reasonably be identified from it.
Information you give us
You choose to give us certain information when using our services. This includes:
When you create an account in some of our services, you provide us with your login credentials, such as email address, name and password.
To use certain features in our services, you may allow us to access your camera or the microphone. Depending on your device, Apple system will ask for your permission before allowing us to access these features.
Features that allow you to share content about your use of our services with your connections or through your social network.
We will also collect your Information when you use our app such as when you post or share material, upload data, request further services or make selections using our app, if such functionality is available in the app.
If you contact our support team, we collect the information you give us when you report a problem, contact or communicate with us. We do not connect this information to your internet browsing activities through our VPN.
Information we receive from others
In addition to the information you provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including:
Social Media
You may be able to use your Facebook account to login to create an account. When you use this feature, we may receive any of your information you provide or permit to be provided to us via a social network or public forum provider like Facebook. This data may include your use of our app on such public forums and/or social networks, including with whom you share our app. For further information as to how and for what purpose the social network or public forum provider collects, uses and shares your data, as well as how you can set your privacy preferences on their site or apps, please see their privacy policy.
Other Partners
We may receive information about you from our partners, for instance where our ads are published on a partner’s website or platform (in which case they may pass along details on a campaign’s success).
If you purchase a subscription in our apps, neither Google nor Apple provide us with any personal information of the subscription purchaser (like name, email or payment information). Only anonymized data gets passed to Mobilioji Visata.
Information collected when you use our services
When you use our services, we collect information about which features you’ve used, how you’ve used them and the devices you use to access our services. See below for more details:
Usage Information
We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance how you use them (e.g., date and time you logged in, time spent in the app, features you’ve been using, advertising that you click on). We do not connect this information to your internet browsing activities through our VPN.
Movement Data
: If you opt-in, some services may collect movement data from your device.
Device information
We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including:
Geolocation data, which is any information which indicates the geographical position of your device and which may include the time the location was recorded, and may include precise (e.g., GPS-level) location data. Some apps may collect this data when the app is not open or actively in use. This may help us or third parties to customize information, content, or offers to you, for instance.
information on your wireless and mobile network connection, like your service provider and signal strength.
hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, app crashes, app version, advertising IDs (such as Google’s Advertising ID and Apple’s IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device’s settings), browser type, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., IMEI/UDID and MAC address).
We do not connect this device information to your internet browsing activities through our VPN.
COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES
As described in some Sections of this Privacy Policy, we sometimes work with third parties to deliver ads or offers. Sometimes we or these third parties do so through a mobile “SDK.” The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable data to be collected and ads to be shown. We may use this and similar technology to deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on data associated with your mobile device, and we may work with third parties who likewise embed their SDKs into our services, for third party advertising. If you’d like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions below or in the app (as applicable).
If you wish to opt out of interest-based tracking through your mobile device, you can do so through your device “settings”, as follows (but please note that the below is for informational purposes only and Apple, Google, or other device platforms may change the manner in which their “opt out” settings work at any time): Please note that if you opt out through these settings, you will continue to receive advertising after you opt-out, but it may not be tailored to your interests. For instance, that advertising may be based on your real-time or “contextual” application usage or general location inferred from IP address.
Opting Out on iOS Devices Such as iPhones, iPads or iPods
If you have an Apple device, you can opt out of interest-based advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher, and setting Limit Ad Tracking to ‘ON’. On an iPhone 6 for example, you can do this by clicking on Settings -> General -> Privacy -> Advertising and toggling “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON’. Our systems are designed to respect your choice and not use your personal information to provide interest-based advertising when this setting is ON.
Opting Out on Android Devices
If you have an Android device and would like to opt out of interest-based advertising, you may do this as follows:
Open the Settings app on your device
Go to “Google”
Select Ads
Opt out of interest-based ads
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve our services. Additionally, we use your info to help keep you safe and to communicate with you. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information, together with practical examples.
To administer your account and provide our services to you
Deliver our services to you and ensure their optimal functionality and operation.
Identify, establish and manage your account and our relationship with you.
Provide you with customer support and respond to your requests.
We use your email address, name, country and language for customized marketing purposes.
When we collect your precise geolocation data (subject to your consent) (which may be via the device’s cellular, Wi-Fi, Global Positioning System (GPS) networks and/or Bluetooth information), we do so to provide you with our location-related products and services, for example to provide you with forecast and weather alerts for your location, and also to facilitate, measure, or otherwise support advertising by third parties (through our apps or third parties’ apps) that may be related to your location over time.
Some of our apps may offer you the ability to register and login using your third party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the app you are using, and on the social media provider concerned, but may often include your name, e-mail address, mobile phone number and friends list. We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy or that are otherwise made clear to you in the app you are using. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third party social media provider. We recommend that you see their privacy policy to understand how they collect, use and share your information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
If you have registered with an app using your social media account details, we may use the information we receive from your social media provider to identify which of your friends are also using our services so that you can connect with them in our app.
In some services, to ensure a consistent experience across your devices
Link the various apps and devices you use, so that you can enjoy a consistent experience of our services on all of them. This will allow us to form a single view of your use of our services, so you can easily access your content on multiple devices. For this purpose and better user experience generally, we may use and combine your personal information which we collect across different services used by you.
To improve our services and develop new ones
Develop new features and services (for example, we may decide to build a new feature further to requests or feedback received from users).
Mobilioji Visata uses the Google Analytics tool Firebase in order to carry out analysis on information which is gathered by our apps. Device information and other information which we gather are provided to Google in order to enable them to carry out data analysis. Any information which is provided to Google will become subject to Google’s privacy policy which is located here:
www.google.com/privacy.html
. For further information on how Google’s Firebase analytics tool uses data, please see the site “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”, (located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
).
Conduct research and analysis of your behavior about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content to improve our services and content (for instance, we may decide to change the look and feel or even substantially modify a given feature based on users’ behavior). This software may record information such as how often you use the services, what happens within the services, aggregated usage, performance data, app errors and debugging information, and where the apps were downloaded from.
To communicate with you
Communicate with you by postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices (including through in-application advertising) about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our parent or subsidiary companies or other third parties. If you do not wish to receive in-application advertising, in some cases you can upgrade to the paid version of the app.
When you share your information with us via a social network provider like Facebook, we use this to show information on your social network profile (subject to your privacy setting and preferences for such social network) and to allow you to share information about our services with your connections or on your social network profile.
With your consent (where needed), to send you email marketing in order to provide you with information about services that you may find of interest. We also send you non-marketing emails or messages, such as those related to transactions, your account, security, or product changes. Examples of service-related messages include an email address confirmation/welcome email when you register your account, service availability or modification of key features or functions.
To serve you relevant offers and ads
Develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness. When you are on our services, third-party ad partners may provide you with advertising based upon your interests. These companies may use technologies to collect data about users, including precise device location data, to help them tailor relevant ads and measure ads’ effectiveness. These companies may collect this data through SDKs or from users who view or interact with their advertisements. For the purposes of European law, most of these ad partners are independent controllers of your information, which means that they are responsible for providing and complying with their own policies relating to any personal information they obtain in connection with the services. It also means that if you are a Facebook app user for example – you provided consent to Facebook in your Facebook app to allow them to show you personalized ads inside of our services.
Verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes and in order to conduct polls and surveys;
To prevent, detect and fight fraud or other illegal or unauthorized activities
Perform data analysis to better understand and design countermeasures against these activities
Retain data related to fraudulent activities to prevent against recurrences
To ensure legal compliance
Comply with legal requirements
Assist law enforcement
Enforce or exercise our rights
To process your information as described above, we rely on the following legal bases:
Provide our service to you
: Most of the time, the reason we process your information is to perform the contract that you have with us. For instance, as you go about using our service, we use your information to maintain your account and provide our cool features to you.
Legitimate interests
: We may use your information where we have legitimate interests to do so. For instance, we analyze users’ behavior on our services to continuously improve our offerings and we process information for administrative, fraud detection and other legal purposes.
Consent
: From time to time, we may ask for your consent to use your information for certain specific reasons. You may withdraw your consent at any time where indicated in the services or by contacting us at the address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
With our service providers and partners
We follow a strict vetting process prior to engaging any service provider or working with any partner. We use third parties to help us operate and improve our services. These third parties assist us with various tasks, including data hosting and maintenance, analytics, marketing, advertising and security operations. These service providers may have limited access to your information, which is needed to perform their functions, but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes. We use your non-personal information (meaning information that, by itself, does not identify who you are such as device information) for targeted online marketing through tools like Facebook Custom Audience to contact interested parties.
In addition, we may share aggregated information we collect, under any of the above circumstances, with third parties, including advisors, advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis or other legitimate business purposes. Please note that such aggregated information will not include any information which allows third parties to identity you.
assist us in technical processing operations, such as data hosting and maintenance, finance, legal, HR and accounting assistance, securing our data and systems and fighting against spam, abuse, fraud, infringement and other wrongdoings.
for legitimate business purposes such as corporate audit, analysis and consolidated reporting as well as compliance with applicable laws.
For corporate transactions
We may transfer your information if we are involved, whether in whole or in part, in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control.
When required by law
We may disclose your information if reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant, government / law enforcement investigation or other legal requirements; (ii) in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; or (iii) to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others.
To enforce legal rights
We may also share information: (i) if disclosure would mitigate our liability in an actual or threatened lawsuit; (ii) as necessary to protect our legal rights and legal rights of our users, business partners or other interested parties and/or to comply with applicable law; (iii) to enforce our agreements or policies with you; and (iv) to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing.
With your consent or at your request
We may ask for your consent to share your information with third parties. In any such case, we will make it clear why we want to share the information.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received. We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. As with all technology companies, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secure. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks and regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices to update our physical, technical and organizational security measures.
We may suspend your use of all or part of the services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. If you believe that your account or information is no longer secure, please notify us immediately at support@mobiliojivisata.com
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
support@mobiliojivisata.com