home
Our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
We are strongly committed to safeguarding subscribers' privacy.
We operate under the following strict privacy policy: The only information we obtain about our subscribers is information we need to process credit card charges for subscription fees. The information collected is never revealed, sold, or made public for any reason to any entity or third party. Personally identifiable information provided by subscribers (name, email or home address, etc.) is never disclosed to any individual or business.  Any information in a user account may be deleted upon request.
Our business does not fall under the purview of the CCPA.
Cookies
Each time a subscriber visits or logs into this site, we store a temporary 'cookie' in the browser files of that subscriber's computer. This cookie is used during your online session to allow you free access to the Subscribers Area, without repeatedly requiring you to re-enter your user name and password. When you log off or leave the site, the cookies file is automatically removed.
Cookies are used by other parties (including but not limited to google analytics, google adwords, and facebook) to enhance the user experience for visitors to the site.
External Links
In order to provide visitors with greater value, some of our pages may provide links to various third party websites. In no case is subscriber information or 'cookies' provided to the third party sites. However, keep in mind that many sites do attempt to capture visitor information when you browse those sites. Once you leave our site, we are not able to alert you should another site attempt to gather information from your browser.
Private Forums
We provide our subscribers with a multi-tiered Discussion Forum that makes sharing information with other subscribers easy. To protect your privacy when posting or replying to messages in the message board, your personal information and email is not revealed. However, remember that any information you disclose in the message board areas can be read by all other subscribers, so exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
We use a variety of security measures including encryption and authentication from Thawte to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of your personal information under our control.
Choice/Opt-In
Our site gives users the opportunity to opt-in to receive communications from us. You can be assured that we never reveal, sell, or make available your email address to anyone for any purpose. This site also gives users options for removing their information from our database in order to stop receiving our communications.
Other
If you have questions regarding our privacy policy, feel free to
contact us
.
Cookie Listing
Cookie Name
Use