Fonts for iPhones app Privacy Policy
1. How your Privacy is Protected
Pro App LLC Inc. ("Pro App LLC" "us" or "we") are dedicated to protecting your privacy and handling any personally identifiable information we obtain from you with care and respect.

            This Privacy Policy sets forth our policy with respect to information, including personally identifiable information that is collected from users of the Fonts for iPhones app. When this Privacy Policy uses the term "personally identifiable information," we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as the individual's name, address, e-mail, and phone number. Personally identifiable information is also referred to in this Privacy Policy as "personal information."

            As used in this Privacy Policy, Pro App LLC includes all of its subsidiary and affiliated entities. Pro App LLC is referred to in this Privacy Policy as "we," "us," "our," and "ourselves."
2. Google Analytics
The Pro App LLC extension uses Google Analytics to track use of the Browser Extension and trends. Google Analytics collects various data including the page URL, page title, Search Terms, IP Address, and Page Language.

            You can review Google's Privacy Policy here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy. You can review additional information about how Google Analytics uses your data here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245

            Google provides various privacy controls to limit its collection of data, including the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. More information about opting out of Google Analytics can be found here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881
3. Locally Stored Information
The Browser Extension also locally stores information (on the user's computer only). This information includes the settings for the extension and recently-used emoji. This data is not sent to Pro App LLC. Since the data stored within the extension namespace, when the Browser Extension is uninstalled this locally stored data is removed as well.
4. Do Not Track
We currently do not participate in any "Do Not Track" frameworks that would allow us to respond to signals or other mechanisms from you regarding the collection of data.
5. Notice to EU Citizens and those Currently Residing in the EU
If you are an EU citizen, or currently residing in the EU, we may hold and process personal information that you provide to us in accordance with the DPA and GDPR.

            The DPA and GDPR give you the right to access information held about you by us. Please write to us or contact us by email if you wish to request confirmation of what personal information we hold relating to you. You can write to us at Pro App LLC Inc. Attn: Privacy Compliance 2505 Anthem Village DR Suite E-525 Henderson, NV 89052, or by email to privacy@Pro App LLC.com. There is no charge for requesting that we provide you with details of the personal data that we hold. We will provide this information within one month of your requesting the data.
6. International Privacy Laws / Storage and Transfer of your Data
If you are an EU citizen or currently residing in the EU, please be advised that the information you provide to us is transferred to and stored in countries outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Your data is also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA. Nonetheless, we have taken steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected, as outlined in this privacy policy and in accordance with the DPA and GDPR.

            For all users, if you are using the websites from outside the United States, please be aware that you are sending information (including potentially personally identifiable information) to the United States, including to Google. Any information sent to Pro App LLC, other than from EU citizens and those currently residing in the EU, will be held in accordance with privacy laws in the United States and this Privacy Policy.

            Any information sent to Google will be held in accordance with that company's privacy policies.
7. Purchase or Sale of Businesses
From time to time we may purchase a business or one or more of our businesses may be sold and any data may be transferred as a part of the purchase or sale. We may also, sell, assign, or otherwise transfer such information in the regular course of business. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
8. Additional Disclosures Required By Law
We will disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that such disclosures are required by law, including, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena; to enforce our Privacy Policy; to protect your safety or security; and/or, protect the safety and security of our web sites, us, and/or third parties, including the safety and security of property that belongs to us or third parties.
9. Children's Information
This Browser Extensions are not directed toward persons under thirteen (13) years of age. Pro App LLC does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from persons under thirteen (13) years of age.
10. Applicability
This Privacy Policy applies to personally identifiable information collected through the Browser Extension and does not apply to any other information collected by Pro App LLC through any other means.
11. Changes and Updates
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we do this, we will post the amended Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Browser Extension after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy or any future Privacy Policy, do not use (or continue to use) the Browser Extension.