English
Australia
China
France
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Netherlands
New Zealand
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom
United States
No relevant currency found
Sale
SALE: Up To 50% Off New Season
SALE: View All
SALE: Clothing
SALE: Tops
SALE: Bottoms
SALE: Co-Ords
SALE: Dresses
SALE: Jackets and Coats
SALE: Knitwear
New In
Clothing
Clothing
View All
Best Sellers
Athleisure
Blazers
Co-Ords
Dresses
Essentials
Jumpsuits
Jackets & Coats
Knitwear
Loungewear
Maternity
Playsuits
Pyjamas
Shapewear
Swim
Tailoring
Unitards
Tops
Bodysuits
Shirts and Blouses
Sweatshirts and Hoodies
T-Shirts
Waistcoats
Bottoms
Cycling Shorts
Joggers
Jeans
Leggings
Shorts
Skirts
Trousers
Knitwear
Cardigans
Jumpers
Knitted Dresses
Knitted Sets
Knitted Skirts
Knitted Tops
Knitted Trousers
Denim
Denim Dresses
Denim Jackets
Denim Shorts
Denim Skirts
Jeans
Denim Guide
Shop By Fit
Curve
Petite
Tall
Maternity
Dresses
Dresses
View All
Shop by Length
Mini Dresses
Midi Dresses
Midaxi Dresses
Maxi Dresses
Shop by Style
A-Line Dresses
Bodycon Dresses
Bardot Dresses
Bandeau Dresses
Little Black Dresses
Knitted Dresses
Skater Dresses
Smock Dresses
Shirt Dresses
Swing Dresses
Wrap Dresses
White Dresses
Party Dresses
Shop by Fit
Curve Dresses
Petite Dresses
Tall Dresses
Tops
View All
Bodysuits
Bandeau Tops
Cardigans
Crop Tops
Cami Tops
Jumpers
Sweatshirts and Hoodies
Shirts and Blouses
T-Shirts
Waistcoats
Going Out Tops
Wedding Shop
Bridesmaid Dresses
Wedding Guest Outfits
Hen Party
Co-Ords
Athleisure
Athleisure
All Athleisure
Tops
Sweatshirts & Hoodies
Joggers
Leggings
Activewear
All Activewear
Gym Tops
Gym Leggings
Sports Bras
Unitards
fITS
All fITS
fITS Tops
fITS Sweatshirts and Hoodies
fITS Leggings and Shorts
fITS Unitards
Leggings Guide
Coats & Jackets
Aviator Jackets
Blazers
Borg Jackets
Trench Coats
Puffer Jackets
Trends & Occasions
Trends
Animal Print
Airport Outfits
Boho Western
Brunch Outfits
Dress For The Races
Holiday Shop
Jeans and A Nice Top
New Season Prints
90's Nostalgia
Workwear
Shoes & Accessories
Shoes And Accessories
View All
Shoes
Heels
Sandals
Boots
Flats
Trainers
Wedges
Boots Guide
Accessories
Jewellery
Belts
Bags
Sunglasses
Hats
Hair Accessories
Shop by Fit
Curve
Curve Dresses
Curve Denim
Curve Jeans
Curve Jumpsuits
Curve Knitwear
Curve Skirts
Curve Tops
Curve Trousers
Tall
Tall Dresses
Tall Denim
Tall Jumpsuits
Tall Jeans
Tall Knitwear
Tall Skirts
Tall Tops
Tall Trousers
Petite
Petite Dresses
Petite Denim
Petite Jumpsuits
Petite Jeans
Petite Knitwear
Petite Skirts
Petite Tops
Petite Trousers
Maternity
Maternity Dresses
Maternity Leggings
Maternity Swim
Maternity Skirts
Maternity Tops
Beauty
Face
Foundation
Bronzer
Blusher
Highlighter
Powder
Setting Spray
Concealer
Primer
Eyes
Eyebrows
Eyeshadow
Mascara
Lips
Lipstick
Lip Liners
Lip Oil
Nails
Nail Varnish
The Edit
The Edit
Blog
Get The Look
United Kingdom（GBP £）
Australia（AUD AU$）
China（CNY ¥）
France（EUR €）
Germany（EUR €）
Ireland（EUR €）
Italy（EUR €）
Netherlands（EUR €）
New Zealand（NZD $）
Slovenia（EUR €）
Spain（EUR €）
Sweden（SEK kr）
United Kingdom（GBP £）
United States（USD $）
This policy
sets out the basis on which personal information about you may be collected and used when you use our website (whether browsing or making a purchase),
https://www.inthestyle.com
(regardless of where you visit it from), and on our mobile application, register an account with us, and interact with us on In The Style’s official Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube, SnapChat and Pintrest [and other social accounts] (“Social Media”). This policy also tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. By using the Site and applications, registering an In The Style Account and interacting with our Social Media you are accepting and consenting to the terms of this policy. In The Style Fashion Limited (company number 08792519) is the owner and operator of the site and the relevant accounts on the Social Media and shall in these terms be referred to as “we”, “us”, “our” and “In The Style”. Our headquarters are at Unit 5, Olympic Court, Salford, M50 2QP. We reserve the right to amend these Terms from time to time. The Terms were most recently updated on 25th May 2018. The data protection law in the UK will change on 25 May 2018. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you
including
through;
Direct interactions. You may give us your identity, contact and financial data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you;
Place an order for our products;
Create an account on our website;
Subscribe to our newsletters;
Request marketing to be sent to you; or
Give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. We may also receive technical data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see below for further details on cookies.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below:
Technical data (including internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website) from the following parties:
Analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU.
Advertising networks such as AdSense based inside and outside the EU.
Contact, financial and transaction data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services based inside or outside the EU.
MARKETING
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods from us and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
THIRD-PARTY MARKETING
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the In the Style Fashion Limited for marketing purposes.
OPTING OUT
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us.
Writing to or emailing us at customerservices@inthestyle.com
Clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link in any marketing e-mail you receive from Us
Changing your marketing consent in the My Account section of http://www.inthestyle.com/.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product experience or other transactions. Please be aware that this will opt you out of any In The Style marketing communications with the exception of app notifications. The customer controls opting in or out of these on their own device, so if it any time you also wish to opt out of app notifications then that can be done in the settings on your phone or tablet.
CHANGE OF PURPOSE
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We do not sell any of your information to any third party. We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Internal third parties such as our employees or officers.
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you for example our carriers that deliver the products purchased on our Site to you, our card and payment processing companies that process your payments for the purchased items and suppliers of items and prizes for our promotions and other carefully selected third parties whom we consider may be of interest to you.
Market research and promotions management agencies to help improve the Sites and Social Media, and the services we offer to you.
Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Sites and the Social Media.
In all circumstances we work closely with these third parties to ensure your privacy is respected and protected. We may also disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If In The Style Fashion Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use or Terms of Sale and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of In The Style Fashion Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
LINKS TO 3RD PARTY WEBSITES
The Site and Social Media may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that this may allow third parties to collect or share personal data about you and these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. This Privacy Policy only covers the Sites and our content on the Social Media, and does not cover any other website or application.
KLARNA PRIVACY POLICY
A comprehensive view of Klarna's privacy policy can be found by following this link.
http://cdn.klarna.com/1.0/shared/content/legal/terms/Klarna/en_gb/privacy
SECURITY
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, destinations outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. We will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted via our Site and Social Media; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We use a trusted third-party payment processing service to process your payment to us and we do not store your credit/debit card information. We use secure socket layer software (SSL) to encrypt personal information that you provide via your registered account on our Website (including your payment details). This technology prevents you from inadvertently revealing personal information using an unsecure connection. Our Website is certified with an SSL certificate, which verifies that our Website is secure. We keep your information confidential and store user personal data on a secure server which is password protected and hidden behind a firewall. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
AGE
The Sites are not intended for use by anyone under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information relating to anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16 you should not use the Site, Social Media or provide any information about yourself including without limitation your name, address, email address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a person under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe that we may have any information from or about a person under 16, please contact us by email at
customerservices@inthestyle.com
.
COOKIES
The site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of the Site. These cookies help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the Site and also allows us to improve the Site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our
Cookie Policy
.
HOW LONG WE WILL KEEP YOUR INFORMATION FOR
We will only keep your information for as long as you have your account or as long as is needed to provide a service to you and to fulfill the purposes we collected it for. If reasonably necessary or required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions, we may also keep hold of some of your information as required even after you have closed your account or it is no longer needed to provide the services to you. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. Your personal data will be stored for no longer than 18 months of you ceasing to be registered with us as a customer of the site. If you have registered to receive communications from us as part of our mailing list, then we will keep your personal data for 12 months, at which time we will seek to obtain consent from you to continue storing your data and contacting you. If this is not received, we will automatically delete your personal data at that time. In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see ‘request erasure’ below for further information. In some circumstances, we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Access to information:
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the data protection laws. If you would like a copy of the information held about you please email customerservices@inthestyle.com. Any access request will usually be free of charge. We will endeavour to provide information in a format requested but this cannot be guaranteed, but we may charge you a reasonable fee for additional copies.
Correction of information:
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email customerservices@inthestyle.com. We will correct any information found to be incorrect.
Deletion of information:
You have the right to request that your personal data be deleted; including if we no longer need it for the purpose we collected it, or you withdraw your consent.
Following such a request we will erase your personal data without undue delay unless continued retention is necessary and permitted by law. If we made the personal data public, we will take reasonable steps to inform other data controllers processing about your erasure request.
Consequences of Deletion
You may no longer be able to receive, or query historic receipt of, marketing from In The Style or its marketing partners
In The Style may no longer be able to provide information on historical purchases, including the fulfilment of orders, processing of returned products and refunds, or the support of payment queries and fraudulent claims
Deletion is irreversible. Please consider the above consequences before requesting the deletion of any data
Object to processing:
You have the right to object to us processing your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Restriction on processing:
You have the right to request that we suspend processing your personal data, but hold it for you, in the event the personal data we hold is inaccurate, the processing is unlawful or we no longer need the personal data. Once the processing is restricted, we will only continue to process your personal data if you consent or we have another legal basis for doing so.
Data portability:
You have the right to receive a copy of your personal data which you gave to us. The copy will be provided in a commonly used and machine-readable format.  You can also have it transmitted directly from us to another data controller, where technically possible.
HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us. No fee usually required:
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
Withdraw consent at any time:
You may withdraw your consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
What we may need from you:
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Other:
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. If requested, we will transfer all, or elements of, your data to other service providers (where applicable).
Time limit to respond:
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Financial information (includes bank account and payment card details)
How We Use The Information
Legal Basis of Processing
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed   to us
a)    Performance of a contract with you.
b)    Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us).
Your Contact History With Us Historical calls, emails, instant chat or on social media
How We Use The Information
Legal Basis of Processing
To provide customer service and support.
We need this information to perform our contract with you.
Train our staff.
To improve our service to you (Legitimate Interest).
Your Contact History With Us Historical calls, emails, instant chat or on social media
How We Use The Information
Legal Basis of Processing
To provide customer service and support.
We need this information to perform our contract with you.
To find out what you and other customers like to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you.
To improve our offering (Legitimate Interest)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences.
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy).
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you.
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business).
How We Use The Information
Legal Basis of Processing
To improve the website user experience.
To give you the best possible shopping experience (Legitimate Interest).
To protect our website.
To prevent and detect fraud against you or us (Legitimate Interest).
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To improve our offering (Legitimate Interest).
How We Use The Information
Legal Basis of Processing
To run a survey, competition or promotion.
Necessary for our legitimate interest (to manage the survey, competition or promotion).
How We Use The Information
Legal Basis of Processing
Fraud prevention and detection
To prevent and detect fraud against you or us (Legitimate Interest).
How We Use The Information
Legal Basis of Processing
To register you as a new customer.
We need this information to perform our contract with you.
To carry out obligations arising from the contract between us, i.e. to process and deliver your order (including managing payments, fees and charges and collecting and recovering money owed to us), enter you into a prize draw, competition or other promotion.
a)    We need this information to perform our contract with you
b)    Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
a)    Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
b)    Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
a)    Performance of a contract with you
b)    Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
c)    Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
Send you information about new products that may be of interest to you.
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business).
Fraud prevention and detection.
To prevent and detect fraud against you or us (Legitimate Interest).
To deliver relevant website content and how you adverts as you browse the internet and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we service to you.
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy).
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
a)    Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise).
b)    Necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
DATA CONTROLLER
For all services, the data controller (the company responsible for your privacy) is In The Style Fashion Limited. We have appointed a data privacy manager (DPM) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPM using the details set out below.
CONTACT DETAILS
Our full details are: Full name of legal entity: In The Style Fashion Limited Name or title of DPM: Chief Operations Officer Email address:
dataprotection@inthestyle.com
Postal address: 5 Olympic Court, Manchester, M50 2PQ Should you have any concerns, we would appreciate the chance to deal with them in the first instance. If you would like to speak to us in relation to any concerns you have, please contact us by email atcustomerservices@inthestyle.co.uk You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk
).
DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE USE IT
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data). We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you;
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests;
where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation; and
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us. During your use of the sites (including for browsing and purchasing), your registration and use of your account registered with us, your interaction on Social Media, when you participate in any promotions on or linked to the Site and/or on the Social Media, and when corresponding with us, we may collect, use, store, transfer and process the following personal data about you:
COOKIE POLICY
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which allow our website to recognise your device and are downloaded to your device when you visit a website if you agree to the site doing so. Cookies are then sent back to the website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie.
This policy sets out the cookies are used on
www.inthestyle.com
(“Site”). By using our Site you are accepting and consenting to the terms of this policy (the “Policy”).
In The Style Fashion Limited (company number 08792519) (“we, “us”, “our” or “In The Style”) is the owner and operator of the Site. Our headquarters are at Unit 5, Olympic Court, Salford, M50 2QP.
We reserve the right to amend this Policy from time to time. The Policy was most recently updated on 1st May 2018.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies.
These are cookies that are required for the operation of the Site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the Site and use a shopping basket.
Analytical/performance cookies.
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the Site works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies.
These are used to recognise you when you return to the Site. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies.
These cookies record your visit to the Site, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make the Site and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Managing Cookies
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of the Site.
First Party Cookies
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
COOKIE Name
COOKIE Description
__cfduid
This cookie is used by our partner CloudFlare to ensure we secure the operations of our Site and your data so is strictly necessary
__utma
Used by Google Analytics to keep track of how many times a user has been to our Site
__utmb
Used by Google Analytics to determine when a user visits our Site
__utmc
Used by Google Analytics to determine when a user left our Site
__utmt
Used by Google Analytics to control request rate
__utmz
Used by Google Analytics to store the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached our Site
_anj
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
_ga
Used by Google Analytics to distinguish unique users
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to control request rate
_gid
Used by Google Universal Analytics to distinguish pages visited
C
Used by our partner bidswitch.net to regulate synchronisation of user identification and exchange of user data between various ad services.
CCCOT
Used by ccgateway.net
CCSID
Stores the ID of the current CustomerConnect session
CCUID
Stores the ID of the current CustomerConnect userID
CURRENCY
Allows our Site to store your preferred Currency
EMAIL_POPUP
Records whether you have closed our email popup
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
Records whether caching is disabled or not
FR
Used by Facebook to track users for advertising and social campaigns
FRONTEND
Records your session ID on our server
FRONTEND_CID
Allows us to secure your session with our Site and block MITM attacks
GUACLIENTID
Records your unique ID for Google Universal Analytics
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether our Site is allowed to use cache
TUUID
This cookie has a unique user ID (randomly created by IPON/Bidswitch) on the basis of which Bidswitch can remember what banners you have seen and if you have visited the Site of an advertiser. Bidswitch uses this information only for that specific advertiser to be able to determine when and how often you will see a certain banner.
TUUID_LAST_UPDATE
Used by bidswitch.net: Used to target ads by recording user behaviour across sites.
Third Party Cookies
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. We suggest you check the third party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Below is a list of some of the third party partners who may set cookies on your device:
Third Party
What Their Cookies Are Used For
HotJar
These cookies allow us to anonymously monitor how the Site is being used to improve our user’s experience.
For further information
https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out
Linkshare
Linkshare use cookies to anonymously record that a user has clicked on a Linkshare link that referred the user to Site.
For further information:
http://www.linkshare.com/legal/privacy/privacy_policy_changes/
Criteo
Criteo use cookies enable us to re-engage with potential customers who have left our Site via dynamic banners containing the most relevant product specific recommendations that are generated in real-time for each individual.
For further information:
http://www.criteo.com
Twitter
Twitter use cookies. These are used to anonymously record that a user has clicked on a Twitter add link that referred the user to our Site.
For further information:
https://twitter.com/privacy
Facebook and Instagram
Facebook use cookies. These are used to anonymously record that a user has clicked on a Facebook add link that referred the user to our Site.
For further information:
https://en-gb.facebook.com/help/cookies
Polyvore
Polyvore use cookies to anonymously record that a user has clicked on a Polyvore link that referred the user to our Site.
For further information:
http://www.polyvore.com/cgi/privacy-policy
Stylefruits
Stylefruits use cookies to anonymously record that a user has clicked on a Stylefruits link that referred the user to our Site.
For further information:
http://www.stylefruits.co.uk
Double Click
These cookies can tell Doubleclick how many times you have seen an ad and, for example, whether you need to see the UK or US version. It cannot find out any personal information about you.
For further information:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads?hl=en
Affiliate Window
These cookies are used to anonymously record that a user has clicked on an Affiliate Window link that referred the user to our Site.
For further information:
http://www.affiliatewindow.com/uk
Sale Cycle
These cookies mean our partner Sale Cycle can remind you by e-mail of products left in your basket
For further information
http://www.salecycle.com/service-privacy-notice/
Candid
These cookies mean our partner Candid can serve you content on the Site from social networks
For further information
https://www.getcandid.com/home/privacy/
Exponea
These cookies enable our CRM software partner Exponea to record event data on our website and mobile application to serve the customers marketing emails and personalised on-site experiences
For further information https://exponea.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Except for essential cookies, all cookies will expire after 12 months.