PRIVACY POLICY
1.- Who is responsible for the processing of the user’s personal data?
Full name: HAGGLEZON SL (hereinafter “Hagglezon”)
Address: C / Joan Blanques no. 61, 2nd 1st, CP 08024 of Barcelona
NIF: B67601237
Telephone: (+34) 623 195 686
E-mail address: legal@hagglezon.com
2.- For what purpose are the user’s personal data processed?
The data is used in order to be able to provide Hagglezon
'
s own service, which consists of
offering the user a price comparison for the different Amazon websites in Europe, using an
online product search engine. Hagglezon, as an Amazon affiliate, obtains its economic benefits
thanks to the purchases that the user makes on Amazon through the links provided on the
Hagglezon website or apps.
3.- How long will Hagglezon keep the user’s personal data?
While the user does not object to the processing of their personal data.
4.- What is the legitimacy for the processing of the user’s personal data?
The legal basis for the processing of user data is the prior consent to this granted by accepting
this Privacy Policy.
5.- To which recipients will personal data be communicated?
The user’s personal data will not be transferred or communicated to third companies, except
when legal obligation establishes it.
6.- What are the users’ rights over their personal data?
Hagglezon guarantees to the users in all cases the exercise of their rights which consist of:
Everyone has the right to obtain confirmation about whether or not Hagglezon is processing
their personal data.
Interested persons have the right to access their personal data, as well as to request the
rectification of inaccurate data or, where appropriate, request its deletion when, among other
reasons, the data is no longer necessary for the purposes that it was collected .
In certain circumstances, the interested parties may request the limitation of the processing
of their data, in which case it will only be kept for the exercise or defense of claims.
In certain circumstances and for reasons related to their particular situation, the interested
parties may object to the processing of their data. Hagglezon will stop processing the data,
except for compelling legitimate reasons, or for the exercise to defend possible claims.
Users also have the right to the portability of their data to other companies, provided that
they expressly request it and it technically is possible to do so and not be subject to automated
individualized decisions (including profiling). The user may exercise their rights by submitting
an express request, through any of the following means:
Email: legal@hagglezon.com
Postal mail: C / Joan Blanques no. 61, 2 nd , 1st, CP 08024 of Barcelona.
Likewise, users are informed that they have the right to withdraw their consent at any time,
without affecting the legality of the processing based on the consent prior to their withdrawal
and that they can file a claim with the Spanish Agency for Data Protection, especially when
they have not obtained satisfaction in the exercise of their rights. All contact information and
procedures before the Spanish Agency for Data Protection can be found through the
website
webpage
7.- How does Hagglezon obtain the user’s personal data?
Hagglezon, has obtained user data through:
The registration form on the website or apps. The user
'
s personal data has been
voluntarily provided by the interested party. By registering, the users will create their
own accounts to access Hagglezon.
The “social login” buttons that offer the user the option to register in Hagglezon
using their profile from a social network (such as Facebook). This option is an
identification system that allows one to use the access credentials of the social
network to access Hagglezon and be registered, thus having a personal area. This way,
the users will not have to create a specific identity, but may reuse their Facebook
credentials, or the social network in question, to identify themselves and be registered
in Hagglezon. That way the user is able to access Hagglezon with the data and
information that the user has expressly consented to be provided to Hagglezon
through the social network in question. However, access through any social network
does not exempt the user from compliance and observance of these legal terms and
the user must be aware that the loss of access to the social network will imply the loss
of access as a registered user to Hagglezon.
8.- What types of personal data of the users will be processed by Hagglezon?
The personal data to which Hagglezon has access are the following:
Identification data: Name and surname and email. This data is collected so that Hagglezon
can communicate with the user in a personalized way, that is, by name. In addition to this
personal data, Hagglezon may have access to:
The user’s favorite products.
Products from which the user wants to receive alerts.
Recent user searches.
Tracking (data on the use of the web and apps) to analyze user behavior and thus improve
Hagglezon. No specially protected data or special categories are processed.
9.- Applicable regulations
Hagglezon will treat the data in accordance with:
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of April 27, 2016,
concerning the protection of people with regard to the processing of their personal data and
the free circulation of these data (GDPR) )
Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, on the Protection of Personal Data and the guarantee of
digital rights (LOPDGDD).
10.- Consultation
If you have any questions or comments about how Hagglezon uses user data, write to
legal@hagglezon.com