Privacy Policy
Thank you for using our products. Respecting user privacy is our top priority.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection,
use and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to
the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.
The Personal Information that We collect is used for providing and improving the Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions,
which is accessible at application unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Data Collection and Use
We collect personal information from you, e.g. when you register for an account,
and also generate information about your use of our product.
For a better experience, while using our Service, 
We may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Device id.
The information that We request will be retained on our server and we make sure it is protected,
When you don't use our product for more than 1 year, we will clear all collection data of you.
Review or Delete the Data we collect from You
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, 
change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review or delete your personal information, please contact our offical email.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service,
in a case of an error in the app We collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data.
This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version,
the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services;
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf.
However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information,
thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.
But remember that no method of transmission over the internet,
or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable,
and We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2020-01-01
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy,
Do not hesitate to contact our offical email
(
admin@min87.com
).