Privacy policy
This application respects and protects the privacy of all users who use the service.
In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this application will use
and disclose your personal information in accordance with the privacy policy. However, this application
will be highly diligent and prudent to treat these information. Except as otherwise stated in this privacy
policy, this information will not be disclosed or provided to third parties without your prior permission.
This application will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to this application service
agreement, it is deemed that you have agreed to all of the contents of this privacy policy.
This privacy policy is an integral part of the agreement on the use of this service.
Child privacy
We recognize the need to provide further privacy protection for personal information from
children collected from our website and apps. Some functions on our website and apps are
age-constrained and cannot be used by children, and we will not deliberately collect personal
information from children.
when these functions are involved. When we intend to collect personal information from children,
we will take additional steps to protect the privacy of children, including:
Inform parents of our information practices related to children, including the types of personal information
we may collect from children, how we use this personal information,
whether we will share this personal information with third parties, and with whom we may share these
personal information information;
In accordance with applicable laws and our practice, we will collect personal information from children or directly
send information about our products and services to children after obtaining parental consent;
Limit our collection of children's personal information to what is reasonably necessary to participate in specific online activities;
and Grant parents the ability or ability to access personal information that we collect from children, and grant parents the ability to request
changes or deletion of that personal information.
隐私政策
本应用尊重并保护所有使用服务用户的个人隐私权。为了给您提供更准确、更有个性化的服务，
本应用会按照本隐私权政策的规定使用和披露您的个人信息。但本应用将以高度的勤勉、审慎义务对待这些信息。
除本隐私权政策另有规定外，在未征得您事先许可的情况下，本应用不会将这些信息对外披露或向第三方提供。
本应用会不时更新本隐私权政策。 您在同意本应用服务使用协议之时，即视为您已经同意本隐私权政策全部内容。
本隐私权政策属于本应用服务使用协议不可分割的一部分。
儿童隐私
我们认识到有必要对从我们的网站和应用程序收集的来自儿童的个人信息提供进一步的隐私保护。我们的网站和应用程序上的一些功能有年龄约束，
儿童不能使用，而且我们不会在涉及这些功能时故意从儿童那里收集个人信息。当我们打算从儿童那里收集个人信息时，我们会采取额外步骤来保护儿童的隐私，包括：
通知家长我们与儿童相关的信息实践，包括我们可能从儿童那里收集的个人信息类型、我们如何使用这些个人信息、我们是否会将这些个人信息与
第三方分享以及我们可能与哪些第三方谁共享这些信息；
根据适用的法律和我们的实践，我们将在征得家长同意后才从儿童那里收集个人信息或直接向儿童发送我们的产品和服务信息；
将我们对儿童个人信息的收集限定于为参加特定在线活动而合理必要的范围之内；
并且授予家长访问或经申请被批准访问我们从儿童那里收集的个人信息的访问权限或能力，以及授予家长请求变更或删除该个人信息的能力。