Privacy Policy
🙋 Questions? Visit our FAQ
Welcome
We at Wisdo ("Wisdo","we","our", "us") respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains the privacy practices for our Wisdo online platform, an online service that offers crowdsourced insights and guidance on life challenges (the “Service”). It also describes the rights and options available to you with respect to your information.
Personal Data We Collect
User registration
. When you sign up to the Service, we will process your name (or nickname) and email address. If you sign-up through Facebook, Apple, Google or other third party service, we will only obtain your name, nickname and email address from  these services.. Once you are signed-up, we will use a unique user ID to identify your user account. We will call all of this data “User Onboarding Data”.
User active lifetime
. Throughout your use of the Service, we will process the chat messages, posts, contributions, search phrases, and reactions to content that you provide. Depending on what you choose to provide, these may include special categories of data that you provided in your posts and contributions, such as data concerning health, data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs. We will also process your user notification preferences which indicate which notifications you wish to receive from the Service. This data We will call this “User Active Lifetime Data”.
User analytics
. We process the user-interface clicks you’ve engaged in on the Service, the time-zone set on your mobile device, the time and date you last used the Service, as well as an indication of which content and user-notifications you viewed on the Service and when. We will call this “Analytics Data”.
User moderation
. We will process the content of your user posts and chats, your unique user ID on the Service and your mobile device’s unique fingerprint. We will call this “User Moderation Data”.
You are not legally obligated to provide or give access to any personal data, but we do need this information to provide you the Service.
How We Use Personal Data
We process User Onboarding Data, User Active Lifetime Data, Payment Data and User Analytics to provide and manage the functionality and service that the Service offers.
We process the User Onboarding Data, User Active Lifetime Data and User Analytics in order to send notifications and updates about the Service and the content you may be interested in on the Service. You can control the notification and updates you receive through the designated menu of the Service.
We also process the User Onboarding Data and User Active Lifetime Data to contact you with administrative messages.
We process Onboarding Data, User Active Lifetime Data, Payment Data and User Analytics to obtain insights for our product development, optimize user notifications, research trends, for business development purposes as well as to improve and enhance the Service.
We will process User Moderation Data to detect and handle inappropriate user content. This may lead us to restrict the inappropriate user’s access to the Service, by way of issuing the user a warning, suspending the user temporarily, or banning the user from the Service altogether.
We may invite you to complete surveys to help assess the effectiveness of Wisdo and how we, the business organization that sponsors your use of Wisdo and others we cooperate with can further assist you. You are not legally obligated to accept the invitation and respond to the survey. You may do so at your own discretion.
If you choose to participate in a survey conducted by a company or organization other than Wisdo, the other company or organization will process the information you provide in connection with the survey. Note that their use of your information is their own responsibility, not Wisdo’s.
You may opt out of us processing your data to send you these invitations, at any time, by contacting us at
support@wisdo.com
or by following the opt-out button in each invitation.
When And How We Share Personal Data With Others
If you post content publicly on the Service, that content will be visible to all other users of the Service with a tag indicating that you posted it. Your messages in group chats will be visible to all users of that group chat.
We will share your personal information with our service providers who assist us with the internal operations of the Service and other aspects of our business. These include:
Amazon Web Services, Inc. for cloud storage and processing
Cloudinary Ltd. for cloud storage and processing
Google LLC. for web and app analytics
Shift 6 Ltd., Appsee Inc. for crash handling and analytics
AppsFlyer Ltd. for mobile marketing analytics
These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us and not for their own promotional purposes. We do not sell your personal information to third parties, but we do create aggregated information about how our users use Wisdo collectively, and share that aggregated information with the business organization that sponsors your use of Wisdo. The aggregated information we share does not identify you and does not enable the business organization to identify you.
If you have seriously abused your rights to use the Service, or violated any applicable law, we will share your information with competent authorities and with third parties (such as legal counsels and advisors), for the purpose of handling of the violation or breach. If we are required to disclose your information by a judicial, governmental or regulatory authority. If the operation of Wisdo or the Service is organized within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity (such as due to a merger or acquisition, we will share your information to enable the structural change.
If you are a member of an organization that sponsors your use of the Wisdo Service, such as a health-plan or non-profit, we will share the following information about you with the sponsoring organization in case the sponsoring organization requires it: your email or cell phone number, the Wisdo Service communities you joined, the steps in the community timeline journey that you clicked on, your responses to surveys you participated in, the satisfaction score you gave Wisdo and the sponsoring organization, the number of times you visited the Wisdo Service, and the type of interactions you engaged in with the app (such as the number of messages sent/read, and the number of posts read). Wisdo will NOT share with the sponsoring organization the content of your private or group messages on the Wisdo Service, or your messages with Wisdo.
Security And Data Retention
We retain personal data for the duration needed to support our ordinary business activities operating the Service. Thereafter, we will still retain your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, establish and defend legal claims and enforce our agreements.
We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage, loss of information and unauthorized access or use of information, such as encrypted transmission of the data we communicate to and from users.
However, these measures do not provide absolute information security. Therefore, although efforts are made to secure your personal information, it is not guaranteed, and you cannot expect that the Service will be immune from information security risks.
Short Message Services (SMS)
We may send you short mobile message services (“SMS”) messages in various formats while you are using the Service. The purpose of sending SMS to users of the App is to provide timely and relevant information related to the Service and enhance the overall user experience.
We may send you messages relating to engaging with the Service, including (1) account-related such as password resets, and security alerts, (2) Service-related SMS, such as reminders to complete surveys, join coaching sessions, or check out different features of the Service. This can also include information about other services available to you through the organization that sponsors your use of the Wisdo Service, such as a health plan or non-profit. We do not charge for mobile messages sent through the Service but you are responsible for any message and data rates imposed by your mobile provider, as standard data and message rates may apply for SMS and MMS alerts.
By using the Service, you are explicitly consenting to receive SMS from us for the purposes outlined in this Policy.
You may opt out of receiving SMS at any time. To opt out, reply
STOP
to any mobile message from us. You may continue to receive text messages for a short period while we process your request, and you may receive a one-time opt-out confirmation message. You understand and agree that the foregoing is the only reasonable method of opting out. For support, reply
HELP
to any mobile message from us.
Our mobile messaging platform may not recognize requests that modify the foregoing commands, and you agree that we and our service providers will not be liable for failing to honor requests that do not comply with the opt-out requirements.
Additional Information For Users In California
Below is a detailed description of the information we collect from you and the commercial purposes for which we use each category of personal information. This is also the information we have collected in the past 12 months.
In addition, each of the categories of personal information described below are disclosed (but not sold) to third parties as detailed above in this privacy policy’s section titled “When and How We Share Personal Data with Others”.
Categories of Personal Information
Specific Types of Personal Information Collected and sources of information
Business or commercial purposes pursuant to the CCPA
Specific purposes
Identifiers
Name, email address, mobile phone number, unique user ID.
You are the source of this information. If you sign-up through Facebook, Google or Apple, these social network platforms are the source of your information.
Providing customer service.
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
Debugging to identify and repair errors.
To provide and manage the functionality and service that the Service offers.
To send you notifications and updates about the Service and contact you with administrative messages.
To verify your identity.
To communicate with you.
To improve our products and services and prevent fraud.
to invite you to participate in surveys
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual
Information you provide when you interact with us.
You are the source of this information.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
User Active Lifetime Data (such as the chat messages, posts, contributions, search phrases, and reactions to content that you provide).
You are the source of this information.
User Analytics Data (such as user-interface clicks you’ve engaged in on the Service, and an indication of which content and user-notifications you viewed on the Service and when).
Your device through which you access the Service is the source of this information.
User Moderation Data (such as your unique user ID on the Service and your mobile device’s unique fingerprint).
Your device through which you access the Service is the source of this information.
Your rights under the CCPA
Disclosure of personal information we collect about you.
You have the right to know: the categories of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected; our business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information; the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, if any; the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Right to deletion.
Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:
Delete your personal information from our records; and
Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
Please note that we may not delete your personal information if it is necessary to:
Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with an existing legal obligation; or
Otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Protection against discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you exercised any of your rights under the CCPA. This means we cannot, among other things:
Deny goods or services to you;
Charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties, except for an appropriate Financial Incentive;
Provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you; or
Suggest that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Exercising your CCPA rights
If you would like to exercise any of your CCPA rights as described in this Privacy Policy, please email us at
support@wisdo.com
.
We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the personal data requested to you, by using a two or three points of data verification process, depending on the type of information you request.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may change this Policy, in which case we will post an updated version of the Policy. The latest version of the Policy will always be accessible through the Service.
Contact us
Should you have any inquiries, complaints or suggestions, you may contact us at
support@wisdo.com
. We will do our best to resolve your issue in a timely manner.