TOP
個人情報及び特定個人情報等の取り扱いに関する保護方針
個人情報及び特定個人情報等の取り扱いに関する保護方針
PRIVACY POLICY
株式会社バンダイ(以下、「当社」といいます) は、当社における個人情報の取得、使用、開示方法についてご理解いただくため、このプライバシーポリシー（以下、「本プライバシーポリシー」といいます）にて、以下の経路を通じて当社が取得する個人情報の取り扱いについて説明します。
本プライバシーポリシーが掲載された当社が運営するウェブサイト（以下「ウェブサイト」といいます）。
当社が提供する、またはコンピュータやモバイルデバイスを通じて提供するソフトウェアアプリケーション（以下「アプリ」といいます）。
当社が本プライバシーポリシーへのリンクを掲載した当社のソーシャルメディアページ（以下、総称して「ソーシャルメディアページ」といいます）。
当社がお客様に送信する電子メール（本プライバシーポリシーまたはお客様とのその他のコミュニケーションへのリンクするHTML形式のもの）
当社がお客様と行うオフラインでのビジネス上のやりとり。
当社は、ウェブサイト、アプリ、ソーシャルメディアページ、電子メール、およびオフラインでのビジネス上のやりとりを総称して「サービス」と呼びます。
1. 取得する個人情報の種類
「個人情報」とは、お客様を個人として識別する、または識別可能な個人に関連する情報をいいます。 本サービスでは、以下のような個人情報を取得します（本サービスの内容により取得する個人情報は異なり、必ずしも以下で列挙される個人情報の全てを取得するわけではありません）。
名前（ニックネーム、ソーシャルメディアのユーザー名を含む）
郵送先住所（請求先、発送先を含む）
電話番号
メールアドレス
性別
生年月日
ユーザーID（例：バンダイナムコID、ソーシャルメディアのアカウントID）
パスワード
お問い合わせいただいた内容やお問合せの対応に必要な情報
投稿された個人の映像・画像
IPアドレス（IPアドレスからお客様のおおよその位置を割り出すこともあります。）
ログイン認証履歴
サービスご利用情報
2. 個人情報の取得方法
当社および当社のサービス提供者は、以下のような様々な方法で個人情報を取得します。
本サービスを通じた取得
当社は、本サービスを通じて個人情報を取得します。例えば、ニュースレターへの登録、本サービスへのアクセスのためのアカウント登録、当社のイベントへの参加、カスタマーサービスへの連絡、または購入などです。
他の情報源からの取得
当社は、他の情報源、例えば、Twitterでキャンペーンを行う場合はTwitterからお客様の個人情報を受け取ります。
お客様のソーシャルメディアアカウントを本サービスのアカウントに接続する場合、お客様は、特定の個人情報をお客様のソーシャルメディアアカウントから当社と共有します。（例えば、お客様の名前、電子メールアドレス、写真、ソーシャルメディア上の連絡先リスト、および、お客様がお客様のソーシャルメディアアカウントを本サービスアカウントに接続する際に当社にアクセスできるようになる、またはお客様が当社にアクセスできるようにするその他の情報）当社は、これを「ソーシャルシェアリング」と呼びます。
当社は、お客様にご依頼いただいたサービスを提供するために、個人情報を取得する必要があります。 お客様が要求された情報を提供していただけない場合、本サービスを提供できない場合があります。本サービスに関連して、お客様以外の方に関する個人情報を当社または当社のサービス提供者に開示する場合、お客様は、そのような権限を有し、本プライバシーポリシーに従って当社がその情報を使用することを許可することを表明するものとします。
3. 個人情報の処理目的
当社および当社のサービス提供者は、個人情報を以下の目的で処理します。
本サービスの機能を提供し、お客様のご要望にお応えするため
登録アカウントへのアクセス手配、お客様への関連サービス提供など、本サービスの機能をお客様に提供するため
お客様が当社のオンラインお問い合わせフォームまたはその他の方法で当社に連絡された際（例えば、お客様が当社に質問、提案または苦情をお送りいただいた場合）に、そのお問い合わせに対応し、ご要望にお応えするため
お客様の取引を完了し、お客様の情報を確認し、関連するサービスを提供するため
当社の規約、条件、ポリシーの変更などの管理情報をお客様に送信するため
当社のニュースレターまたはその他のマーケティング資料をお客様に提供すること、およびソーシャルシェアリングを促進すること
当社のサービス、新製品、その他当社に関するニュースなどの情報を含むマーケティング関連の電子メールを送信するため
お客様が利用することを選択したソーシャルシェアリング機能を促進するため
業務報告やパーソナライズされたサービスを提供するための個人情報の分析
当社のデジタルコンテンツがどのように利用されているかについて集計された傾向分析レポートを作成し、ユーザーの志向を分析または予測することで本サービスを改善するため
お客様の興味や志向をよりよく理解することで、お客様とのやり取りをパーソナライズし、お客様の興味に合わせた情報や提案を提供できるようにするため
お客様の志向をよりよく理解することで、本サービスを通じてお客様に関連性があり興味があると思われるコンテンツを提供できるようにするため
懸賞、コンテスト、その他のプロモーションへの参加の許可
当社は、お客様に懸賞、コンテスト、またはその他の販売促進活動に参加する機会を提供する場合、プロモーション参加資格の有無の判断、ご当選の場合の商品の発送、その他プロモーションの実施のため
これらのプロモーションの中には、当社によるお客様の個人情報の使用・開示方法に関する追加ルールを定めている場合があります。 参加を選択する前に、これらの追加ルールをご確認ください。
個人情報の集計
当社は、個人情報としての取扱いが不要となるように個人情報を集計することがあります。これによりお客様やその他の個人を識別できなくなることから、当社が任意の目的のために使用し、開示できる他のデータを作成するために行われます。
当社の事業目的を達成するため
より具体的には以下の目的をいいます。
本サービスの効率性や販売促進キャンペーンを向上させるため
法律、規制、または契約上の義務に対応するため
サイバー攻撃や個人情報の盗難を検知して防止する等、不正行為やセキュリティ監視のため
新製品やサービスを開発するため
当社の既存の製品およびサービスの強化、改善、修理、維持、または修正、ならびに品質および安全性の保証措置を実施するため
4. 個人情報の開示先
4-1 個人情報の開示先
当社は、以下の開示先に個人データを開示します。
当社のグループ会社に対して開示することがあります。
当社は、本プライバシーポリシーに定めた目的のために、
当社のグループ会社
に対して、個人データを開示することがあります。
当社は、以下の範囲において、お客様の個人データを共同利用します。
共同して利用される個人データの項目
氏名、住所、電話番号、生年月日、メールアドレス、アンケート、IPアドレス、性別
製品の識別子（JANコード、製品番号を含む）
個人認証に利用した識別子（ BANDAI NAMCO ID 、ソーシャルメディア固有の識別子）
製品の利用履歴（アプリの利用履歴を含む）
利用履歴（お問合せ商品情報、お問合せ対応履歴、ウェブサイトなどの視聴履歴、購入履歴、アプリの利用履歴および弊社とのコミュニケーションの履歴（メールの開封やメール本文に記載されたURLのクリックの履歴など）を含む）
なお、共同して利用する個人データには製品・サービス等の提供に伴いお客様等から直接ご提供いただく情報、弊社がお客様等によるオンラインサービス等のご利用を通じて自動的に取得する情報、および一般に公表されている情報が含まれます。
共同して利用する者の範囲
当社の国内グループ会社
当社の国内グループ会社のリストと所在地は
こちら
からご覧いただけます。
利用する者の利用目的
当社の国内グループ会社は以下の利用目的に従い、取得した個人情報を利用します。
製品の販売およびサービスの提供
イベント、セミナー、キャンペーン、ご優待、アンケート、その他各種企画の案内およびそれら企画の実施
ご提供いただいた登録情報（居住地域、生年月、職業を含む）、ご意見・お問い合わせの内容と履歴、製品の機器識別子、製品の利用履歴（アプリの利用履歴を含む）およびサービスの利用履歴（ウェブサイトなどの視聴履歴、購入履歴、アプリの利用履歴および弊社とのコミュニケーションの履歴（メールの開封やメール本文に記載されたURLのクリックの履歴など）を含む）を分析し、製品・サービスに関する広告宣伝の実施（広告配信等のデジタルマーケティングを含む）
製品・サービスのご購入時のアドバイスおよび関連商品・関連サービスの提案
製品保証、修理等の製品・サービスに関するアフターサポートの提供（第三者からの受託業務を含む）
BANDAI NAMCO IDやソーシャルメディアを介して入手した個人認証に利用したサービスの提供
今後の製品・サービスの開発ならびに製品・サービスおよびそれらの営業活動の改良・改善の参考
潜在的な情報セキュリティ上の脅威を特定し、かかる脅威からお客様および弊社を保護する目的で、弊社が必要と判断した場合の分析および情報セキュリティ対策の実施
クレジットカードその他決済手段の第三者による不正使用の脅威を特定し、かかる脅威からお客様および弊社を保護する目的で、弊社が必要と判断した場合の分析および対策の実施
取引先、業務委託先等のステイクホルダーの方への代表者の変更、本店所在地の変更等に関する連絡および資料の送付
統計資料の作成
お客様が当社のオンラインお問い合わせフォームまたはその他の方法で当社に連絡された際に、そのお問い合わせに対応し、ご要望にお応えするため
当該個人データの管理について責任を有する者
当社
及び
株式会社BANDAI SPIRITS
懸賞、コンテスト、その他これに類するプロモーションの第三者スポンサーに対して開示する場合があります。
商品・サービスの改善に際して、個人情報を分析するため第三者に開示する場合はあります。
本サービスの利用を通じて、お客様がご自分の個人情報開示を行う場合があります。
メッセージボード、チャット、プロフィールページ、ブログ、およびお客様が情報やコンテンツを投稿できるその他のサービス（当社のソーシャルメディアページを含みますが、これに限定されません。）を通じて投稿または開示された情報は公開され、他のユーザーや一般の方が利用できる可能性があることに注意してください。
お客様のソーシャルシェアリングを通じて、お客様が本サービスのアカウントをお客様のソーシャルメディアアカウントに接続すると、お客様は、お客様のソーシャルメディアアカウントに関連付けられた友人、他のユーザー、およびお客様のソーシャルメディアアカウントのプロバイダーと情報を共有することになります。これにより、お客様は、当社がこの情報共有を促進することを承認し、共有された情報の使用は、ソーシャルメディアプロバイダーのプライバシーポリシーによって管理されることを理解しているものとします。
4-2 個人情報の上記以外の開示先
当社は、必要に応じて、または適切に、法的義務や法令上許容される場合には、お客様の個人情報を開示します。
適用される法律や規制を遵守するため
これには、お客様の居住国以外の国の法律が含まれる場合があります。
公的機関や政府機関に協力するため
要求に応じるため、または当社が必要または適切と考える情報を提供するため。これには、あなたの居住国以外の政府機関が含まれる場合があります。
法執行機関に協力するため
例えば、法執行機関の要請や命令に対応したり、重要だと思われる情報を提供したりする場合です。
その他の法的理由のため
当社の利用規約を執行するため。当社の権利、プライバシー、安全性、財産、または当社の関連会社、お客様または他の人の権利を保護するため。
売却または事業取引のため
当社は、当社の事業、資産、または株式の全部または一部の再編、合併、売却、合弁事業、移転、またはその他の処分（破産または類似の手続きに関連するものを含む）が行われた場合に、お客様の個人情報を引き継ぎ先の事業会社や破産管財人等へ開示することがあります。
5.その他の情報
「その他の情報」とは、お客様の特定の個人を明らかにしない、または個人を特定することができない情報のことです。本サービスは、以下のようなその他の情報を取得します。
ブラウザおよびデバイス情報
アプリ利用データ
クッキー、ピクセルタグ等の技術を利用して取得した情報
あなたの特定の個人を明らかにしない人口統計情報その他の情報
特定の個人を特定できないように集計された情報
5-1 「その他の情報」の取得
当社および当社のサービス提供者は、以下を含む様々な方法でその他の情報を取得することがあります。
お客様のブラウザまたはデバイス
お客様のメディアアクセスコントロール（MAC）アドレス、コンピュータの種類（WindowsまたはMac）、画面解像度、オペレーティングシステム名とバージョン、デバイスの製造元とモデル、言語、インターネットブラウザの種類とバージョン、お客様が使用しているサービス（アプリなど）の名前とバージョンなど、特定の情報は、ほとんどのブラウザによって、またはお客様のデバイスを介して自動的に取得されます。 当社は、本サービスが適切に機能するように、これらの情報を使用します。
お客様による本アプリの使用
お客様が本アプリをダウンロードして使用すると、当社およびサービス提供者は、お客様のデバイス上の本アプリが当社のサーバーにアクセスした日時や、お客様のデバイス番号に基づいて本アプリにダウンロードされた情報やファイルの種類など、本アプリの使用状況データを追跡して取得することがあります。
クッキー
クッキーとは、お客様が使用しているコンピュータに直接保存される情報です。 クッキーを利用することで、ブラウザの種類、本サービスでの利用時間、訪問したページ、言語の好み、その他のトラフィックデータなどの情報を取得することができます。 当社およびサービス提供者は、セキュリティ目的、ナビゲーションを容易にするため、情報をより効果的に表示するため、およびお客様の体験をパーソナライズするためにこれらの情報を使用します。また、サービスのデザインや機能を継続的に改善し、サービスの利用状況を把握し、サービスに関する疑問の解決に役立てるために、サービスの利用に関する統計情報を取得しています。クッキーを使用することで、お客様が本サービスを利用している間に、当社の広告や提案の中からお客様の興味を引く可能性の高いものを選択し、それらを表示することができます。 また、当社は、当社の広告への反応を追跡するために、オンライン広告でクッキーまたは他の技術を使用することがあります。 当社は現在、ブラウザのdo-not-trackシグナルには対応していません。 クッキーの使用による情報取得を望まない場合、ほとんどのブラウザでは、クッキーを自動的に拒否するか、特定のウェブサイトからの特定のクッキー（またはクッキー）を拒否するか受け入れるかを選択できるようになっています。 また、
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html
を参照することをお勧めします。ただし、クッキーを受け入れない場合は、本サービスのご利用に何らかの不都合が生じる可能性があります。 また、お客様の興味やニーズに関連した当社からの広告やその他のオファーを受け取ることができない場合があります。
ピクセルタグとその他の類似技術
ピクセルタグ（ウェブビーコンやクリアGIFとしても知られています）は、特に、本サービスのユーザー（メール受信者を含む）の行動の追跡、当社のマーケティングキャンペーンの成功率の測定、および本サービスの利用状況と反応率に関する統計をまとめるために使用されることがあります。
分析
当社は、クッキーや類似の技術を使用して、本サービスの利用に関する情報を取得・分析し、活動や傾向を報告する Google Analytics を使用しています。また、このサービスは、他のウェブサイト、アプリ、オンライン リソースの利用に関する情報を取得することがあります。 お客様は、
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
にアクセスして Google のやり方についてご確認の上、
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
で入手可能な Google Analytics のオプトアウト ブラウザ アドオンをダウンロードすることで、Google が提供するオプトアウトを行使することができます。
Adobe Flash技術（Flash Local Shared Objects（以下「Flash LSO」といいます）を含む）およびその他の同様の技術
当社は、Flash LSOおよびその他の技術を使用して、お客様の本サービスの利用に関する情報を取得および保存することがあります。 あなたのコンピュータに保存されたFlash LSOを望まない場合は、ウェブサイトのストレージ設定パネルに含まれるツールを使用してFlash LSOのストレージをブロックするためにあなたのFlashプレーヤーの設定を調整することができます。 また、グローバルストレージ設定パネルに移動して指示に従うこともできます（例えば、既存のFlash LSO（「情報」と呼ばれています）を削除する方法、あなたに聞かれなくてもあなたのコンピュータにFlash LSOが配置されないようにする方法、その時点であなたが見ているページの運営者によって配信されていないFlash LSOをブロックする方法などが説明されている場合があります）。 Flash PlayerでFlash LSOの受け入れを制限・制限する設定にすると、一部のFlashアプリケーションの機能が低下・障害される場合がありますので、ご注意ください。
物理的な位置
当社は、衛星、携帯電話の電波塔、またはWiFi信号などを使用して、お客様のデバイスの物理的な位置情報を取得することがあります。当社のアプリは、フォアグラウンドまたはバックグラウンドで実行されているときにデバイスの位置情報を取得することがあります。当社は、お客様のデバイスの物理的な位置情報を使用して、お客様にパーソナライズされた位置情報ベースのサービスおよびコンテンツを提供することがあります。当社はまた、お客様が閲覧した広告および当社が取得したその他の情報と組み合わせて、お客様のデバイスの物理的な位置情報を、当社のマーケティングパートナーと共有し、マーケティングパートナーがよりパーソナライズされたコンテンツを提供したり、広告キャンペーンの効果を調査したりできるようにすることがあります。場合によっては、お客様は、そのような使用またはお客様のデバイスの位置情報の共有を許可または拒否することができる場合があります。しかし、そのような場合、当社または当社のマーケティングパートナーは、お客様に該当するパーソナライズされたサービスおよびコンテンツを提供できない場合があります。
5-2 「その他の情報」の個人情報としての利用について
適用法の下で「その他の情報」を個人情報として扱うことが求められた場合、当社は、個人情報として本ポリシーに従って取り扱います。
当社は、当社と契約している広告サイトのバナー等をご利用の上で当社のサービスをご利用された場合に、当社と契約している広告サイトへの支払いをするため、お客様の当該広告サイトへの訪問履歴をお客様の個人データとして利用します。
6.セキュリティ
当社は、当社の組織内で個人情報を保護するために、合理的な組織的、技術的、人的、物理的安全措置を講じていますが、当社のセキュリティに問題があると信じるに足る理由がある場合は、
「15.お問い合わせ」
をご確認の上、直ちに当社にご連絡をお願いします。
7.個人情報の使用および開示に関するお客様の選択
当社は、マーケティング関連の電子メールの受信拒否など、お客様に選択肢を提供しています。詳細はご利用のサービスでの案内をご覧下さい。不明の場合は、ご利用のサービスのお問い合わせフォーム又は
ppolicy@bandai.co.jp
ppolicy@bandai.co.jp
へご連絡下さい。
当社は、お客様のご要望に合理的に可能な限り速やかに対応するよう努めます。 お客様が当社からのマーケティング関連のメールの受信を拒否された場合でも、重要な管理上のメッセージを送信することがありますが、これは拒否できませんのでご注意ください。
8.ご自身の個人情報へのアクセス、変更、削除の方法について
個人情報へのアクセス、訂正、更新、抑制、制限、削除、個人情報の処理への異議申し立てやオプトアウトを希望される場合、または他社への送信を目的とした個人情報のコピーの受け取りを希望される場合（これらの権利が適用法により提供されている範囲内で）は、
「15.お問い合わせ」
に従って当社に連絡することができます。 当社は、お客様のご要望に応じて、適用法に沿った対応をさせていただきます。
ご要望の際には、変更を希望される個人情報の内容、または当社のデータベースからの個人情報の削除を希望されるかどうかをお伝えください。 お客様の保護のため、当社は、お客様の要求を送信するために使用した特定の電子メールアドレスに関連付けられた個人情報に関する要求のみを実施することがあり、要求を実施する前にお客様の身元を確認する必要がある場合があります。 当社は、合理的に可能な限り速やかにお客様の要求に従うよう努めます。
変更または削除を要求する前にお客様が開始した取引を完了させるために、記録保持の目的で特定の情報を保持する必要がある場合があることにご注意ください（例えば、お客様が購入または販売促進活動に参加した場合、そのような購入または販売促進活動が完了するまで、提供された個人情報を変更または削除できない場合があります）。
バンダイナムコIDに登録された個人情報の変更・退会は
こちら
から行うことができます。
プレミアムバンダイに登録された個人情報の変更・退会はプレミアムバンダイのマイページから行うことができます。
日本における個人情報へのアクセス、変更、削除の方法については、
18. 日本に関する追加情報（保有個人データ等の開示等の請求）
をご覧下さい。
9.保管期間
当社は、個人情報を、取得目的に照らして必要な期間、または許可された期間、適用される法律と一致した期間、保持します。
10.第三者によるサービス
本プライバシーポリシーは、本サービスのリンク先のウェブサイトまたはサービスを運営する第三者を含む第三者のプライバシー、情報、またはその他の慣行に対処するものではなく、当社は一切の責任を負いません。 本サービスにリンクが含まれていても、当社または当社の関連会社がリンク先のサイトやサービスを推奨していることを意味するものではありません。
さらに、当社は、Facebook、Apple、Google、Microsoft、RIM、またはその他のアプリ開発者、アプリ提供者、ソーシャルメディアプラットフォーム提供者、オペレーティングシステム提供者、ワイヤレスサービス提供者、デバイス製造者などの他の組織の情報取得、使用、開示、またはセキュリティポリシーや慣行（アプリまたは当社のソーシャルメディアページを通じて、または当社のソーシャルメディアページに関連して、お客様が他の組織に開示した個人情報を含む）について責任を負いません。
11.第三者による広告
当社は、第三者の広告会社を利用して、お客様が本サービスおよび他のウェブサイトやオンラインサービスにアクセスして使用する際に、お客様が興味を持つ可能性のある商品やサービスに関する広告を提供しています。
お客様は、お客様のデバイス上の本サービス、その他のウェブサイトまたはオンラインサービスへのアクセスおよび使用に関連する情報、ならびに第三者から受信した情報に基づいて広告を受け取る可能性があります。 これらの企業は、お客様のブラウザ上に固有のクッキーを配置または認識します（ピクセルタグの使用を含む）。 また、これらの技術を、お客様のオンライン利用について取得した情報とともに使用し、携帯電話やラップトップなど、お客様が使用しているデバイス全体でお客様を認識します。 この慣行についての詳細、およびこのプライバシーポリシーにアクセスしている特定のデバイス上のデスクトップおよびモバイルブラウザでこの慣行をオプトアウトする方法については、
http://optout.aboutads.info/#/
および
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#/
をご覧ください。 モバイルアプリでオプトアウトするには、
www.aboutads.info/appchoices
の AppChoices アプリをダウンロードすることができます。
12.センシティブ情報
当社が要求しない限り、当社に本サービスを通じてセンシティブな情報を送信しないようにお願いします。（例えば、社会保障番号、人種や民族の出身、政治的意見、宗教やその他の信念・信条、健康（病歴、心身機能の障害、健康診断等の結果、健康診断等の結果に基づく指導や診療・調剤が行われたことを含む）、バイオメトリクスや遺伝的特性、犯罪歴（逮捕・捜索・差押え・勾留・公訴提起その他の刑事事件に関する経歴、少年保護事件に関する手続きが行われたことも含む）、労働組合のメンバーシップに関連する情報、社会的身分、犯罪により害を被った事実）
13.第三者支払いサービス
当社は、本サービスを通じて行われた支払いを処理するために第三者の決済サービスを使用することがあります。お客様が本サービスを通じて支払いを行う場合、お客様の個人情報は、当社ではなく、そのような第三者によって取得され、本プライバシーポリシーではなく、第三者のプライバシーポリシーに従うことになります。 当社は、このような第三者によるお客様の個人情報の取得、使用、および開示を管理しておらず、責任を負いません。
14.本プライバシーポリシーの更新について
本プライバシーポリシーの上部にある「最終更新日」は、本プライバシーポリシーの最終的改訂版の有効日を示しています。 変更は、改訂されたプライバシーポリシーを本サービスに掲載した時点で有効となります。
15.お問い合わせ
株式会社バンダイ
は、本プライバシーポリシーに基づくお客様の個人情報の取得、使用、および開示に責任を負います。
本プライバシーポリシーについてご質問がある場合、又は当社による個人情報の取扱いについて苦情がある場合は、
ppolicy@bandai.co.jp
ppolicy@bandai.co.jp
までご連絡ください。
メールでのやり取りは常に安全とは限らないため、当社へのメールにはクレジットカードなどの機密情報を記載しないようにしてください。
16.EEAおよび英国に関する追加情報
EEAおよび英国域内に居住の方は、
こちら
のプライバシーポリシーが適用されます。
17.アメリカ合衆国カリフォルニア州に関する追加情報
アメリカ合衆国カリフォルニア州に居住の方は、
こちら
のプライバシーポリシーが適用されます。
18.日本に関する追加情報（保有個人データ等の開示等の請求）
日本における保有個人データ等の開示等の請求は、以下の書類を同封の上、
〒111-0043　東京都台東区駒形1-4-8　株式会社バンダイ　個人情報対外窓口宛
にご郵送ください。
保有個人データ等に関する請求書
ご本人確認書類
運転免許証・パスポート・健康保険証の写し(本籍地や診療記録等が記載されている場合は本籍地や診療記録等の事項を除いてコピーしてください) のいずれか1通
戸籍個人事項証明（戸籍抄本）の写し（法定代理人の方が請求される場合のみ）（請求される法定代理人と本人の方のみの身分事項のみ。本籍地の記載は不要です。請求される法定代理人と本人の方以外の記載や本籍地の記載を除いた戸籍全部事項証明（戸籍謄本）のコピーでも構いません）
委任状（任意代理人の方が請求される場合のみ）
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.bandai.co.jp/e/privacypolicy/:
JavaScriptの設定を有効にしてください。
About Us
About Us
Presidents' Message
Three-Minute Introduction
Company Profile
Mid-Term Plan
Strengths & Strategies
Our Business
Our Business Top
Business Introduction
Sustainability
Sustainability Top
Reducing CO2 emissions
Providing safe and secure products and services
Providing educational and experiential value for children who will shape the future
Toward sustainable manufacturing
Sustainability activities through plastic models
TOP
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Published: April 1, 2021
Last updated: Feburary 14, 2024
We, BANDAI CO., LTD. respect your privacy. This privacy policy describes how we process Personal Data about you that we collect through the following ways:
Our website(s) where this privacy policy is published (“Website”);
Our software application(s) that we provide or is provided through a computer or mobile device (“App”);
Our social media pages where we include a link to this privacy policy (collectively “Social Media Page”);
HTML-formatted emails sent by us to you that link to this privacy policy or other communications with you; and
Our offline business interactions with you.
We call our Website, App, Social Media Page, emails and offline business interactions collectively the “Services.”
We process your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union (the “GDPR”), and the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (the “CCPA”).
1.WHAT CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
“Personal Data” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. The Services collect the following categories of Personal Data. The categories of Personal Data that we collect are different according to each Service, and each Service does not always collect all the categories of Personal Data below.
Name, including nickname and username on social media
Postal address, including billing address and shipping address
Phone number
Email address
Gender
Date of birth
User ID, including Bandai Namco ID, social media account ID
Password to log in
Inquiry and information necessary to respond to the inquiry
Your posted video or image
IP address, with which we may identify your approximate location
Login authentication history
History of use of our Services
2.HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We collect your Personal Data in different ways including:
・Through the Services
We collect your Personal Data through the Services, for example, when you sign up for a newsletter, register an account to access the Services, participate in our event, contact our customer service and place an order.
・Through Other Sources
- We receive your Personal Data from other sources, for example, X(formerly Twitter), when we run a campaign on X(formerly Twitter).
- When you connect your social media account to your Services accounts, you will share certain Personal Data from your social media account to us, for example, your name, email address, photo, list of social media contacts, and any other information that may become accessible or you make accessible to us when you connect your social media account to your Services accounts. We refer to this as “Social Sharing.”
We need to collect your Personal Data in order to provide you with the requested Services. If you do not provide the data we request for, we may not be able to provide the Services. When you disclose Personal Data about a person other than you to us or our service providers in connection with the Services, you represent you have the authority to do so and permit us to use the Personal Data in accordance with this privacy policy.
3.PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATE
We and our service providers process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
・To provide the functionality of the Services and respond to your request
- Provide the functionality of the Services, including setting access to the registered account and providing related services to you.
- Respond to your inquiry and request when you contact us by our online contact form or other measures, for example, sending us an inquiry, proposal, or complaint.
- Complete your transaction, verify your data, and provide related services.
- Notify you of administrative information including changes to our terms and conditions and policies.
・To provide our newsletters and other marketing materials to you and facilitate Social Sharing
- Send marketing emails that contain information about our Services and new products, and other news regarding us.
- Facilitate the Social Sharing function that you choose to use.
・To analyze Personal Data for business reporting and personalized advertising
- Generate reports that aggregate and analyze trends of use of our digital contents and improve our Services by analyzing and predicting users’ preferences.
- Having better understanding of your interests and preferences, personalize our interactions with you and provide information and/or offers tailored to your interests.
- Having better understanding of your preferences, provide you through the Services with the contents that seem to be relevant and interesting to you.
・To permit you to participate in prize competitions, contests, and other sales promotion activities
- Decide whether you are qualified to join our promotion, ship a prize, and conduct other campaigns. We may establish additional rules regarding how we use and disclose your Personal Data for such promotions. Please check such additional rules before you choose to join our promotions.
・To aggregate Personal Data for our use
- We may aggregate Personal Data so that we no longer need to treat the data as Personal Data. You or other individuals cannot be identified by this process, and we use such aggregated data for our business purposes and generate non-personal data that we may disclose.
・To achieve our business purposes
More specifically,
- Improve the efficiency of our Services and sales promotion campaigns.
- Comply with legal, regulatory, or contractual requirements.
- Prevent unlawful activities and carry out security monitoring, including detecting and preventing cyberattacks or attempts of identity theft.
- Develop new products and services.
- Enhance, improve, repair, maintain, or modify our existing products and services, as well as undertake quality and safety assurance measures with you, to comply with a legal obligation, and/or based on our legitimate interest.
4.DISCLOSURE – To Whom We Disclose Your Personal Data
4.1.We disclose Personal Data:
・To our affiliates
We may disclose your Personal Data to our affiliates for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, we use Bandai Namco ID in certain Services, and Personal Data registered to Bandai Namco ID is disclosed to our affiliates in Japan. You can see the Services that use Bandai Namco ID here:
https://www.bandainamco.co.jp/en/about/grouplink.html.
Bandai Namco ID is a service managed by Bandai Namco Entertainment Inc.
We jointly use your personal data to the extent below.
Categories of Jointly Used Personal Data
Name, postal address, phone number, email address and IP address of a person who contacts our customer service center
Record of inquiries and our response
Other necessary information to manage inquiry response
Scope of Joint Users
BANDAI CO., LTD.
BANDAI SPIRITS CO., LTD.
Purpose for Joint Use
Respond to your inquiry and request when you contact us by our online contact form or other measures, for example, sending us an inquiry, proposal, or complaint.
Entity Responsible for Joint Use
BANDAI CO., LTD.
BANDAI SPIRITS CO., LTD.
For the purpose of this joint use, we and BANDAI SPIRITS CO., LTD. are joint controllers.
・To third party sponsors of prize competitions, contests, and other similar promotions. By using the Services, you may disclose your Personal Data by yourself.
Please note posts or information disclosed on message boards, chat, profile pages, blogs, and other services where you are able to post information or contents (including, but not limited to, our Social Media Pages) may become public and available to other uses and the general public.
If you connect your accounts of the Services to your social media accounts through Social Sharing, you share information with your friends who are related to your social media accounts, other users and providers of your social media accounts. We understand you permit us to facilitate the information sharing and use of the shared information is managed based on the privacy policy of the providers of the social media.
4.2.Disclosure to Other Recipients Than Those Listed Above
We also disclose your Personal Data as necessary or appropriate when it is legally required or permitted to do so as below:
・To comply with applicable law and regulations
Such laws may include those of a country other than your country of residence.
・To cooperate with public and government authorities
We may disclose your Personal Data to such authorities to respond to orders or provide information that we believe is necessary or appropriate. These authorities may include those of a country other than your country of residence.
・To cooperate with law enforcement authorities
We may also disclose your Personal Data, for example, when we respond to law enforcement authorities' requests and orders or provide information that we believe is important.
・For other legal reasons
We may also disclose your Personal Data if necessary to enforce our terms and conditions and to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
・In connection with a sale or business transaction
We may also disclose your Personal Data to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including procedures in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
5.OTHER DATA
We may also collect the followings categories of data in addition to those listed in section 1 above.
Browser and device information
App usage data
Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies
Demographic information and other information that does not reveal your specific identity
Information that has been aggregated in a manner that it no longer reveals your specific identity
5.1.Collection of Other Data
We and our service providers may collect your other data in different ways including:
・Your browser or device
Certain data are collected via most browsers or automatically through your devices, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Mac), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, Internet browser type and version and the name and version of the Services (such as the App) you are using. We use these data to ensure that the Services function properly.
・Your Use of Our Apps
If you download and use the Apps, we and our service providers may track and collect the usage of the Apps including the date the Apps on your device access our servers and the data and types of files that are downloaded to the Apps based on your device number.
・Cookies
Cookies are pieces of data that is stored directly on the computer that you are using. Cookies allow us to collect data such as browser type, time spent on the Services, pages visited, language preferences, and other traffic data. We and our service providers use the data for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience. We also gather statistical information about use of the Services to continually improve the design and functionality, understand how they are used, and resolve issues regarding the Services. Cookies enables us to display what is likely to attract your interest among our advertisements and proposals while you are using the Services. We also use cookies or other technologies in online advertising to track responses to our advertisements. We currently do not support internet browsers' do-not-track signals. If you do not like your data to be collected by using cookies, most browsers allow you to choose to decline cookies automatically or accept or decline certain cookies from certain websites. For more information and to change your cookie settings, including withdrawal of your consent, visit our
Cookie Preference Center.
However, if you do not accept cookies, there may be some inconvenience in using the Services, and you may not be able to receive our advertising or other offers that relate to your interests or needs.
・Pixel Tags and Similar Technologies
We may use pixel tags (also known as web beacons or clear GIFs) to track the behavior of users of the Services (including email recipients), measure the conversion rate of our marketing campaigns, and compile statistics about the use and response rates of the Services.
・Analytic Technologies
We use Google Analytics, which collect and analyze data about the use of the Services and generate reports about activities and trends, based on cookies and similar technologies. This service may also obtain data about your use of other websites, apps and online resources. You may visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
to learn about Google's practices and exercise the opt-out of Google Analytics by downloading a browser add-on available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
・Adobe Flash Technologies
We may use Flash LSOs and other technologies to obtain and store data about your use of the Services. If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you may change your Flash player settings to block the storage of Flash LSOs by using the tools contained in websites’ storage settings panel. You can also go to the global storage settings panel and follow the instructions (for example, how to remove an existing Flash LSO, which is called “information”, how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without you asking, and how to block Flash LSOs that have not been delivered by the operator of the webpage you are viewing may be explained). Please note that if you restrict acceptance of Flash LSOs, the functionality of some Flash applications may degrade or be interfered.
・Physical Location
We may obtain the physical location of your devices by using satellites, cell towers, or WiFi signals. Our Apps may obtain device location while running in the foreground or background. We may use the physical location of your device and provide you with personalized location-based services and content. We may also share the physical location of your device, combined with the advertisements you have viewed and other information we have obtained, with our marketing partners so that they can provide you with more personalized content and study the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. In some cases, you may be able to allow or deny such use or sharing of your device’s location information. However, in such cases, we or our marketing partners may not be able to provide you with personalized services and content.
5.2.Collection of Other Data
If it is required to treat the data listed in this section as Personal Data under applicable data protection laws, we process the data as Personal Data in accordance with this privacy policy.
If you use the Services via banners or other advertisements on advertising websites that we contract with, we use your visit history of the advertising websites to make payment to the websites.
6.SECURITY
We take reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect your Personal Data. If you have a reason to believe that there is a problem with our security, please immediately contact us in accordance with section 15 below.
7.YOUR CHOICE OVER OUR USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We provide you with options such as to refuse marketing purpose emails. Please refer to the instructions in the Services that you are using. If you have questions, please use inquiry forms of the Services or contact us at
ppolicy@bandai.co.jp
.
We will try to comply with your requests as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt out of receiving marketing related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt out.
8.YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
If you would like to request to access, correct, update, restrict, limit or delete Personal Data, object to or opt out of the processing of Personal Data, or if you would like to receive a copy of your Personal Data to transmit them to another company (to the extent these rights are provided to you by applicable law), you may contact us according to section 15 below. We will respond to your request in accordance with applicable law.
In your request, please specify what Personal Data you would like us to change or whether you would like us to delete your Personal Data from our database. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Data associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we may need to retain certain data for recordkeeping purposes or completing any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion. For example, when you make a purchase or join a sales promotion campaign, you may not be able to change or delete the Personal Data provided by you until such purchase or sales promotion is completed.
You can change Personal Data registered to Bandai Namco ID or delete your Bandai Namco ID at
https://www.bandainamcoid.com/portal/help?client_id=&backto=&open=13#.
You can change Personal Data registered to Premium Bandai or delete your Premium Bandai account at Premium Bandai my page.
9.RETENTION
We retain your Personal Data for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purposes for which they were obtained and consistent with applicable laws.
10.SERVICES BY THIRD PARTIES
This privacy policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which the Services link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
In addition, we are not responsible for the data collection, use, disclosure, security policies or security practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM, or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer including with respect to any Personal Data you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with our Apps or Social Media Pages, unless those organizations act in accordance with our instruction or contractual relationship with us.
11.ADVERTISING BY THIRD PARTIES
We use third party advertising companies to provide advertisements about products and services that may attract your interests when you access and use the Services and other websites and online services.
You may receive advertising based on the information related to your access to and use of the Services, other websites or online services on your device, and the information we receive from third parties. These advertising companies place or recognize unique cookies on your browser (including using pixel tags). We also use these technologies, along with the information we obtain about your online usage, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as your mobile phone and laptop computer. For more information about this practice and how to opt out of it for desktop and mobile browsers on specific devices accessing this privacy policy, please visit
http://optout.aboutads.info/#/
or
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#/
. To opt out on the mobile app, you can download the AppChoices app at
www.aboutads.info/appchoices
.
12.SENSITIVE DATA
Unless we request it, we ask you not to send us any sensitive Personal Data through the Services. Sensitive Personal Data includes, but not limited to, social security numbers, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal record including criminal proceedings, or trade union membership.
13.THIRD PARTY PAYMENT SERVICE
We may use third party payment services to process payments made through the Services. If you make a payment through such a payment service, your Personal Data will be obtained by such a third party, not by us, and will be subject to the third party's privacy policy, not this privacy policy. We do not control and are not responsible for the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data by such third parties.
14.UPDATING OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The “Last Updated” at the top of this privacy policy indicates when this privacy policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised privacy policy on the websites of the Services.
15.INQUIRY
BANDAI CO., LTD. is responsible for collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data based on this privacy policy.
If you have any questions or complaints about our processing of Personal Data, please contact:
Privacy Manager
ppolicy@bandai.co.jp
Data Protection Officer
bnhd-dpo-office@iij.ad.jp
BANDAI CO., LTD.
16.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR OUR VISITORS FROM EEA AND UK
This section supplements our privacy policy and explains how we process and protect Personal Data of residents of EEA and UK.
I.RESPONSIBLE CONTROLLER
BANDAI CO., LTD., a company registered in Tokyo, Japan, is the data controller and responsible for protecting your rights regarding Personal Data.
II.LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We process your Personal Data for the purposes described in section 3 of this privacy policy above on the following lawful bases:
Purpose of Processing Your Data
Lawful Basis
(1) To provide the functionality of the Services and respond to your request
Legitimate interest of customers/prospect customers and us
(2) To provide our newsletters and other marketing materials to you and facilitate social sharing
Your consent
(3) To analyze Personal Data for business reporting and personalized advertising Your consent
Your consent
(4) To permit you to participate in prize competitions, contests, and other sales promotion activities
Legitimate interest of customers/prospect customers and us
(5) To aggregate Personal Data for our use
Our legitimate interest
(6) To achieve our business purposes Our legitimate interest
Our legitimate interest
Where the lawfulness of our processing your Personal Data is your consent, you can revoke at any time your consent with effect for the future.
III.COOKIES
As described in section 5.1 of this privacy policy, we use cookies for certain purposes. You can choose whether to allow us or third-parties (our advertising partners) to set performance cookies and advertising cookies on the computer you are using. When we use cookies for the purpose of personalizing our advertisement or analyzing web access, we request your prior consent thereto. For more information and to change your cookie settings, including withdrawal of your consent, visit our
Cookie Preference Center.
You can revoke at any time your consent with effect for the future.
We do not set and use cookies for the purpose of advertisement or web access analytics for our users under 16 years of age.
IV.CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFER
Where our disclosure of your personal data as described in section 4 of this privacy policy above constitutes cross-border transfer of personal data to a country without a decision by a relevant authority that the county ensures an adequate level of personal data protection, we take appropriate data protection measures as required by such applicable data protection laws. If you have any inquiry about such data protection measures, please contact us as described in section 15 of this privacy policy above.
V.COMPLAINT
You can lodge complaints about our way of processing your Personal Data with the data protection supervisory authorities of your country of residence.
17.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR OUR VISITORS FROM THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA
This section supplements our privacy policy and explains how we collect, use, disclose, sell, share, and protect personally identifiable information of California residents and any information related to it (“Personal Information”) and non-personal information.
I.NOTICE AT COLLECTION
i.CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect the following categories of your Personal Information:
Categories of Personal Information We Collect as Stipulated in CCPA 1798.140.(v)(1)
Sources
a. Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name or other similar identifiers.
You, our affiliates
b. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law (e.g., gender, age).
You
c. Commercial information, including records of products purchased, obtained or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
You, our affiliates
d. Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with our Websites, Apps, or advertisement.
You, our Websites/Apps/advertisement service providers, your device
e. Geolocation data.
You, your device
f. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information (e.g., recording of inquiry calls).
You
g. Inferences drawn from any of the above information to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences.
You, our affiliates, our data analytics providers
h. Sensitive Personal Information, which is Bandai Namco ID and account IDs of the Services in combination with the respective passwords to log in to the accounts
You, our affiliates
ii.BUSINESS OR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect and use your Personal Information listed in subsection i. above for the purposes described in section 3 of this privacy policy as below. Please see section 3 of this privacy policy above for the details of the purposes:
Purposes
Categories of Personal Information
(1) To provide the functionality of the Services and respond to your request
a, c, d, f, h
(2) To provide our newsletters and other marketing materials to you and facilitate social sharing
a, b, c, d, e, g
(3) To analyze Personal Data for business reporting and personalized advertising
a, c, d, e, g
(4) To permit you to participate in prize competitions, contests, and other sales promotion activities
a, d
(5) To aggregate Personal Data for our use
a, b, c, d, e, g
(6) To achieve our business purposes
a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h
iii.YOUR RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF SALE OR SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may “sell” or “share”, as defined in the CCPA, your Personal Information to/with third parties for the purposes (2) and (3) above. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Information to/with third parties. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Information through the
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
link or by submitting an opt-out request to us in accordance with subsection IV below.
iv.RETENTION
We retain your Personal Information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purposes for which it was obtained and consistent with applicable laws.
II.YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
i.RIGHT TO KNOW ABOUT PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED, DISCLOSED, SOLD OR SHARED
- The CCPA states that you have the right to request us to disclose what Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, sell and share.
- You can exercise your above-mentioned rights unless you have exercised the rights within the preceding 12 months. We endeavor to respond to you within 45 days of receiving a verifiable request from you. If you intend to exercise such rights, please refer to subsection IV below.
- We use your Personal Information (name, email address, Bandai Namco ID, and account ID of the Services) to verify your request. You may be asked to provide additional information so that we can verify your request.
- The categories of Personal Information we collected, business or commercial purpose, and sources within the preceding 12 months are as described in subsections I. i and I. ii above.
- The categories of Personal Information we have sold or shared to/with third parties, the business or commercial purposes for the sale or sharing, and the categories of such third parties are as follows:
Categories of Personal Information
Business or Commercial Purpose as Described in Section 5 of our Privacy Policy
Categories of Third Parties We Have Sold or Shared Personal Information
Identifiers such as an online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name or other similar identifiers.
Facilitate the social sharing function that you choose to use.
Social media platform providers
Identifiers such as an online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name or other similar identifiers.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not
Having better understanding of your interests and preferences, personalize our interactions with you and provide information and/or offers tailored to your interests.
Advertising technology partners
limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with our Websites, Apps, or advertisement.
Geolocation data.
- Disclosure, Sale or Sharing of Personal Information of Children
We do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share Personal Information about California consumers who we know are younger than 16 years old.
Under the CCPA, “sell” means disclosing by electronic or other means, a consumer's Personal Information to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration, and “share” means sharing by electronic or other means, a consumer's Personal Information with a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration.
ii.RIGHT TO REQUEST DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
- The CCPA states that you have the right to request us to delete your Personal Information collected by us.
- You can exercise your above-mentioned right with your account with us, unless you have exercised the rights within the preceding 12 months. We endeavor to respond to you within 45 days of receiving a verifiable request. If you intend to exercise such rights, please refer to subsection IV below.
- We use your information (name, email address, Bandai Namco ID, and account ID of the Services) to verify your request. You may be asked to provide additional information so that we can verify your request.
iii. RIGHT TO REQUEST CORRECTION OF INACCURATE PERSONAL INFORMATION
- The CCPA states you have the right to request us to correct inaccurate Personal Information about you.
- You can exercise your above-mentioned rights, unless you have exercised the rights within preceding 12 months. We endeavor to respond to you within 45 days of receiving a verifiable request. If you intend to exercise such rights, please refer to subsection IV below.
- We use your information (name, email address, Bandai Namco ID, and account ID of the Services) to verify your request.
iv.RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF THE SALE OR SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
- The CCPA states that you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Information by us.
- Under the CCPA, the activities, in which we disclose the information collected from cookies or email address to advertising agencies to manage our personalized advertising to those of you 16 years of age or older based on your preferences, may be considered a “sale” of personal information.
- Opt-out rights can be exercised by visiting our Cookie Policy or by going directly to our Cookie Settings page and deleting or preventing cookies from being used. You can also click on the “
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
” link at the bottom of every webpage.
v.RIGHT TO LIMIT THE USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
- We collect your Bandai Namco ID and account IDs of the Services in combination with passwords to log in to the accounts, which are sensitive Personal Information under the CCPA. We do not use or disclose the sensitive Personal Information for any purposes other than those authorized under the CCPA, including performing the services or providing the goods requested by you.
vi.RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION FOR THE EXERCISE OF A CONSUMER’S PRIVACY RIGHT
- The CCPA states that you have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.
III.AUTHORIZED AGENT
When you use an authorized agent to submit a request to know, a request to delete, or a request to correct inaccurate Personal information, we may require that you:
- Provide the authorized agent with written permission to do so and verify your own identity directly with us.
- Directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent with permission to submit the request.
We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit a proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your own behalf.
IV.CONTACT US
Please contact us by email if you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or the information we hold about you.
- Email address:
ppolicy@bandai.co.jp
- Data Protection Officer:
bnhd-dpo-office@iij.ad.jp
V.HOW OUR WEBSITE RESPOND TO OPT-OUT PREFERENCE SIGNALS
Some web browsers incorporate an Opt-out preference signal feature that sends signals to websites you visit that you want to opt out from the sale or share of your Personal Information. Our website responds to Opt-out preference signals. You can confirm your settings by going directly to our
Cookie Settings page
. You can also click on the “
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
” link at the bottom of every webpage.
VI.CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We do not collect and store Personal Information about children (in this provision, we define children as those who are under 13 years of age) if this information is submitted by a child without prior parental consent or by the parent or guardian of the child.
If we discover that we've unintentionally collected information from a child in a way that does not meet the requirements under the CCPA and other applicable laws, we will delete the information immediately.
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website, to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic.
We share information about your use of our website with our social media, advertising and analytics partners, who may combine it with other information that you have provided to them or that they have collected from your use of their services.
We do not set and use cookies for the purpose of improving your website experience or advertisement or social media features or web access analytics for our users under 16 years of age.
Please click “Reject All Cookies” if you are below the age of 16. Please click “Accept All Cookies” if you are 16 years of age or older, and accept all cookies. To customize your cookie settings, please click “Cookies Settings”.
Privacy Policy
Cookies Settings
Reject All Cookies
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
View Vendor Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label