HotSpot VPN Privacy Policy


        Modified: September 05, 2017


        Welcome, and thank you for your interest in Hotspot VPN’s Service.
        This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) is displayed (collectively, together with the Service granted, our “Service”).
        This Privacy Policy describes what information is collected by us from any user of our Service (collectively or
        individually "User(s)"), as well as our use and disclosure of that information.


        This Policy generally describes the information that we gather from you on the Service, the ways in which we use and
        disclose this information, and the steps we take to protect this information. By using the Service, you consent to
        the privacy practices described in this Policy.


        This Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Hotspot VPN Terms of Use.
        Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Policy have the meaning given to them in the Hotspot VPN Terms of
        Use.


        Our Commitment to User Privacy:


        Except as explained in this Policy, HotSpot VPN does not collect any Personal Information about you when you use the
        Service. “Personal Information,” also referred to as personally identifiable information, is information that may be
        tied to a specific individual. Examples of Personal Information include name, email address, mailing address, mobile
        phone number, and credit card or other billing information. Please note, however, that for purposes of this Privacy
        Policy, Hotspot VPN does not include your IP address or unique device identifier within the definition of Personal
        Information. Hotspot VPN’s practices regarding IP address and unique device identifiers are described separately in
        this Policy. If you purchase Hotspot VPN Subscription Service, you will be required to provide certain Personal
        Information to a third party Payment Processor (Such as Apple Payment Process). The Personal Information you provide
        in connection with your purchase of the Subscription Service of Hotspot VPN is not associated with your online
        activities when you use Hotspot VPN.


        Additionally, when you use the Service, Hotspot VPN will check your account information (which includes Personal
        Information) to determine the level of service you have signed up for before establishing your VPN connection. Your
        account information is not associated with your online activities when using Hotspot VPN.


        Our Commitment to Web Security:


        Hotspot VPN employs certain techniques and technologies intended to ensure the security of our systems. However,
        please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed
        by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please note that the Service does not protect
        your computer from viruses or malware. We recommend that you obtain and use anti-virus/anti-malware solutions and
        keep them up to date.


        The Information We May Collect:


        User-provided Information. In connection with the Service (such as in user forums or when registering for an
        account), you may provide us with various information, including Personal Information. You may also submit Personal
        Information in connection with purchasing Hotspot Subscription Service, which is collected through a company
        providing a payment mechanism (e.g., a payment processor, Apple’s iTunes, or a similar means of payment) (each, a
        “Payment Processor”) and is retained by the Payment Processor. You may also provide us with certain email account
        related information, such as account and credential information, which we use to enable faster sign-in by allowing
        pre-population of account log-in credentials when you access certain features of our Service. Your Personal
        Information is not associated with your online activities when you are using Hotspot VPN it does not require you to
        provide us with your Personal Information unless you decide to upgrade to Hotspot Subscription Service or to
        register for an account.

        "Automatically Collected" Information. When you use our Service, we may automatically record certain information
        from your web browser by using different types of proprietary technology (such as cookies), which may include your
        IP address or unique device ID. For example, we may collect your IP address when you commence your use of the
        Service; we do not, however, store logs associating your IP address with your online activities that take place when
        you are using of the Service. The automatically-collected information is used by Hotspot VPN only in the aggregate,
        in truncated form, or in order to generate a “hashed” or “virtual” IP Address. Hotspot VPN may use
        automatically-collected information to identify your general location, improve the Service, or optimize
        advertisements displayed through the Service.


        When Hotspot VPN Discloses Information:


        Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose information that we collect in connection with your use of
        the Service to third parties without your consent. Please remember that, although Hotspot VPN assigns a unique
        identifier to each user of the Service, Hotspot VPN does not tie your unique identifiers to Personal Information
        about you, and all browsing information or other similar information relating to your online activities transmitted
        by you to our servers when using Hotspot VPN is cleared after your VPN “session” is closed.


        We may disclose information to third parties if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following
        circumstances:


        Hotspot VPN may share anonymous or aggregated data with third parties, including its affiliates, advertisers, and
        other current and prospective business partners. Hotspot VPN may use anonymous or aggregated data collected for
        website administration, advertising, and promotional purposes, and may share such information with affiliated and
        unaffiliated entities.

        Hotspot VPN may provide Personal Information to third-party service providers who work for Hotspot VPN and who may
        contact you to notify you of occasional updates or other information relevant to our Service.

        Hotspot VPN may disclose automatically collected and other aggregate non-Personal Information with interested third
        parties to assist such parties in understanding the usage, viewing, and demographic patterns for certain programs,
        content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Service.

        Hotspot VPN may disclose any information, including Personal Information provided by you, if required to do so by
        law or in the good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to comply with state, federal, or international
        laws (such as export control, copyright or criminal laws), in response to a court order, judicial or other
        government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies.

        Hotspot VPN also reserves the right to disclose any information, including Personal Information provided by you,
        that we believe in our sole discretion is appropriate or necessary to (i) take precautions against liability, (ii)
        protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity, (iii) investigate and defend
        ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (iv) protect the security or integrity of the Service and
        any facilities or equipment used to make the Service available, or (v) protect our property or other legal rights
        (including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements), or the rights, property, or safety of others.

        Information about our users may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to a potential or actual acquirer, or
        successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as
        well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or
        more third parties as one of our business assets.

        Third-party Advertisers and Web Sites:


        Hotspot VPN allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within the
        Service. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the
        advertisements and links that appear on the Service. Any third parties, including advertisers, may automatically
        receive a virtual, proxy IP Address assigned to your device by Hotspot VPN when you are using HotspotVPN on
        protected sites. Your original IP address will not be permanently stored or provided to any third parties by your
        use of Hotspot VPN. As described in our Terms, however, we may not provide a virtual IP Address for every web site
        you may visit and third-party web sites may receive your original IP address when you are visiting those web sites.
        Third-party ad networks may also use other technologies (such as cookies, javascript, or web beacons) to measure the
        effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize their advertising content, and may collect information
        about your online activities over time and across different web sites when you use our Service. This may include
        rough geographical data, data relating to the frequency at which advertisements are shown, whether you are a unique
        viewer of an advertisement or user of a web site, the domain on which the advertisement was shown, whether the
        advertisement was in view on your screen and whether you engaged with or clicked on the advertisement. Advertisers
        may also be able to obtain data that you willingly submit after clicking on the advertisement or through the
        advertisement itself, and advertisers may be able to link certain information about your web-viewing habits while
        using the Service by cross-referencing existing cookies or other data about you.


        This Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of third parties, such as advertisers or other
        web sites visited by Users. Please note that this Policy will not apply to your activities or any information you
        disclose directly to any third party, while using any third-party products or services, or while otherwise
        interacting with third parties. How third parties handle and use Personal Information related to their sites and
        services is governed by their security, privacy and other policies, if any, and not this Policy. Hotspot VPN has no
        responsibility for any third party's policies, or any third party's compliance with them.

        Your California Privacy Rights:


        Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California customers are entitled to request information relating to
        whether a business has disclosed Personal Information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing
        purposes. California customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with this statute or who
        have questions more generally about our Policy and our privacy commitments to our customers should not hesitate to
        contact us at Privacy@VPNconfiguration.com.


        Changes and Updates to this Hotspot VPN Privacy Policy:


        Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Policy, which we may update from time to
        time. If we modify this Policy, we will make it available through the Service, and indicate the date of the latest
        revision. Your continued use of the Service after the revised Policy has become effective indicates that you have
        read, understood, and agreed to the current version of this Policy. In the event that the modifications materially
        alter your rights or obligations hereunder, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you in advance of the change
        (e.g., through prominent Policy on the Service, via contact information you may have provided to us, or through
        other reasonable means).