Download
Solutions
For Business
Make meetings better with automatic notes
For Sales
Close deals & onboard new customers faster
For Education
Help students and faculty succeed
For Media
Create compelling stories using detailed notes
Pricing
Apps & Integrations
Resources
Blog
See what we’ve been up to and thinking about
Press
The latest product and company news
Resources
Explore our content library
Careers
Come join our team
Help & Support
Need some help using Otter? Get the answers
Schedule a Demo
Log In
See a Demo
Start for Free
Menu
Close
Privacy Policy
Effective September 1, 2024
[See also
Terms of Service
]
This privacy policy (“
Policy
”) informs you of our practices when handling your Personal Information through the Services (both as defined below). In this Policy, “
Otter.ai
”, “
we
” or “
us
” refers to Otter.ai, Inc., a company registered in Delaware with its registered address located at 800 W El Camino Real, Suite 170, Mountain View, CA 94040. We are the data controller under the applicable privacy laws.
Where we have an Otter Business or enterprise service agreement in place with an enterprise customer who is asking you to use our Services (for example your employer), we obtain and process your Personal Information on behalf of and at the instructions of that customer. In that context, such enterprise customers are the data controllers and their privacy policies will apply to the processing of your Information. We encourage you to read their privacy policies.
For the purpose of this Policy, “
Personal
Information
” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. This includes Personal Information you provide or generate when you use: (a) Our Otter meeting assistant app (the “
App
”); and (b),
https://otter.ai
, and any other dedicated Otter.ai websites (the “
Website
”) (collectively, the “
Services
”). When you use the Services, you accept and understand that we collect, process, use, and store your Personal Information as described in this Policy.
If you are a California resident, our
Privacy Notice for California Residents
includes additional information about your rights and how we collect, use, and share information.
If you do not agree with this Policy, you must not use any of the Services. If you change your mind in the future you must stop using the Services and you may exercise your rights concerning your Personal Information as set out in this Policy.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We will collect and use the following Personal Information about you:
Information you provide to us
Registration Information
. When you create an account on our Services, you will be asked to provide your name, email, and a password, you may voluntarily add a profile picture. For Pro or Business plans which are paid Services, our payment processing partner Stripe, Inc. may also collect your name, billing address, and payment information. Payment information is not shared with us and is maintained by Stripe.
App Information
. When you use the Services, you may provide us with your audio recordings (“Audio Recordings”), automatic OtterPilot
TM
screenshots and any text, images or videos that you upload or provide to us in the context of the Services. OtterPilot may take automatic screenshots which are available meeting transcripts to add value to the meetings by extracting useful visual information. The automatic screenshots will only take place in virtual meetings.
Communication Information
. When you contact us, you provide us with your phone number, email, and any other information you choose to provide over such communication, including information about your query.
Information you provide us about others
If you choose to collaborate on a task with your co-workers or friends, or refer us to them, you provide us with the email address and contact information of your co-workers or friends.
If you provide an Audio Recording, this may contain the Personal Information of third parties. Before you do so, please make sure you have the necessary permissions from your co-workers, friends or other third parties before sharing Personal Information or referring them to us.
Information we automatically collect or is generated about you when use the Services
Usage Information
: When you use the Services, you generate information pertaining to your use, including timestamps, such as access, record, share, edit and delete events, app use information, screenshots/screen captures taken during the meeting, interactions with our team, and transaction records.
Device Information
: We assign a unique user identifier (“
UUID
”) to each mobile device that accesses the Services. When you use our Services, you provide information such as your IP address, UUIDs, device IDs, web beacons and other device information (such as carrier type, whether you access our Service from a desktop or mobile platform, device model, brand, web browser and operating system).
Cookies:
We use Cookies and other similar technologies (“
Cookies
”) to enhance your experience when using the Service. For more information about our Cookies policy, see
HOW WE USE COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES below.
‍
Location Information
:
When you use the Services, we receive your approximate location information. For example, we infer your approximate location by using your IP address.
Information received from third parties.
Information we receive from third party platforms
: When you connect third party platforms, apps or providers (such as Google Calendar, iCal or other calendar programs, Google Contacts or Zoom) to our Services, or when you register through a third party account (such as Google or Microsoft), we receive Personal Information that includes your username, profile picture, email address, time, location, calendar information, contact information from such third parties and any information you choose to upload to such third party platforms (“
Platform Information
”).
Information from platforms our Services relies on
: We receive transaction information from our payment processor Stripe.
Other third parties.
We may receive additional information about you, such as demographic or interest attributes from third parties such as data or marketing partners and combine it with other information we have about you.
We also collect, and use aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for our purposes. Aggregated data may be derived from your Personal Information but is not Personal Information as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your Personal Information so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we will treat the combined data as Personal Information which will be used in accordance with this Policy.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use your Personal Information to:
Set up your account.
We use your registration information, device information and information received from third parties (such as your username, email address) in order to set up an account for you to use our Services. We do so in accordance with our contractual and precontractual obligations to you in order to provide you with an account to use the Services.
Provide you with the Services
. We use your audio recordings, usage information and platform information in order to provide you with the Services. In addition, we use your communication information to facilitate support (e.g. retrieval of a forgotten password). We do so in accordance with our contractual obligations to you in order to provide you with the Services.
Improve and monitor the Services
.
We use information we automatically collect or generate about you when you use the Services, as well as information about your device such as device manufacturer, model and operating system, and the amount of free space on your device, to analyze the use of and improve our Services. We train our proprietary artificial intelligence technology on de-identified audio recordings. We also train our technology on transcriptions to provide more accurate services, which may contain Personal Information. We obtain explicit permission (e.g. when you rate the transcript quality and check the box to give Otter.ai and its third-party service provider(s) permission to access the conversation for training and product improvement purposes)  for manual review of specific audio recordings to further refine our model training data.
Communicate with you
.
If you contact us, we will use your contact information to communicate with you and, if applicable, your usage information to support your use of the Services.
Send you newsletters about product news or updates that may be of interest to you.
We will send you emails with news or updates pertaining to our Services. When doing so, we process your email address, name and may process your usage information. Your consent can be withdrawn at any time by following the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of each communication.
Prevent fraud, defend Otter.ai against legal claims or disputes, enforce our terms and to comply with our legal obligations.
It is in our legitimate interest to protect our interests by (1) monitoring the use of the Services to detect fraud or any other user behavior which prejudices the integrity of our Services, (2) taking steps to remedy aforementioned fraud and behavior, (3) defending ourselves against legal claims or disputes, and (4) enforcing our terms and policies. When doing so, we will process the Personal Information relevant in such a case, including information you provide us, information we automatically collect about you, and information which is provided to us by third parties.
3. HOW WE USE COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We and our third party partners use Cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies to collect information about your browsing activities and to distinguish you from other users of our Services in order to aid your experience and measure and improve our advertising effectiveness.
Cookies are small files of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or on your device. They contain information that is transferred to your device.
We use Cookies to collect information about your browsing activities and to distinguish you from other users of our Services in order to aid your experience.
We use the following types of Cookies and similar technologies:
Strictly necessary Cookies:
Some Cookies are strictly necessary to make our Services available to you; for example, to provide login functionality, user authentication and security. We cannot provide you with the Services without this type of Cookie.
Functional Cookies
: These are used to recognize you when you return to our Website. This enables us to personalize our content for you and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language).
Analytical, performance, or advertising Cookies:
We also use Cookies and similar technologies for analytics purposes in order to operate, maintain, and improve our Services and measure and improve our advertising effectiveness. We use third party analytics providers, including Google Analytics and Amplitude, to help us understand how users engage with us. We also use third party advertising partners, including Facebook, to deliver ads to you on other sites. Google Analytics uses first-party Cookies to track user interactions which helps show how users use our Service and Website. This information is used to compile reports and to help us improve our Service and Website. Such reports disclose Website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics by going to
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
or via Google’s Ads settings.
You can block Cookies by setting your internet browser to block some or all or Cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all Cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to use our Services.
4. WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Third party services are not owned or controlled by Otter.ai and third parties may have their own policies and practices for collection, use and sharing of information. Please refer to third party privacy and security policies for more information before using such services. Third parties include vendors and service providers we rely on the provision of the Services. We share your Personal Information with selected third parties, including:
Other users
who see your Personal Information (such as your username and email) and any other information you choose to share with them through the Services.
Cloud service providers
who we rely on for compute and data storage, including Amazon Web Services, based in the United States.
‍
Platform support providers
who help us manage and monitor the Services, including Amplitude, which is based in the U.S. and provides user event data for our Services.
Data labeling service providers
who provide annotation services and use the data we share to create training and evaluation data for Otter’s product features.
Artificial intelligence service providers
that provide backend support for certain Otter product features.
Mobile advertising tracking providers
who help us measure our advertising effectiveness, including AppsFlyer which is based in Israel.
‍
Analytics providers
who provide analytics, segmentation and mobile measurement services and help us understand our user base. We work with a number of analytics providers, including Google LLC, which is based in the U.S. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
, and opt-out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
‍
Advertising Partners
: We work with third party advertising partners to show you ads that we think may interest you. Some of our advertising partners are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (
http://optout.aboutads.info/
). If you do not wish to receive personalized ads, please visit their opt-out pages to learn about how you may opt out of receiving web-based personalized ads from member companies. You can access any settings offered by your mobile operating system to limit ad tracking, or you can install the AppChoices mobile app to learn more about how you may opt out of personalized ads in mobile apps.
‍
Providers of integrated third-party programs, apps or platforms
, such as Google Calendar and Apple iCal. When you connect third party platforms to our Services, you authorize us to share designated information and data created and/or uploaded by you to our servers with these third-party programs on your behalf.
‍
Payment processors
, such as Stripe. These payment processors are responsible for the processing of your Personal Information, and may use your Personal Information for their own purposes in accordance with their privacy policies. More information is available here:
https://stripe.com/gb/privacy
.
‍
Law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other judicial bodies and organizations.
We disclose Personal Information if we are legally required to do so, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to comply with a legal obligation, process or request; enforce our terms of service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof; detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection). For more information, please see
Otter's Data Request Policy
.
‍
Change of corporate ownership.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, reorganization, partnership, asset sale or other transaction, we may disclose your Personal Information as part of that transaction.
5. HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
Otter.ai stores all Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes set out in this Policy, or for as long as we are required to do so by law or in order to comply with a regulatory obligation. When deleting Personal Information, we will take measures to render such Personal Information irrecoverable or irreproducible, and the electronic files which contain Personal Information will be permanently deleted.
6. YOUR RIGHTS
In certain circumstances you have the following rights in relation to your Personal Information that we hold.
Access
. You have the right to access the Personal Information we hold about you, and to receive an explanation of how we use it and who we share it with.
Correction
. You have the right to correct any Personal Information we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Erasure
. You have the right to request for your Personal Information to be erased or deleted.
Object to processing
. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information where we are relying on a legitimate interest or if we are processing your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes.
Restrict processing
. You have a right in certain circumstances to stop us from processing your Personal Information other than for storage purposes.
Portability
. You have the right to receive, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, Personal Information that you have provided to us if we process it on the basis of our contract with you, or with your consent, or to request that we transfer such Personal Information to a third party.
Withdraw consent
. You have the right to withdraw any consent you previously applied to us. We will apply your preferences going forward, and this will not affect the lawfulness of processing before your consent was given.
Please note that, prior to any response to the exercise of such rights, we will require you to verify your identity. In addition, we may require additional information (for example, why you believe the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete) and may have valid legal reasons to refuse your request. We will inform you if that is the case. For more information on how to exercise your rights, or to exercise your rights, please email support@otter.ai.
If you are a California resident, California law affords you certain rights regarding our collection and use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, please visit our
Privacy Notice for California Residents
.
7. Data Privacy Framework Principles
Otter.ai complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework  (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Otter.ai has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with respect to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Otter.ai has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with respect to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF  Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework  program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
For more information on how we comply with the DPF Principles, please see
APPENDIX: Otter.ai Data Privacy Framework Principles Notice
.
8. CHILDREN
The Service and Website are not targeted at children, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you learn that a child has provided us with Personal Information in violation of this Policy, please contact us as indicated below.
9. CONTACT & COMPLAINTS
For inquiries or complaints regarding this Policy, please first contact us at support@otter.ai and we will endeavor to deal with your complaint as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with a data protection authority.
If you are based in the EEA or the UK, you may also make a complaint to either the Irish Data Protection Commission (on +353 578 684 800 or via
https://forms.dataprotection.ie/contact
) or the UK’s ICO (on +44 303 123 1113 or via
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
), or to the supervisory authority where you are located.
10. DATA SECURITY
Otter.ai maintains and implements physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of personal information. However, the transfer of Personal Information through the internet will carry its own inherent risks and we do not guarantee the security of your data transmitted through the internet. You make any such transfer at your own risk.
The Website and Service may provide features or links to websites and services provided by third parties. Any information you provide on Apps, third-party websites or services is provided directly to the operators of such websites or services and is subject to their policies governing privacy and security, even if accessed via our Website or in connection with our Service.
11. CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
To facilitate our global operations, Otter.ai may transfer, store and process your operations with our partners and service providers based outside of the country in which you are based. Laws in those countries may differ from the laws applicable to your country of residence. Where we transfer, store and process your Personal Information outside of the EEA or the UK we will ensure that the appropriate safeguards are in place to ensure an adequate level of protection such as through acceding to the Standard Contractual Clauses. Further details regarding the relevant safeguards can be obtained from us on request.
12. CHANGES
Where required, we will update this Policy from time to time. When we do so, we will make it available on this page and indicate the date of the latest revision. Please check this page frequently to see any updates or changes to this Policy.
13. ABOUT US
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us by email at support@otter.ai attn: Privacy Officer or by mail to:
Otter.ai, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Officer
800 W El Camino Real,
Suite 170,
Mountain View, CA 94040
APPENDIX
Otter.ai Data Privacy Framework Principles
Effective September 1, 2024
Otter.ai has created this Data Privacy Framework Principles Notice (“Notice”) to describe our standards and procedures for handling Personal Information in accordance with the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) Principles.
This Notice supplements our Policy. Unless specifically defined in this Notice, the terms in this Notice have the same meaning as in our Policy. In case of conflict between the Policy and this Notice, this Notice prevails. In case of conflict between this Notice and the Principles, the Principles will govern.
‍
How we obtain Personal Information
We obtain and Process Personal Information from the European Union (“
EU
”), United Kingdom (“
UK
”) (and Gibraltar), or Switzerland in different capacities:
As a data controller, we collect and Process EU, UK and Swiss Personal Information directly from individuals, either via our publicly available website
https://otter.ai
, or through our mobile applications, or in connection with our customer relationships.
Where we provide our Services in connection with an enterprise agreement, we may obtain and process EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Information on behalf of and at the instructions of our enterprise customers. In that context, such customers are the data controllers and we encourage you to read their privacy policies.
Otter.ai commits to subject to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (collectively, the “
DPF Principles
”), all Personal Information received from the EU, the UK (and Gibraltar), or Switzerland in reliance on the DPF Principles (which includes both types of activities).
Data Privacy Framework Principles
1. Notice.
Our Policy in combination with this Notice describes our privacy practices. When providing our Services as a Data Processor, our customers determine the categories of Personal Information we Process and the purposes of the processing. Accordingly, our customers are responsible for providing notice to individuals. Please see our customers’ privacy policies for more information.
2. Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation.
Any Personal Information we receive may be processed by Otter.ai for the purposes indicated in our Policy or as otherwise notified to you. We will not process Personal Information in a way that is incompatible with these purposes unless subsequently authorized by you.
We take reasonable steps to limit the collection and usage of Personal Information to that which is relevant for the purposes for which it was collected, and to ensure that such Personal Information is reliable, accurate, complete and current. Individuals are encouraged to keep their Personal Information with Otter.ai up to date and may contact Otter.ai as indicated below or in the Policy to request that their Personal Information be updated or corrected.
We will adhere to the DPF Principles for as long as we retain the Personal Information collected under DPF Principles.
When providing our Services as a data processor, we process and retain Personal Information as necessary to provide our Services as permitted in our agreements, or as required or permitted under applicable law.
3. Accountability for Onward Transfer of Personal Information.
Otter.ai may transfer Personal Information as described in the Policy. When providing our Services as a data processor, we disclose Personal Information as provided in our agreement with customers.
We remain responsible for the processing of Personal Information received under the DPF Principles and subsequently transferred to a third party acting as an agent if the agent Processes such Personal Information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
4. Security.
Otter.ai takes reasonable and appropriate precautions, taking into account the risks involved in the Processing and the nature of the Personal Information, to help protect Personal Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
5. Access and Choice.
If we intend to use your Personal Information for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or if we intend to disclose it to a third party acting as a Data Controller not previously identified, we will offer you the opportunity to opt out of such uses and/or disclosures where it involves non-sensitive information or opt in where sensitive information is involved.
Where appropriate, you have the right to access to the Personal Information we maintain about you and to correct, amend or delete that information when it is inaccurate or has been processed in violation of the DPF Principles by sending a written request as indicated in “Contact Us” below. We will review your request in accordance with the DPF Principles, and may limit or deny access to Personal Information as permitted by the DPF Principles.
When providing our Services as a Data Processor, we only Process and disclose the Personal Information as specified in our agreements. Our customers control how Personal Information is disclosed to us and Processed, and how it can be modified. Accordingly, if you want to request access, or to limit use or disclosure of your Personal Information, please contact the company to whom you submitted your Personal Information and that uses our Services. If you provide us with the name of the company to whom you provided your Personal Information and who is our customer, we will refer your request to that customer and support them in responding to your request.
6. Recourse, Enforcement and Liability.
We conduct an annual self-assessment of our practices regarding Personal Information intended to verify that the assertions we make about our practices are true and that such practices have been implemented as represented.
If you have any questions or concerns, we encourage you to first write to us as indicated below. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Information in accordance with the DPF Principles.
If an issue cannot be resolved through Otter.ai’s internal dispute resolution mechanism, you may submit a complaint to
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
,
who serves as Otter.ai’s alternative dispute resolution provider, at no cost to you.
For residual complaints not fully or partially resolved by other means, you may be able to invoke binding arbitration as detailed in the DPF Principles available
here
.
Otter.ai is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Changes to this Notice
This Notice may be amended consistent with the requirements of the DPF Principles. When we update this Notice, we will also revise the “Last updated” date at the top of this document. Any changes to this Notice will become effective when we post the revised version on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding our privacy practices, or if you’d like to exercise your choices or rights, you can contact us:
via email at support@otter.ai (Attn: Privacy Officer)
by mail to
Otter.ai, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Officer
800 W El Camino Real,
Suite 170,
Mountain View, CA 94040
Cookies Preference
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Privacy Preference Center
You have the right to opt in of sale or "sharing" (for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes) of your personal information to third parties. Cookies related to this activity collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt in of sale or "sharing" of personal information by using the toggle switch.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://otter.ai/ccpa-notice:
Download
Solutions
For Business
Make meetings better with automatic notes
For Sales
Close deals & onboard new customers faster
For Education
Help students and faculty succeed
For Media
Create compelling stories using detailed notes
Pricing
Apps & Integrations
Resources
Blog
See what we’ve been up to and thinking about
Press
The latest product and company news
Resources
Explore our content library
Careers
Come join our team
Help & Support
Need some help using Otter? Get the answers
Schedule a Demo
Log In
See a Demo
Start for Free
Menu
Close
California Resident Privacy Notice
Effective April 8, 2020
[See also
Privacy Policy
]
This California Resident Privacy Notice supplements the information and disclosures contained in our
Privacy Policy
. It applies to individuals residing in California from whom we collect Personal Information as a business under California law.
1. Personal Information Collection, Disclosure, and Sale
For the purposes of this notice,
Personal Information
means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, or as otherwise defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (California Civil Code §§ 1798.100 to 1798.199) and its implementing regulations, as amended or superseded from time to time (“
CCPA
”).
Personal Information does not include information that is:
Lawfully made available from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated.
Otherwise excluded from the scope of the CCPA.
The chart below provides the categories of Personal Information (as defined by the CCPA) we have collected, disclosed for a business purpose, sold, or used for business or commercial purposes in the preceding twelve months since this notice was last updated, as well as the categories of third parties with whom we shared Personal Information. The examples of Personal Information provided for each category reflect each category’s statutory definition and may not reflect all of the specific types of Personal Information associated with each category.
Category
We Collect
We Disclose
We Sell
Categories of Third Parties with Whom We Share Personal Information
A. Identifiers
Name, internet unique identifiers, protocol address, email address
Yes
Yes
No
We may share certain data with entities that track advertising effectiveness on our behalf. We may share email addresses with services that deliver email on our behalf. These entities take no ownership in these identifiers.
B. Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e)
Example: Name
Yes
No
No
N/A
C. Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law
No
N/A
N/A
N/A
D. Commercial Information
No
N/A
N/A
N/A
E. Biometric Information
Voice recordings, from which voiceprint, can be extracted
Yes
No
No
F. Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Examples: Browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application or advertisement.
Yes
Yes
No
G. Geolocation Data
Example: Precise physical location.
No
N/A
N/A
H. Sensory Information
Examples: Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Yes
No
No
I. Professional or employment-related information
Job application or resume information, past and current job history, and job performance information.
Yes
No
No
J. Non-Public Education Information (as defined in 20 U.S.C. 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99)
Examples: Records that are directly related to a student maintained by an educational agency or institution or by a party acting for the agency or institution.
No
N/A
N/A
K. Inferences Drawn from Personal Information
Consumer profiles reflecting a consumer’s preferences, and characteristics
Yes
Yes
No
We may infer preferences from use of our site and occupational status and industry from email address.
2. Use of Personal Information
We collect, use, and disclose your Personal Information in accordance with the specific business and commercial purposes below:
Providing Services
: Providing our services.
Communicating
: Communicating with you, providing you with updates and other information relating to our services, providing information that you request, responding to comments and questions, and otherwise providing customer support.
Social Network Support
: sending messages on your behalf to your social networks, and providing other features and services to you.
Connecting Third Party Services:
Facilitating the connection of third-party services or applications, such as video conferencing services, online storage, and social networks.
Marketing
: Marketing purposes, such as developing and providing promotional and advertising materials that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you.
Personalization
: Personalizing your experience on our services such as presenting tailored content.
Sending Messages
: Sending you push notifications or text messages
Facilitating Payments
: Facilitating transactions and payments.
Deidentification and Aggregation
: De-identifying and aggregating information collected through our services and using it for any lawful purpose.
Job Applications
: Processing your job application.
Safety Issues
: Responding to trust and safety issues that may arise.
Compliance
: For compliance purposes, including enforcing our
Terms of Service
or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency.
Auditing Interactions
: Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions.
Fraud and Incident Prevention
: Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
Debugging
: Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Transient Use
: Short-term, transient use.
Contracting Vendors
: Contracting with service providers to perform services on our behalf or on their behalf, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.
Research
: Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Improving Our Services
: Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our services, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance our services.
Enabling Transactions
: Otherwise enabling or effecting, directly or indirectly, a commercial transaction.
Notified Purpose
: For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected.
3. Collection and Disclosure of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve months since this notice was last updated, we have collected Personal Information from the following categories of sources:
A.
You/Your Devices:
You or your devices directly.
B.
Users
: Other users of our services.
C.
Resellers
: Consumer data brokers.
D.
Partners
: Business partners.
E.
Public
: Publicly accessible sources.
Pursuant to our
Privacy Policy
, we share your Personal Information with the following categories of third parties:
I.
Advertising Providers
: Advertising technology companies, such as advertising networks.
II.
Analytics Providers
.
III.
Social Networks
.
IV.
Vendors
: Vendors and service providers.
V.
Integrated Third Parties
: Third parties integrated into our services.
VI.
Third Parties as Legally Required
: Third parties as required by law and similar disclosures.
VII.
Third Parties in Merger/Acquisition
: Third parties in connection with a merger, sale, or asset transfer.
VIII.
Third Parties with Consent
: Other third parties for whom we have obtained your permission to disclose your Personal Information.
4. Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you may exercise the following rights.
Right to Know and Access.
You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding the: (1) categories of Personal Information collected, sold, or disclosed by us; (2) purposes for which categories of Personal Information are collected or disclosed by us; (3) categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information;  (4) categories of third parties with whom we disclosed Personal Information; and (5) specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you during the past twelve months.
Right to Delete
. Subject to certain exceptions, you may submit a verifiable request that we delete Personal Information about you that we have collected from you.
Verification and Submit Requests.
Requests for access to or deletion of Personal Information are subject to our ability to reasonably verify your identity in light of the information requested and pursuant to relevant CCPA requirements, limitations, and regulations.
To verify your access or deletion request, please authenticate your account by logging into your account and submitting a support request from the application.
Shine the Light.
We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Information with nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing uses as contemplated by California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code § 1798.83), unless we have your permission.").
Authorizing an Agent.
To authorize an agent to make a request to know or delete on your behalf, please send a written authorization signed by you and the authorized agent to us via the Contact Information section.
5. Do Not Track
There is no accepted standard on how to respond to Do Not Track signals, and we do not respond to such signals.
6. Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing activities, or you would like to exercise your privacy rights please email us at
support@otter.ai
or write to us at:
Otter.ai, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Officer
800 W El Camino Real
Suite 170
Mountain View, CA 94040
Cookies Preference
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Privacy Preference Center
You have the right to opt in of sale or "sharing" (for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes) of your personal information to third parties. Cookies related to this activity collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt in of sale or "sharing" of personal information by using the toggle switch.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://stripe.com/gb/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connect
Platform Agreement
Account Agreement
Products and Programmes
Stripe Atlas
Stripe Adaptive Pricing
Stripe Climate
Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Corporate Card
Stripe Customer Portal
Stripe Data Pipeline
Stripe Financial Connections
Stripe Identity
Stripe Issuing
Stripe Tax
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Radar
Stripe Rewards
Stripe Verifications
Stripe Shop
Stripe Terminal
Terminal Purchase Terms
Terminal Reseller Terms
Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Treasury - Connected Accounts
Stripe Treasury - Platforms
Stripe Vault and Forward
Financial Services Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Stripe Payments Company
PNC Bank
Payment Method Terms
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Data Privacy Framework
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Licences
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.
Sub-policy 3
https://otter.ai/privacy-security:
Download
Solutions
For Business
Make meetings better with automatic notes
For Sales
Close deals & onboard new customers faster
For Education
Help students and faculty succeed
For Media
Create compelling stories using detailed notes
Pricing
Apps & Integrations
Resources
Blog
See what we’ve been up to and thinking about
Press
The latest product and company news
Resources
Explore our content library
Careers
Come join our team
Help & Support
Need some help using Otter? Get the answers
Schedule a Demo
Log In
See a Demo
Start for Free
Menu
Close
Privacy & Security
At Otter.ai ("Otter"), we believe that voice collaboration is more effective and more efficient when you can retain it, recall it and share it. We recognize your conversations may contain some of your most sensitive and confidential information. That’s why we are committed to keeping your information private and secure.  Additionally, we believe transparency is important to all meeting participants. As such users are required to comply with local laws and regulations and must always ask for consent and indicate when they are recording and transcribing conversations with others.
We follow best practices for privacy and security that align with global regulatory requirements
SOC 2 TYPE 2
Otter utilizes best practices to protect our customers’ data and works with independent experts to verify its security measures, and has achieved SOC 2 Type 2 report against stringent standards. We work with an independent auditor to maintain a SOC 2 report, which objectively certifies our controls to ensure the continuous security of our customers' data.
GDPR
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is Europe’s regulation for data protection and privacy. We have incorporated GDPR standards into data practices to make sure our customers have confidence in our security.
CCPA
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is a statute intended to enhance privacy rights and consumer protection for residents of California, United States. We do not sell your data. We have incorporated CCPA standards into our data practices.
VPAT
Otter recognizes the importance of Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act and  for IT accessibility. Otter has completed a Voluntary Product Accessibility Template (VPAT) to document compliance with accessibility requirements as outlined in Section 508.
Privacy
You
control
your
conversations (transcription and recordings).
Otter starts recording only when you or a meeting participant presses Record or invites OtterPilot to your meeting. When this happens, Otter’s AI technology enables it to record and transcribe automatically without any human interference.
Your conversations are
always private
, accessible to only you and the people you choose to share with.  To change the permissions for any conversation, please reference
these directions
.
When you delete a conversation, it is moved to the Trash. Otter automatically deletes conversations from the trash after 30 days. If you manually clear  conversation(s) from the trash bin, Otter deletes the conversation(s) at that time. Please see
these directions
for additional details.
Security
Otter doesn’t just talk about security. We’ve taken comprehensive actions to secure your conversations and data.
Two-factor authentication:
Available for all Otter plans. For an added layer of security, turn on two-factor authentication for your account. If your password is compromised or stolen, you'll have peace of mind knowing that two-factor authentication keeps others out of your account, even if they have your password. Please see
these directions
for additional details.
Data Storage:
Otter uses AWS S3 storage and enables AWS SSE (Server Side Encryption) on data (S3 buckets), as well as for machine data volumes. It encrypts the key itself with a root key that it regularly rotates. Server-side encryption uses a 256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard (AES-256).
Otter Employees:
All employees go through a thorough background check, and sign a confidentiality agreement.
Otter Computers:
We secure our employees' computers using mobile device management (MDM) (e.g. hard drive encryption enabled and anti-malware software installed).
Frequently Asked Questions
Will Otter disclose my personal data?
Under the Stored Communications Act, which means that under U.S. law, Otter's users are afforded certain privacy protections for government inquiries for their data stored on Otter’s systems.
Otter will not turn over any information about a customer without a legal process compelling Otter to do so.
In response to a subpoena, court order, or a search warrant issued by a court of competent jurisdiction, Otter will follow the process outlined in our
Data Request Policy
.
Otter is committed to the importance of trust and transparency for the benefit of our Customers and does not voluntarily provide government or law enforcement agencies with access to any data about users for surveillance purposes.
If you receive a request for my data, will you tell me?
Unless restricted by law or a court order, Otter intends to inform users promptly of any requests for their data by government officials or entities to permit the user to have time to object or intervene in the requests.
Will you turn over the contents of my recordings to law enforcement?
Otter will not turn over any information about a customer without a legal process compelling Otter to do so.
Will you turn over my data to a non-U.S. government?
Otter will not voluntarily comply with any non-U.S. government request for customer data. Otter will provide information to a foreign government official or entity only if compelled by a U.S. court to do so.
Do you use recordings and transcriptions to train your models?
Otter uses a proprietary method to de-identify user data before training our models so that an individual user cannot be identified. This training method is automatic and as such audio recordings and transcripts are not manually reviewed by a human. Additionally our training data is encrypted.
Who can access my transcripts or recordings?
You have control over who you share your transcripts or recordings with. Otter requires explicit consent from the customer prior to Otter employees and customer support team accessing your transcript and/or audio recording to troubleshoot a product issue. Before audio recordings are ever reviewed manually by a human (Otter personnel or its third parties), we require explicit consent from customers.
Will the AI Service Providers use Otter's customer data to train their models/algorithms?
No customer data will be used to train or improve our AI Service Provider(s)’ artificial intelligence models/algorithms. Our AI Service Provider(s) do not store customer data sent through the API on their platform. For more information on our AI Service Provider(s), refer to our
list of subprocessors.
What information does Otter collect?
When users create an account, they will be asked to provide a name, email, and password. If users create an account using a third-party login (such as Google, Apple or Microsoft) or integrate Otter with another app (such as Google Calendar, iCal, MS Outlook, Dropbox or Zoom), Otter will receive the information you choose to upload to the third-party platform (such as username, email address, and calendar information).
Does Otter share personal information for ads?
No personal identifiable information is shared for advertising. Otter does not have third-party ads served in our products, and we do not sell personal information to third parties.
Are other Subprocessors used to provide Otter services?
To provide our customers with high service levels and a high-quality solution, we utilize the subprocessors shown
here
.
Does Otter align with a cybersecurity framework to minimize the risk of a data breach?
Otter is continuously reviewing various cybersecurity frameworks to assess which frameworks best align with Otter’s security program. Our security policies are created based on the ISO 27001/2 framework.
Cookies Preference
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Privacy Preference Center
You have the right to opt in of sale or "sharing" (for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes) of your personal information to third parties. Cookies related to this activity collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt in of sale or "sharing" of personal information by using the toggle switch.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label