This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 20, 2024.
1. About Your Privacy and This Privacy Policy
Your privacy is extremely important to us. We are constantly putting a great deal of thought, effort, tools, resources, and procedures in place in order to protect and safeguard your privacy. This document is our "Privacy Policy" and it contains details on issues related to your privacy when using our services. This Privacy Policy applies to visitors to any of the following websites and related mobile applications: www.mind-diagnostics.org, www.pridemind.org, www.faithfulmind.org, www.relationshipdiagnostics.org, www.child-assessments.org, and www.healthymom.org (individually a “Site”; collectively, the “Sites”). It is intended to inform you of our policies, procedures and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any information that you provide through the Site. When you use our Site you accept and agree to the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to be bound to the Privacy Policy you should stop using the Site immediately.
European Union residents should read the information available in the
Privacy Notice for European Union residents
below about the categories of personal information to be collected from them and the purposes for which the personal information will be used
2. Information Collection, Use, and Disclosure
Categories of Information Collected
To let us operate the Sites effectively and to let you use the Sites, we may collect, use, and store the information described below. We also disclose certain information to third parties, as described further below. The information we collect is received directly or indirectly from you and generated in the course of your use of the Sites. The data we collect is not used for marketing or any other purposes except as specified in this Privacy Policy.
Visitor Data:
We collect, use, and store data regarding user visits to its website and use of the application (“Visitor Data”), including the particular pages visited or viewed by the user, the amount of time the user spent on the Sites, website errors experienced by the user, and information about the browser or device used to access the website and application, such as the user’s mobile device ID and IP address.
Test Information:
We collect the test responses provided by users, as well as pages viewed by the user, whether the user clicks a link to begin completing a test, and whether the user responds to any of the test prompts.
Reviews:
We collect the information you provide if leaving reviews on the Site.
Protecting this information is important for us. Other than in the ways detailed in this Privacy Policy, we will never use or disclose any information unless you requested or approved us to do so.
Purposes for Which Information is Used
We may use the information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
Communication with you
To respond to your inquiries.
To communicate with you in connection with the Site, notifications, events, programs or offerings that you may have registered for;
To send you updates and promotional materials;
To verify your identity.
To reach out to you, either ourselves or using the appropriate authorities, if we have a good reason to believe that you or any other person may be in danger or may be either the cause or the victim of a criminal act.
Delivery of services to you
To let you use the Site.
To provide customer service.
To match users with counselors and other Third Party Services.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Site.
Administration and improvement of services
To supervise, administer and monitor the Site.
To measure and improve the quality, effectiveness, and delivery of our services.
Customization and marketing
To advertise and market the Site to potential users.
To personalize the Site experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to individual interests, including targeted offers and ads through our websites, third-party sites, and via email or text message.
Compliance with law
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
To comply with applicable state and federal laws, including, but not limited to laws related to protecting client and public health and safety.
Other uses with consent
Any other purpose with your consent.
Purposes for Which Information is Disclosed to Third Parties
Information about you may be disclosed to third parties for one or more of the following purposes:
For business purposes and advertising.
We may also share your information with vendors and service providers, including our data hosting and data storage partners, analytics and advertising providers, and vendors providing technology services and support, payment processing, and data security. We also may share information with professional advisers, such as auditors, law firms, and accounting firms.
With your direction or consent.
We may share your information with third parties if you request or direct us to do so.
With affiliates within our corporate group.
We may share your information with any subsidiaries, parent companies, or related entities within our corporate group.
Compliance with law.
We may share your information with a court, a regulatory entity, law enforcement personnel, or pursuant to a subpoena, to comply with applicable law or any obligations thereunder.
In the context of a transaction.
We may share your information in connection with an asset sale, merger, bankruptcy, or other business transaction.
For other business reasons.
We may share your information to enforce any applicable terms of use, and to ensure the safety and security of the Site and our users.
3. Opting out of Marketing Communication
You can opt out of receiving email marketing by unsubscribing using the unsubscribe link provided in all of our marketing email communications.
4. Information Collected Automatically
Certain information on the Site is collected automatically by means of various software tools. We have a legitimate interest in using such information to assist in log-in, systems administration purposes, information security and abuse prevention, to track user trends, and to analyze the effectiveness of the Site. Alone or in combination with other information, such automatically collected information may constitute personal information. Some third parties we work with (described above) and business partners may use cookies or other methods to gather information regarding your use of the Site. Our service and/or business partners may use these cookies or other tracking methods for their own purposes by relating information about your use of the Site with any of personal information about you that they may have collected or have access to, which shall only be granted in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The use of such information by a third party depends on the privacy policy of that third party.
Log Files on the Site.
The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (“IP”) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, clicked pages and any other information your browser may send to us.
Cookies
We use cookies to make interactions with the Site easy and meaningful. When you visit the Site, our servers may send a cookie to your computer. Standing alone, cookies do not personally identify you; they merely recognize your web browser.
We may use cookies that are session-based and/or persistent. Session cookies exist only during one session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer. Please note that if you disable your web browser’s ability to accept cookies, you will be able to navigate the Site, but you may not be able to successfully use all of the features of the Site.
The following sets out how we may use different categories of cookies and your options for managing cookies’ settings:
Required cookies:
Required cookies enable you to navigate the Site and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Site and using our services. If you have chosen to identify yourself to us, we use cookies containing encrypted information to allow us to uniquely identify you. Each time you log into the Site, a cookie containing an encrypted, unique identifier that is tied to your account is placed on your browser. These cookies allow us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the Site and to process your online transactions and requests. Because required cookies are essential to operate the Site, there is no option to opt out of these cookies.
Performance cookies:
These cookies collect information about how you use the Site, including which pages you go to most often and if they receive error messages from certain pages. These cookies do not collect information that individually identifies you. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and anonymized. It is only used to improve how the Site functions and performs. From time-to-time, we may engage third parties to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit the Site. We may also utilize Flash cookies for these purposes. To learn how to opt out of performance cookies using your browser settings visit www.aboutcookies.org
Functionality cookies:
Functionality cookies allow the Site to remember information you have entered or choices you make (such as your username, language, or your region) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies also enable you to optimize your use of the Site after logging in. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize. To learn how to opt out of functionality cookies using your browser settings visit www.aboutcookies.org
Targeting or Advertising cookies:
From time to time, we may track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit the Site. We sometimes use our own cookies as well as cookies delivered by third parties to track the performance of advertisements. For example, these cookies remember which browsers have visited the Site. The information provided to third parties does not include personal information, but this information may be re-associated with personal information after we receive it. By way of example, as you browse the Site, cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. We also contract with third-party advertising networks and similar partners that collect IP addresses and other information from web beacons (see below) on the Site, from emails, and on third-party sites. Ad networks follow your online activities over time by collecting website navigational information through automated means, including through the use of cookies. They use this information to provide advertisements about products and services tailored to your interests. You may see these advertisements on other websites. This process also helps us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. Third parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on the Site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. To learn more about these and other advertising networks and their opt-out instructions, visit
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
Other Tracking Technologies.
When you visit the Site, we may collect your IP address to track and aggregate information. For example, we may use IP addresses to monitor the regions from which you navigate the Site. We may also use web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about your usage of the Site and interaction with emails from us. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular site tied to the web beacon. For example, we may place web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to the Site. We may use web beacons to operate and improve the Site and email communications.
Analytics Software Tools.
We use analytics software on the Site to help us analyze the traffic on the Site.
5. Social and General Information Tools
We use several publicly-available tools and information exchange resources, such as (but not limited to) a blog, a Facebook page, a Twitter account, and others (collectively "Social and General Information Tools"). Any information you provide or share while using Social and General Information Tools may be read, accessed, collected by that site and users of that site according to their Privacy Policy.
6. Phishing
Online identity theft and account hacking, including the practice currently known as "phishing", are of great concern. You should always be diligent when you are being asked for your account information and you must always make sure you do that in our secure system. We will never request your login information or your credit card information in any non-secure or unsolicited communication (email, phone or otherwise).
7. Links
The Site may contain links to other websites, services or offers which are owned, operated or maintained by third parties. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third website or service. The fact that we link to a website or service is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not have control over third party websites and services and we do not have control over their privacy policies and terms of use.
8. Security of Information
While using any Internet-based service carries inherent security risks that cannot be 100% prevented, our systems, infrastructure, encryption technology, operation, and processes are all designed, built, and maintained with your security and privacy in mind. We apply industry standards and best practices to prevent any unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. We comply with all applicable federal laws, state laws, and regulations regarding data privacy.
9. Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Site, to perform certain tasks which are related to the Site, or to provide audit, legal, operational or other services for us. These tasks include, but not limited to, customer service, technical maintenance, monitoring, email management and communication, database management, billing and payment processing, reporting and analytics. We will share with them only the minimum necessary information to perform their task for us and only after entering into appropriate confidentiality agreements.
10. Children's Privacy
The Site is specifically designed for users who are 18 years of age or above. We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons to become our user. The Site is not directed and not intended to be used by users under the age of 18. If you are aware that we have collected Personal Information from a user under age of 18 please let us know by contacting us and we will delete that information.
11. Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose information necessary or appropriate to protect the safety of the public or any person, to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), and to prevent or stop activity that may be illegal or dangerous.
12. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy statement at our sole discretion. The date of the last revision of this policy appears at the top of this page. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our Privacy Policy and practices. Regardless of changes to our Privacy Policy, we will never use the information you submit under our current privacy notice in a new way without first notifying you and giving you the option to stop using the Site.
13. Contacting us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy-related practices, please contact us by clicking the
"Contact Us"
link at the bottom of any page in our website.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Notice
This section provides additional information about our Privacy Policy relevant to users from the European Union (EU) and Switzerland. It supplements and should be read in conjunction with the rest of the Privacy Policy. Under the GDPR, Life Diagnostics is the Controller with respect to your personal information.
We may use your personal information:
When it is necessary to do so to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you, for example to manage your account, and to respond to enquiries about your use of the Site.
When it is in our legitimate interests or a third party's legitimate interests to use personal information in such a way to ensure that we provide the Site in the best way that we can. In particular, we have a legitimate interest in using your personal information for product development and internal analytics purposes, and otherwise to improve the safety, security, and performance of the Site. We only rely on our or a third party's legitimate interests to process your personal information when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests.
When it is necessary to do so in order to comply with any legal obligations imposed upon us, for example under applicable law.
When you have consented to the use of your personal information, for example for marketing purposes or to track your online activities via Cookies and similar technologies.
1. Your Rights and Choices
EU and Swiss residents have specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your rights if you are resident in the EU or Switzerland, and explains how to exercise those rights.
Right of Access
You may be entitled to ask us for a copy of any personal information which we hold. This right is known as a ‘Subject Access Request.’ We will normally send you a copy of the personal information within one month of your request. However, that period may be extended by two further months where necessary, taking into account the complexity of the request or the difficulty in accessing the personal information that you request. There is usually no charge; but in exceptional circumstances we may charge but will discuss this with you if those circumstances apply.
Right to rectification
If the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, you may request rectification. The personal information will be checked, and, where appropriate, inaccuracies will be rectified.
Right to erasure
In certain circumstances, you may be entitled to ask us to erase your personal information.
Right to data portability
In certain circumstances, you may wish to move, copy, or transfer the electronic personal Information that we hold about you to another organization.
Right to object
You may object to your personal information being used for direct marketing.
You may object to the continued use of your personal information in any circumstances where we rely upon consent as the legal basis for processing it.
Where we rely upon legitimate interests as the legal basis for processing your personal information, you may object to us continuing to process your personal information, but you must give us specific reasons for objecting. We will consider the reasons you provide, but if we consider that there are compelling legitimate grounds for us to continue to process your personal information, we may continue to do so. In that event, we will let you know the reasons for our decision.
2. Rights related to automated decision-making including profiling
We use limited personal information to operate the Site and to carry out certain profiling activities to support and grow our business. When doing so, we rely upon our legitimate interests as the lawful basis for processing your personal information and you may exercise the above rights if you do not wish us to process your personal information in this way.
To exercise the rights in relation to your Personal Information set out in this section, please contact us by emailing privacy@mind-diagnostics.org.
3. International Data Transfers
The Site is controlled and operated by us from the United States. By accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy you agree that any personal information you provide to us through use of the Site may be stored and processed, transferred between and accessed from the United States and other countries that may not guarantee the same level of protection of personal  information  as the one in which you reside. However, we will handle your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy at all times.
You can contact our Data Protection Officer with questions, about this policy, or about your personal information by writing to:
Life Diagnostics LLC
Data Protection Officer
1321 Upland Dr. PMB 21345, Houston, Texas 77043, USA
privacy@mind-diagnostics.org
Whilst we will always work with you to resolve any concerns you have about the use of your personal information, under GDPR you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in your country of residence if you have any concerns about our use of your personal information.
Know someone who needs help?
Share this page
Get the app
Mental health conditions, such as depression or anxiety, are real,
common, and treatable. And recovery is possible.
Track your results over time
Send results to a friend, family member or therapist
Find therapists in your area (US Zip codes only)
"Amazing!"
Heroine X
App User
"Super helpful to track results over time"
Michael
App User
Download on the App Store
Get it on Google Play