arrow
clock
hp
twitter
youtube
instagram
linkedin-footer
facebook
linkedin
nav-vertical
nav-horizontal
search
apple
android
qr
Privacy policy (General Data Protection Regulation)
KUARIO app
Explore
Contact KUARIO
Privacy statement for users of the KUARIO app
KUARIO B.V., with registered office at Lichtfabriekplein 1, 2031 TE  Haarlem, Netherlands, is the data controller for the processing of personal data of the KUARIO App as set out in this privacy statement for users of the KUARIO App.
Contact details
Lichtfabriekplein 1
2031 TE  Haarlem
+31 (0)88 248 1603
www.kuario.com
Personal data we process
KUARIO B.V. processes your personal data because you use our services or products or because you have provided us with your personal data.
Summary of the personal data we process:
E-mail address
Bank account number or credit card number
Transactional data such as top-ups, purchases, products purchased
Balance information.
Purposes and rationale
KUARIO processes personal data for the following purposes:
To manage and settle payments for goods you have purchased through the KUARIO application.
To record your use of the functions offered by sellers of the KUARIO application.
Provide our services and assist you in case you have any questions.
All of this is based on your consent to install and use the KUARIO application.
Automated decision making
Automated decision-making refers to decisions made by computer programs or systems, without a person being involved (i.e. an employee of KUARIO B.V.). KUARIO B.V. does not use automated decision-making systems concerning matters that may have (important) consequences for individuals.
Storage period
KUARIO B.V. will not store your personal data beyond what is strictly necessary to fulfil the above-mentioned purposes and not beyond what is justified on the above grounds. KUARIO works with a seven-year inactivity period after which your account will be closed and deleted.
Exchange of personal data with third parties
KUARIO B.V. will not sell your data to third parties and will only provide it if this is necessary to provide you with our services or to comply with a legal obligation. If KUARIO B.V. uses a company to process your data on behalf of KUARIO B.V., we will enter into a data processing agreement with that company to ensure that they use the same level of security and confidentiality with your data. KUARIO B.V. remains the data controller.
Cookies or comparable techniques we use
A cookie is a small file that is stored in the browser of your computer, tablet or smartphone the first time you visit this website. When you first visit our website, we will inform you about these cookies and ask for your consent to place them. KUARIO B.V. does not use its own cookies on its websites.
You can refuse cookies in your web browser settings so that it no longer stores cookies. In addition, you can delete all previously stored information in your browser settings.
Captcha
For security reasons, we use Captcha puzzles, from FriendlyCaptcha, see https://friendlycaptcha.com. The data collected when a FriendlyCaptcha puzzle is displayed are :
The request headers User-Agent, Origin and Referer
The puzzle itself, which contains information about the account and site key it is related to
The version of the widget
A timestamp
FriendlyCaptcha stores an anonymised counter per IP address for dynamic puzzle difficulties on the edge network to detect malicious users and minimise blocking of legitimate users. This data is stored completely separately from the rest of the data and cannot be correlated to specific websites or anything else. FriendlyCaptcha anonymises IP addresses by using a one-way hash of certain values so that they cannot be personally identified.
FriendlyCaptcha does NOT ask for any other information or personal information, such as your name, email, and online profiles.
Viewing, amending or deleting data
You have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. In addition, you have the right to revoke any consent you have given to the processing of your data or you can object to the processing of your data by KUARIO B.V. You also have the right to the transferability of your data. This means that you can ask us to send your personal data in a computer file to you or another organization that you specify to us.
You can send a request to review, correct, delete, transfer your personal data or revoke consent or express your objection to the processing of your personal data to
service@kuario.com
.
To ensure that we are certain that you are the person requesting to review the data, please enclose a copy of your national identity card with the request. Please cross out your photo, your ID number and all other identifiable data except for your name in order to protect your privacy. We will respond to your request as soon as possible and within four weeks at the latest.
KUARIO B.V. would also like to inform you of the possibility to lodge a complaint with the national supervisory body, the Dutch Data Protection Authority (Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens). For more information, please go to the website
https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl
.
How we protect personal data
KUARIO B.V. takes the protection of your data very seriously and we will take appropriate technical and organizational measures to combat misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted publication and unauthorized alteration of your data. If you have the impression that your data is not properly protected or there is any indication of abuse, please contact our support team at:
service@kuario.com
.