Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Google
3
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Pending
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
digitalmelody.eu
1
PHPSESSID
Preserves user session state across page requests.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Google
3
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga_#
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
NID
Pending
YouTube
19
Learn more about this provider
#-#
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
iU5q-!O9@$
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
YtIdbMeta#databases
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
Unclassified
0
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 3/17/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
About
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Allow all
Customize
Allow selection
Deny
Home
Games
Our story
News
Support
Contact
Find support you need
#support
#help
#privacy
#faq
Privacy policy
Terms of service
Digital melody faq
PRIVACY POLICY: 25.05.2018
LAST UPDATE: 09.12.2024
DIGITAL MELODY PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy is a document that describes how Digital Melody collects, processes, shares, stores, transmits and discloses both personal data and data generated in applications and games.
Digital Melody, including its affiliates and subsidiaries, is the controller of the data it collects and processes for the purpose of creating and developing games, applications, websites and services. All mechanisms, practices and data management principles are governed by this document and are in compliance with it.
By using any of Digital Melody services, games, applications, websites and other services, you hereby consent to this Privacy Policy created on 25.05.2018 and modified on 23.05.2022.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please see the “Contact” section at the end of this document.
1. Information we collect
Information you provide us:
Your name and email address
Your age
All the information you provide contacting us via all support tools (e-mail, forms, support tickets etc.)
Other information you provide us (via sending us emails, inquiries, requests by any of provided by Digital Melody tools)
Information collected automatically :
Whether by our partners or directly by google services as well as in game scripts, these are the main data that may be processed by Digital Melody:
General geolocation information (for example country, country region or continent).
Game related progress and activity, your interactions with other players, Digital Melody player ID
Data we collect by using cookies and similar technologies (stated in cookies policy)
Information collected from our partners:
Information that we receive if you decide to connect to a third-party social network (such as Facebook or Game Center)
Information from billing partners (if you subscribe to some games or make an in-game purchase)
Information for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you with better Services
NET address, device identifiers, browser preferences (such as IP, your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI, device name and operating system, browser type and the language you prefer) if needed for the case.
Digital Melody collects only adequate and relevant information limited to the purposes defined in this document.
Informations collected by our partners:
All informations
collected by
our partners are stated in their privacy policies:
Unity Ads, Analytics, 3D:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/previous
AppLovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Google Ads:
https://safety.google/privacy/ads-and-data/
AdMob:
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en&ref_topic=2745287
Google Apps, Tools and Analytics:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Tenjin:
https://www.tenjin.com/privacy/
Game Analytics:
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy/
TikTok:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-eea
2.
When we collect your information
Digital Melody collect information when you:
play our games and consent to use our services
watch advertisements within our services
make a purchase by our partner services
sign up for a newsletter
contact Digital Melody customer service
share or contribute to our social-media channels and other community websites
apply for: participation in any project, partnership, subcontracting and for a job
We collect personal information when:
when we have your consent to do so
when they are needed to fulfill contract with you (to identify sides of contract)
when they are needed to fulfill all legal obligations according to the law and to prevent crime and fraud
when we have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you
3.
How do we use your information
We use the information to provide you with a better gaming experience and to properly operate our business with reference to the law where the service is provided. That means we use this information:
to match the Services to your age according to the applicable laws of your country of residence
enhance game experience based on your behavior in game and feedback you provide
deliver ads and offers to you for a services that you may like
to offer you the opportunity to take part alfa and beta testing of our services
to fix bugs and service errors and use of exploits and cheats in games and services
to prevent and protect against crime or fraud and other security manners
to make valid analytics, statistics and optimization in games and services
to comply with all regulatory and legal requirements, and answer any requests from Data Protection Authorities or any law-enforcement agency
to provide support and communication and to respond to any requests or questions you have submitted through our customer support
handle your subscription to, and opting-out of, our policies and newsletters
to promote our services
provide advertising that may match your interests in comply with age and general localization
to measure our efforts and effectiveness of advertising and offers and to optimize them
to conduct push notification if we have your consent
to use and perform analytics that enhance business operation that leads to optimize services
4.
How long do we retain your data?
As long as you are playing our games and use our services, adding the period needed to fulfill all the purposes stated in this document, in compliance with the applicable laws of your country of residence. In addition, your data can be retained to solve any future disputes, police requests and to fulfill legal obligations until those disputes, requests and obligations are closed.
5.
How we share your information
Internally:
In order to operate the Services, your personal information may be transferred to other Digital Melody studios or entities, subsidiaries, processors, partners or third parties operating on behalf of Digital Melody.
With authorities
We are obligated to report to law enforcement agencies any activity that we believe in good faith is illegal. In case of suspicion, we will investigate and take action to counter any kind of possible abuse in order to protect property or the safety of others. Your data may be disclosed to the authorities on the basis of legal provisions or a court order, if the suspicions turn out to be justified, especially if they threaten harmful behavior. The scale of the data we share is always adequate to factual needs and comply with the local law.
Social networks:
If you decide, while using our Services, to use social sharing features such as “Share” or “Like” on Facebook or other third-party social network sites, this may allow for personal and non-personal data collection by third-party social networks you share data to. Digital Melody may have access to this data due to your consent to contracts provided by those entities. You should visit the policies of such third parties for more information about their information-collection practices.
In case of sale of our company
In connection with any sale of our company or any line of business (including the assets) customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. In the event of any such sale or disposition of any or all of our business, your information may be transferred to the acquirer.
6.
International operations and transfers of your information
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland, we provide adequate protection for the transfer of personal information to countries outside of the EEA or Switzerland based on the standard contractual clauses authorized by the European Commission or other appropriate safeguards defined in Article 46, General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679.
7.
Security and confidentiality of your personal information
The security measures that we have implemented and that we have at our disposal have been introduced to protect data and prevent unauthorized access.
However, please note that no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network is 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information and accept no responsibility for any unauthorized use of or access to your information under our control.
Each time in the event of a breach of the security of your data, you will be informed by us.
If you believe that your personal data is being misused by us or any third party, please notify us immediately by email at support@digitalmelody.eu.
8.
Children
We encourage parents and legal guardians to educate their children about the dangers of sharing their own, any family member and friends personal data over the Internet. No child should disclose any personal data and other sensitive data, especially any payment data, wherever they belong to.
The user is considered a child if he or she is less than 13 years old and lives outside the European Union. If a user lives in the EU, and has less than 16 years, he or she is considered as a child, unless the data protection laws applicable to his or her place of residence provides otherwise.
If any of our age-appropriate services are or may be used by an age-inappropriate user, we reserve the right to block such service for that user.
We apply the above and following limitations to personal information collection for a user that is not of the minimum legal age required in their country of residence.
If you do not have proper age, you cannot:
subscribe to newsletters
display your real name or any information in the games
access the chats, leaderboards, forums, SNS (Facebook, Game Center, etc.)
use any other feature where users could appear under their real names
With respect to such a user, we will prevent the collection and use of his/her precise geolocation data and display to him/her contextual advertising only (excluding any behavioral advertising).
If a user has consent of their legal guardians or parents to use services not suitable for his age, parents and legal guardians have to exercise their privacy rights for their children, if law of the country of residence allows it. Digital Melody due to its strong recommendations and statements will oppose such actions but will always comply with the law. You can use this e-mail to submit your case:
privacy@digitalmelody.eu
9.
Job applicants, partnership, subcontracting
If you apply for a participation in any project, partnership, subcontracting and for a job, your personal data can be collected for the recruitment process and retained only for recruitment purposes for a period when the recruitment process is finished. Depending on the result, your information data can be stored for a time of cooperation and any legal requirements arising due to it or deleted shortly after denial, if we do not have your consent to do otherwise.
10.
Your rights as an Adult and Parent / Legal Guardian
Adults
We encourage the data provided to Digital Melody to be kept up-to-date and accurate. By using our services, you ensure that the data provided by you belongs exclusively to you and not to third parties.
You can ask Digital Melody to access, correct, add or delete data at any time. If you are a European user, you can also request limitations to the processing of your personal information, object to the processing of your information, or exercise your right to data portability.
If you subscribed to the newsletter or agreed to cookie-based tracking, you can opt out at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter or deleting cookies on your web browser or smartphone.
If you do not agree to some cookies, you can withdraw your consent in their settings (if allowed by the website or application) or not use our services if the permission level is inadequate for you.
Please note that your actions may affect the functionality and availability of services and games. Withdrawal of certain consents may limit or prevent entertainment altogether. Removing consents or limiting them can cause game or application reset and / or their functionality may be limited. In extreme cases, games and applications may remain inaccessible to you if the consent conditions their work and make them fully functional. In addition, when withdrawing consent, communication with us may be difficult, especially if the contact details have been blocked.
If you withdraw your consent or request the deletion of your data, we will no longer use or process your data, but will keep it in order to respond to requests from regulatory authorities or the police.
We also reserve the right to archive such information for a commercially reasonable period to ensure that its deletion does not affect the integrity of our data; in addition, we reserve the right to keep an anonymous version of such information.
Children
If you are the parent of a child under the age of 13 (or any other age under the laws of your country) and you believe your child may have provided information to us, you can complete the form so that we can check and delete the information from our system.
In order to correctly identify you as a parent or legal guardian and to enable access to data, we will need to identify you. Therefore, we need you to provide us with a copy of an official document proving your identity and the fact that you are the child's parent or legal guardian. This copy will be safely destroyed within two months of receiving and closing the request.
Your request will be processed within one month, unless it requires further investigation. You will be informed about this fact.
European users are reminded that they have the right to lodge a complaint with the European Data Protection Supervisor.
11.
Third-party services
Some of our services may contain links to third party services that provide us with the modules, software and services that we use for our games and applications.
These links may lead to websites and services beyond our control and influence.
This Privacy Policy covers only how we handle personal and non-personal information that we collect as part of our Services. By accessing any external sites, you agree to the privacy policies of those sites and services, which may have different policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information.
As noted, being out of control, we are not responsible for the privacy practices, actions, omissions and policies of such third parties and their services. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of the websites and services you are accessing.
12.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change our privacy policy at any time. This change will be updated both on our website: www.digitalmelody.eu/privacy and in the applications and games that use it. Therefore, please read this document from time to time to be aware of the current Digital Melody Privacy Policy.
The policy update date will always be at the top of the document.
By continuing to use the services you accept the changes.  If you do not accept the changes, you may choose not to use Digital Melody services. You can also send us a consent withdrawal notice via this e-mail:
privacy@digitalmelody.eu
13.
Legal disclaimer
Our Services operate AS IS, and we do not represent or warrant that our Services will be available at all times. We also cannot guarantee that your use of the Services will be uninterrupted or error-free. We are not responsible for your ability to access the Services or for anything beyond our control. This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of your country of residence. Any disputes arising from the use of the Services will be brought to the appropriate courts in your country of residence.
14.
Contact
In case of questions, requests, doubts or applications, you can always contact us by e-mail:
privacy@digitalmelody.eu
Digital Melody S.A.
Ul. 3 Maja 9
05-827 Grodzisk Mazowiecki
Polska