MY SPAR
REWARDS CLUB
Login here:
Forgot password?
FORGOT PASSWORD
Please enter your email address to reset your password.
Return to Login
Don’t have an account?
Sign up todayMY SPAR
REWARDS CLUB
Login here:
Forgot password?
FORGOT PASSWORD
Please enter your email address to reset your password.
Return to Login
Don’t have an account?
Sign up today
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.spar.ie/privacy-statement/:
Consent to Cookies & Data processing
On this website we use cookies and similar functions to process end device information and personal data (e.g. such as IP-addresses or browser information). The processing is used for purposes such as to integrate content, external services and elements from third parties, statistical analysis/measurement, personalized advertising and the integration of social media. Depending on the function, data is passed on to up to
9 third parties
and processed by them. This consent is voluntary, not required for the use of our website and can be revoked at any time using the icon on the bottom left.
Function
Marketing
Preferences
Measurement
Social media
Reject all
Accept all
Save + Exit
Customize your choice
|
Cookies
Cookie Banner powered by
PRIVACYENGINE
+
consentmanager.net
BWG Foods UC Consumer Privacy Notice
Introduction
BWG Foods UC
is
BWG Foods UC is a leading retail and wholesale business. BWG Foods owns and operates the SPAR, EUROSPAR, MACE, LONDIS and XL brands in the Republic of Ireland.
BWG Foods UC
is a controller under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Any reference to “we” “our” or “us” within this Notice refers to BWG Foods UC.
The purpose of this Notice is to provide information regarding:
How we handle and use your personal data,
The third parties we share your personal data with,
Your rights in relation to your personal data
Why we process your personal data
We collect your personal data for the following purposes:
To send our brand newsletters
To manage customer complaints, feedback and queries
To run competitions
To run campaigns and sponsorships
To improve the quality of our websites
To resolve legal claims or disputes
To manage our Rewards Programme
To send rewards offers
To send targeted ads
The Personal Data We Process
We process the following types of your personal data:
Contact Data
Identifying Data
Computer Device Data
Communication Data
Transaction Data
Social Network Data
We do not process special category data.
Lawful Bases for Processing Personal Data
We process your personal data under the following Article 6 legal bases:
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Contractual Obligation
We do not process special category data.
Who do we share your personal data with?
We share your personal data with the following third parties:
Franchisees (to resolve complaints and queries)
Digital Marketing Agency (to manage competitions, communications, and campaigns)
Rewards Platform Provider (to manage rewards programme)
Fulfilment Agency (to deliver prizes)
International Data Transfers
We do not transfer your data to third parties who operate outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
Details of Automated decision Making and Profiling
We do not engage in automated decision making/profiling practices for the purposes of profiling.
How Long Do We Retain Your Data For?
We will retain your personal information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it is processed.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the nature and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use of disclosure of this information, and the purposes for which we process the information. We also consider any applicable legal and requirements which may specify how long we should retain your personal information.
Subject to the above, we keep data as follows:
Photographs – 3 years
Communications – 7 years
Complaints and Queries – 1 year
Rewards Data – 1yr from last activity
Contact Data – duration of relationship
Your Rights
You have the following rights in respect of your personal data that we process:
The right to withdraw consent where that is the basis for processing
The right of access
The right to be informed
The right to erasure
The right to restriction of processing
The right to data portability
The right to object to processing
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
The right to make a complaint to the Data Protection Commission
If you would like to exercise any of the above rights, or for queries on how your personal data is processed by us, please contact our Data Protection Officer at dataprotection@bwg.ie.
If you would like to raise a complaint with the Data Protection Commission regarding our processing of your personal data, you can do so using the following link
https://www.dataprotection.ie/en/contact/how-contact-us
Cookie Policy
Competition T&Cs
Privacy Notice
© SPAR 2025
Cookie Settings
Privacy settings