Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy provides information on the privacy practices for the collection, use, disclosure and retention of Personal Information if anyone chooses to use the Alertable software, and any of its features and capabilities, (the “Application”) and services (the “Services”) provided by the developer and owner of the Application, Public Emergency Alerting Services Inc (“PEASI”, “We”).
The Application provides officials the means to broadcast notifications to individuals in the community and workplace for emergencies and day-to-day events.
If you choose to use the Application and Services, then you agree to the collection, use, disclosure and retention of personal information as outlined in this policy.
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time and you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. Changes to our Privacy Policy are effective immediately after they are published on this page. You agree that you will review this Policy periodically.
This Privacy Policy has been drawn up in the English language. In case of discrepancies between the English text version of this Privacy Policy and any translation, the English version shall prevail.
What personal information is collected?
The personal information we collect may be different depending on whether you are using the Application and Services to receive notification messages, communicating with our customer service team, participating in surveys, or visiting any of our websites.
In choosing to use the Application and Services, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information including email address, phone number, location information, computer equipment information including device information, settings and preference information, and any other information as may be needed to deliver notification messages to you.
The Application may collect certain information automatically, including but not limited to, the type of computer equipment you use, your computer equipment's unique mobile device ID, the IP address of your computer equipment, your computer equipment operating system, the type of internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application and closing your account for any Services that you have signed up for. You may use the standard uninstall and account closure tools and processes as may be available to you via your computer equipment, application marketplaces from where you may have downloaded the Application, websites from where you may have signed up for the Application, or any other means.
If you contact us for help, we may request additional information from you, and keep records and copies of that information, to assist us in helping you.
We may contact you to participate in surveys from time to time. If you choose to participate, we may request certain personal information from you depending on the nature of the survey.
We may also contact you to provide a testimonial for our Application and Services, or you may choose to provide your own testimonial, including rating and review with an independent third party. Suppose you choose to provide a testimonial, rating or review. In that case, we may request certain personal information from you depending on the nature of the testimonial or the independent third-party may request certain personal information, and you would be subjected to the privacy policies of those third-parties.
How is personal information used?
In general, we only collect personal information that is the minimum necessary to deliver emergency alerts and general community notifications to subscribers, perform customer service and support, and provide notices of new Application and Services features and capabilities. We may also use personal information to contact you regarding administrative notices, to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce the terms and conditions of any agreements.
When you use the Application, and if you provide consent when prompted, we may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location or request that you provide access to your device address, or request that you enter a location address. Your location information is used to support and improve the features and services of the Application, including but not limited to:
determining notification message information that should be sent to you,
displaying your location on a map relative to the area(s) affected by notification messages,
describing the area of relevance in notification messages applicable to your locations, and
measuring service subscription by geographic location.
If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should turn off the location services for the Application located in your account settings, in your device settings, and/or within the Application.
Whenever you use the Application and Services, in the case of an Application error, we may collect data and information from your computer equipment and devices called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, computer equipment and device name, operating system version, the configuration of the Application when utilizing the Application and Services, the time and date of your use of the Application and Services, and other statistics.
Our websites use cookies to support personal preferences that individuals choose to apply when viewing notification message information. Our websites also use cookies to compile information about the usage of our websites and interaction with emails from us. Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory. If you do not want the website Application to place a cookie on your browser and track your activity, you may leave the site or you may browse the site using privacy mode in your web browser.
Any Personal Information we collect from you is used only for the purposes described in this privacy notice, including for purposes that we explain to you at the time we ask to collect such information or to better understand our market and customer needs in order to continue improving the Application and Services. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
What personal information will be shared or disclosed to other parties?
We do not share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes. We do not sell, trade, or rent personal information to others.
However, it may be necessary to share personal information with third parties in order for the Application to perform and operate as expected and to provide Services to you. For example, we may need to transmit an individual’s phone number to a telecommunications provider or send device information to a mobile system provider’s notification services to deliver targeted alert notifications.
Under such circumstances, we will only transmit the information needed to fulfill the obligations and intended purpose of the Application and Services. These third parties are also bound by local, regional and national privacy laws and regulations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. Transfers to these third parties are covered by the provisions in this Privacy Policy regarding notice and choice, as well as applicable contractual agreements.
We may disclose personal information about you as described in this Privacy Policy, including:
To the extent required to enable you to receive notification messages from any group, institution or entity that is the source of the notification message.
To our third-party service providers on a need-to-know basis to support operating and maintaining the Application, providing Services to you, or conducting our business.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provided it. For example, if you opt-in to voice, email or text-based notification messages, we will use your email address or phone number to send those notification messages to you.
As required by law, such as to comply with any court order, subpoena, or similar legal process, including responding to any government or regulatory request, as well as lawfully binding requests by public authorities to meet law enforcement requirements.
To enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions or any other agreements (as applicable).
If we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of PEASI, our customers or others, or to investigate fraud. However, all such disclosure shall comply with any applicable privacy and data protection laws.
In the context of a sale, assignment or other transfer of all or part of the business.
To any other party only with your consent.
The Application and Services may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
How long is personal information retained?
We will retain personal information (including geo-location data) provided by you for as long as is needed to provide the Application and Services to you, in accordance with the Application and Services Terms and Conditions, or to comply with applicable legal, tax, accounting or regulatory requirements.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
We may also retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint, or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation with respect to our relationship with you.
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve the Application and Services. The Application is hosted exclusively in Canadian data centres to ensure compliance with data residency and applicable privacy laws and regulations.
Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
How can you access your personal information?
You may request to access, correct, erase or transfer the personal information we hold about you by contacting us, either by email or by postal service, at the addresses listed at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information or to exercise any of the other actions described above. However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
Whom can I contact about personal information?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Public Emergency Alerting Services Inc
888 4 Avenue SW #1906
Calgary, Alberta, Canada T2P 0V2
Attn: Privacy Officer
Email:
privacy@peasi.com
Phone:
+1-888-400-5661