KASPERSKY – PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
AO Kaspersky Lab, located at bldg. 3, 39A, Leningradskoe Shosse, Moscow, 125212, Russian
    Federation and all companies belonging to the group "Kaspersky" respect your privacy. Our
    representative in the EU for data protection is: Kaspersky Labs GmbH, Despag-Strasse 3,
    85055, Ingolstadt, Germany,
info@kaspersky.de
, +49
    (0) 841 98 18 90, according to Article 27 (1) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data
    Protection Regulation, "GDPR"). Our Data Protection Officer in the EU, according to Article
    37 (1) of GDPR, as well as for the other countries, may be contacted via
dpo@kaspersky.com
.
This Products and Services Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) describes how we use the
    information you provide when you use our products and services, and the choices you can make
    about our use of the information. We also describe the measures we take to protect the
    information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
In connection with specific products or services offered by Kaspersky, you are provided with
    the agreements, terms of use, and statements that supplement this policy relating to data
    handling.
This policy may be changed because of changes in legislation, the requirements of the
    authorities or to reflect changes in our practices concerning the processing of personal
    data. The revised policy will be posted on our website and will be effective immediately
    upon being posted. You can read at any time the policy currently in effect on our website:
https://www.kaspersky.com/products-and-services-privacy-policy
.
This version of the policy is effective as of February 28, 2022.
The Sources of Information
Kaspersky may obtain information about you from various sources, namely:
products and services;
by your signing up for a Kaspersky products or services;
in response to technical support or other communication in order to ensure the required
        performance of products and services;
on our websites;
in response to marketing or other communications;
through participation in an offer, program or promotion.
If you provide us with any information or material relating to another individual, you should
    make sure that this sharing with us and our further use as described to you from time to
    time are in line with applicable laws; thus, for example, you should duly inform that
    individual about the processing of her/his personal data and obtain her/his consent, as may
    be necessary under applicable laws.
You may also choose to consent to third parties disclosing information about you to us that
    those third parties have received.
Information Provided by Users and How We Use Information
Personal data processing by Kaspersky is always carried out in a legal and fair manner.
You will always know what kind of information you provide to Kaspersky before you
        start to use the products and services. The data which you provide depends on the
        services, products, and features you use. For more information about data you provide,
        please refer to End User License Agreement, Kaspersky Security Network Statement and
        other documentation of product and services that you use, especially:
FOR HOME USERS (B2C):
SECTION "B" OF THE EULA, WHICH DESCRIBES THE DATA THAT NEED TO BE PROCESSED IN
            ORDER TO PERFORM OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE CONTRACT;
KASPERSKY SECURITY NETWORK STATEMENT, WHICH DESCRIBES THE DATA THE PROCESSING OF
            WHICH MAY INCREASE THE REACTION SPEED OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES IN THE EVENT OF
            THREATS TO INFORMATION SECURITY;
MARKETING STATEMENT, WHICH DESCRIBES THE DATA THE PROCESSING OF WHICH MAY
            IMPROVE THE PERFORMANCE OF PRODUCTS AND WILL ENABLE AN ASSESSMENT OF USER
            SATISFACTION REGARDING PRODUCT USE;
SEPARATE STATEMENTS RELATING TO SPECIFIC PRODUCT FEATURES, WHICH DESCRIBE THE
            DATA PROCESSED DURING THEIR USE, FOR EXAMPLE, ANTI-SPAM STATEMENT, PURCHASE
            STATEMENT, WEB-PORTAL STATEMENT, AND TECHNICAL SUPPORT STATEMENT. YOU CAN
            FAMILIARIZE YOURSELF WITH SUCH STATEMENTS WHEN YOU TURN ON THE FEATURES IN THE
            PRODUCT.
FOR BUSINESS USERS (B2B):
SECTION "CONDITIONS REGARDING DATA PROCESSING" OF THE EULA, WHICH DESCRIBES THE
            DATA THAT NEED TO BE PROCESSED IN ORDER TO PERFORM OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE
            CONTRACT;
KASPERSKY SECURITY NETWORK STATEMENT, WHICH DESCRIBES THE DATA THE PROCESSING OF
            WHICH MAY INCREASE THE REACTION SPEED OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES IN THE EVENT OF
            THREATS TO INFORMATION SECURITY. FOR SOME PRODUCTS, THE IT ADMINISTRATOR OR ANY
            OTHER EMPLOYEE RESPONSIBLE FOR SETTING UP THE PRODUCT CAN CHOOSE THE VOLUME OF DATA
            TO BE PROCESSED;
SEPARATE STATEMENTS RELATING TO SPECIFIC PRODUCT FEATURES, WHICH DESCRIBE THE
            DATA PROCESSED DURING THEIR USE, FOR EXAMPLE, MARKETING STATEMENT, ANTI-SPAM
            STATEMENT, SUPPLEMENTAL STATEMENT, STATEMENT REGARDING DATA PROCESSING FOR KASPERSKY
            MANAGED PROTECTION, WEB PROTECTION STATEMENT, AND TECHNICAL SUPPORT STATEMENT. YOU
            CAN FAMILIARIZE YOURSELF WITH SUCH STATEMENTS WHEN YOU TURN ON THE FEATURES IN THE
            PRODUCT.
The data obtained for processing depends on the product or service, and it is recommended
    that users carefully read the agreements and related statements accepted during installation
    or usage of software or service.
Some data are non-personal, according to laws of certain countries. Regardless of the type of
    data and territory where data was received or processed, we use the highest standards of
    data protection and apply various legal, organizational, and technical measures in order to
    protect user data, guarantee safety and confidentiality, as well as ensure users' rights
    guaranteed under applicable law.
The data
depends on the products
and
        services
you use, and
could include
the
    following:
License/ subscription information
It is processed in order to recognize legitimate users. This data is needed to maintain
    communication between the product and Kaspersky services – sending and receiving
    product databases, updates, etc.
Product information
Data on the product's operation and its interaction with the user is also analyzed. For
    example, how long does threat scanning take? Which features are used more often than others?
    Answers to these and other questions help developers to improve products, making them faster
    and easier to use.
Device data
Data such as device type, operating system, etc. may be needed so the user doesn't have to
    buy a new license for the security product after reinstalling the operating system. This
    information also helps us to analyze cyberthreats, because it shows how many devices are
    affected by any specific threat.
Threats detected
If a threat (new or known) is found on a device, information about that threat is sent to
    Kaspersky. This enables us to analyze threats, their sources, principles of infection, etc.,
    resulting in a higher quality of protection for every user.
Information on installed applications
This information helps to create lists of harmless applications and prevents security
    products from mistakenly identifying such applications as malicious. This data is also used
    to update and extend program categories for features like Parental Control and Application
    Startup Control. In addition, this information helps us to offer users security solutions
    that best match their needs.
URLs visited
URLs can be sent to be checked whether they are malicious. This information also helps to
    create lists of harmless websites and prevents security products from mistakenly identifying
    such websites as malicious. This data is also used to update and extend website categories
    for solutions like Kaspersky Safe Kids and provide better protection for financial
    transactions in such products as Kaspersky Fraud Prevention. In addition, this information
    helps us to offer users security solutions that best match their needs. Information about
    logins and passwords, if contained in the initial browser request from the user, is removed
    from the visited URL addresses up to the hostname or IP address. In any case, it is not
    Kaspersky's purpose to process user logins and passwords, and Kaspersky takes all reasonable
    and sufficient measures to avoid processing these data.
Operating System events
New malware can often be identified only by its suspicious behavior. Because of this, the
    product analyzes data on processes running on the device. This makes it possible to identify
    early on processes that indicate malicious activity and to prevent any damaging
    consequences, such as the destruction of user data.
Suspicious files and files that could be exploited by intruders
If an (as yet) unknown file, exhibiting suspicious behavior is detected on a device, it can
    be automatically sent for a more thorough analysis by machine learning-based technologies
    and, in rare cases, by a malware analyst. The 'suspicious' category includes mainly
    executable files (.exe). For the purpose of reducing the likelihood of false positives,
    executable and non-executable harmless files or their parts may be sent.
Wi-Fi connection data
This information is analyzed in order to warn users of insecure (i.e., poorly protected)
    Wi-Fi access points, helping to prevent personal data from being inadvertently intercepted.
User contact data
Email addresses are used for authorization on the Kaspersky web portals (My Kaspersky,
    Kaspersky CompanyAccount, Kaspersky Endpoint Security Cloud, etc.), which enables users to
    manage their protection remotely. Email addresses are used to send security messages to
    (e.g., containing important alerts) to users of Kaspersky products. Users can also choose to
    specify the names (or nicknames) by which they would like to be addressed on the My
    Kaspersky portal and in emails. Contact information is provided by users at their own
    discretion.
Dump and trace files
By checking the special box in the product settings, users can also share error reports with
    Kaspersky servers. This information helps (1) during analysis of errors that occurred in the
    product and to modify it accordingly so that it will function more effectively moving
    forward, and (2) in the investigation of infection of a user's computer in order to mitigate
    threats to a user's system.
Emails
During your use of the anti-spam functionality, Kaspersky scans emails and uses information
    about them to protect you from spam and fraud. When you indicate to Kaspersky that an email
    is spam or has been incorrectly identified by the software as spam, you help us analyze it
    and enable a higher quality of protection for users.
Data about stolen device
The Anti-theft feature provides certain remote access and control functions designed to
    protect data on your mobile phone in case of theft, as well allows you to receive
    information about the location of the stolen device. Anti-theft has to store data about your
    phone and approved users for these functions to work.
Data for child protection feature
If a parent or holder of parental responsibility wants to use the child protection feature
    like Kaspersky Safe Kids, he or she can receive information about the child's device and
    information about the child's location. Additionally, the parent or holder of parental
    responsibility can configure parameters in order to block or permit specific websites and/or
    allow or prevent certain applications from running on the child's device. Kaspersky does not
    collect children's data beyond the framework of such feature.
Unique identifier of the mobile device
This device identifier is generated on user device on Android 8 and higher, using the
    Advertising ID of the device. We do not process the Advertising ID in clear text; we process
    only its hash sum. In case user has reset the value of the Advertising ID, the new value of
    the unique identifier of the mobile device will be associated with the old value, which is
    necessary for the correct use of the device with services.
KASPERSKY WILL ONLY PROCESS PERSONAL DATA FOR PARTICULAR, PRE-DETERMINED PURPOSES
        THAT ARE LEGITIMATE WITH REGARD TO APPLICABLE LAW, AND THAT ARE RELEVANT TO KASPERSKY'S
        BUSINESS.
To ensure the performance of a contract with users and to ensure the required
        performance of products and services for customers.
To protect the user from known threats to information security.
To verify that the license is legal.
To update the anti-virus databases.
To increase the effectiveness of the protection of devices, networks, and information
        systems, in particular to provide a faster response to new information and network
        security threats, to increase the effectiveness of the performance of the software's
        protection component, to decrease the probability of false positive.
To detect advanced and previously unknown cybersecurity threats and reduce response
        times to them. More details are available below in the "Threat Intelligence for
        Protection of Cyber Space" section.
To improve user experience and our products and services, including features,
        functionalities, and interfaces.
To provide technical support of products and services for customers and to improve the
        quality of products and services.
To acquire an aggregated overview of products for home users by conducting statistical
        research and analyses. More details are available below in the "Product Statistical
        Research" section.
To provide users with personalized information and offers from Kaspersky, including in
        relation to product features, maintaining security levels, support and other
        help-related materials, as well as Kaspersky and third-party products and services,
        marketing offers, discounts, and promotional materials, based on user interests and
        preferences.
Threat Intelligence for Protection of Cyber Space
New generations of malware appear all the time, many using new, sophisticated techniques to
    bypass existing security solutions. In this constantly shifting environment, protection is
    only as effective as the ability to closely analyze the threat landscape and distill data
    into actionable intelligence for our users. To achieve this, security solutions must apply a
    cloud approach that combines the widest possible scope of threat data handling with the most
    intelligent data processing technologies.
Our infrastructure is designed to receive and process complex global cyberthreat data,
    transforming it into the actionable threat intelligence that powers our products. A key
    source of threat-related data comes from our users. By sharing their data and allowing it to
    be stored and analyzed by artificial intelligence and experts, they help us to ensure that
    users around the world are protected against the newest cyberthreats. In particular, KSN
    helps us to respond rapidly to emerging cyberthreats while delivering the highest possible
    effectiveness of protection and helping reduce the number of false positives.
The amount of data you allow our infrastructure to receive depends on the product used, its
    configuration settings and preferences.
This approach offers numerous benefits for users and cyber space overall, including:
Detection of advanced and previously unknown malware;
Reduced detection errors (false positives);
Significant reduction in response times to new threats.
Product Statistical Research
To better understand how we can improve the experience of current users, develop our products
    and services, determine potential markets, and pursue business opportunities, we perform
    research and conduct statistical analyses to acquire an aggregated overview of products for
    home users. Of course, we do so always for a legitimate reason and with a legal basis. In
    addition, we make sure to implement technical and organizational measures to ensure a high
    level of data protection. For example, when we conduct statistical analysis on data, they
    first undergo a de-identification process for that purpose. This is consistent with our
    privacy principles (see below for more details in the section "Privacy Principles").
Legal Bases for Data Processing
The legal basis we use depends on the purpose of processing personal data, which may be the
    following:
Contract
– according to point (b) of Article 6 (1) GDPR, in cases where
        we have to process certain data necessary to perform a contract, such as when a user
        accepts the EULA to use the software;
Consent
– according to point (a) of Article 6 (1) GDPR, in cases where
        a user chooses to send us data relating to the KSN Statement, Marketing Statement,
        Antispam Statement, Supplemental Statement, Statement regarding Data Processing for
        Kaspersky Managed Protection, Statement regarding Data Processing for Web Control
        (previously called Statement regarding Data Processing for Parental Control), Statement
        regarding Data Processing for Call Filter, Protect a Friend Statement, or Technical
        Support Statement;
Legal obligation
– according to point (c) of Article 6 (1) GDPR, in
        cases where we have to process data to meet legal requirements, such as for tax
        purposes;
Legitimate interest
– according to point (f) of Article 6 (1) GDPR, in
        cases where we have legitimate interests as a cybersecurity company, except where such
        interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the
        user. Such cases include processing scenarios where data undergo de-identification in
        order to increase data protection in preparation for running statistical analyses on
        them, and where personal data is stored in our infrastructure and analyzed for recent
        and potential cyberthreats by using artificial intelligence and/or relying on the
        expertise of our specialists. Recital 49 of the GDPR acknowledges that it is a
        legitimate interest of a company to process personal data to the extent necessary and
        proportionate in order to ensure network and information security. Under certain local
        laws, you may be entitled to exercise rights in respect of your personal data, such as
        those described in the section Your Rights and Options. If you wish to exercise such
        right, please contact us via https://support.kaspersky.com/general/privacy.
LIMITATION OR RESTRICTION DATA PROCESSING
IF YOU CHOOSE NOT TO PROVIDE DATA THAT IS NECESSARY IN ORDER FOR A PRODUCT OR FEATURE TO
    WORK, YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO USE THAT PRODUCT OR FEATURE. THIS OBLIGATORY DATA IS LISTED IN
    THE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT. THE KASPERSKY SECURITY NETWORK STATEMENT OR MARKETING
    STATEMENT CONTAINS A LIST OF DATA THAT USERS CAN DECIDE TO PROVIDE TO US AT ANY TIME BY
    CHECKING THE CORRESPONDING BOX IN THE PRODUCT SETTINGS (THEY CAN ALSO REVERSE THIS DECISION
    WHENEVER THEY CHOOSE).
What we aren't going to process
Through its products and services, Kaspersky never process "sensitive" personal data such as
    religion, political views, sexual preference, or health, or other special categories of
    personal data. We do not wish to receive any such data and will not request it from you.
Kaspersky's products must be installed and used by an adult. Children may use the device
    where Kaspersky's product was installed only with permission from their parents or holder of
    parental responsibility. Except for "Data for child protection feature", we do not intend to
    process personal data of children, nor do we want to receive such personal information of
    children.
Provision of Information
We may only disclose the Information as follows:
Within the Group of Companies Kaspersky.
Data can be shared.
Service Providers.
We also may share your information with vendors that
        provide services to us, including companies that provide web analytics, data processing,
        advertising, e-mail distribution, payment processing, order fulfillment, and other
        services.
Law enforcement or government agency.
Kaspersky has strict principles
        and internal procedures in regard to requests from law enforcement and government
        agencies worldwide. Every request we receive goes through legal verification to ensure
        our compliance with applicable laws and procedures. More detailed information about
        Kaspersky's principles can be found at https://www.kaspersky.com/transparency-center.
Please note that some of our products, for example Kaspersky VPN Secure Connection, use services
    of third parties whose privacy practices differ from Kaspersky's. If you provide personal
    data to any of those services, your data is governed by their privacy statements. You are
    responsible for acquainting yourself with the data processing rules and procedures described
    in the relevant privacy statements.
Where we process Information
The personal data provided by users to Kaspersky can be processed in the following countries,
    including countries outside European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA):
Within the EU or EEA:
Germany
Netherlands
France
United Kingdom
Sweden
Italy
Spain
Romania
Outside of the EU or EEA:
Switzerland
Canada
Singapore
Russia
Japan
USA
Mexico
China
Azerbaijan
Brazil
Argentina
Israel
UAE
South Korea
Australia
Belarus
The list of countries where the data provided by the user may be processed can change. You
    can acquaint yourself with the current list of countries in the version of the Privacy
    Policy on the website
https://www.kaspersky.com/products-and-services-privacy-policy
.
According to our general business practice, the data received from users in the EU are
    processed on servers located in the EU and Russia.
The personal data may be processed at destinations outside the EU or EEA some of which have
    not been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection.
    It may also be processed by staff operating outside EU or EEA who work for us or for one of
    our service providers. In the absence of adequacy decisions or appropriate safeguards
    recognized by the European Commission, there may be risks for the user if the personal data
    is transmitted outside of the EU or EEA.
Whenever data is processed, we use the highest level of standards for data protection and
    apply a variety of legal measures in order to protect user data, guarantee safety and
    confidentiality, and ensure users' rights. To learn more about the European Commission's
    decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal data in the countries where
    Kaspersky processes data, please
    visit: ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/adequacy-decisions_en.
Your Rights and Options
You have certain rights regarding your personal data. We also offer you certain options about
    what personal data you provide to us, how we use that information, and how we communicate
    with you.
In most cases you can choose not to provide personal data to us when you use Kaspersky's
    products, services, and websites. You may also refrain from submitting information directly
    to us. However, if you do not provide personal data when requested, you may not be able to
    benefit from the full range of Kaspersky products and services and we may not be able to
    provide you with information about products, services, and promotions.
You can at any time choose not to receive marketing communications by e-mail, if you have
    previously subscribed to receive them, by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the
    marketing e-mails you receive from us.
If your employer provides your personal data to Kaspersky, you may have certain options with
    respect to Kaspersky's use or disclosure of the information. Please contact your employer to
    learn about and to exercise your options.
To the extent provided by applicable law, you may withdraw any consent you previously
    provided to us, or object at any time on legitimate grounds, to the processing of your
    personal data. We will apply your preferences going forward. In some circumstances,
    withdrawing your consent to Kaspersky's use or disclosure of your personal data will mean
    that you cannot take advantage of certain Kaspersky products or services.
Subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights:
To obtain confirmation that we hold personal data about you;
To request access to and receive information about your personal data;
To receive copies of your personal data that you provided to us, also in a
        machine-readable format and have it sent to another data controller, where technically
        possible;
To update and correct inaccuracies in your personal data;
To object to the processing of your personal data;
To have the information blocked, anonymized or deleted, as appropriate; as well as
To lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
The right to access personal data may be limited in some circumstances by the requirements of
    local law or technological measures, including where the data has been anonymized and
    therefore does not relate to an identified or identifiable natural person. If you wish to
    exercise these rights, you may at any time directly contact us at
https://support.kaspersky.com/general/privacy
.
If you wish to object to data processing or withdraw your consent in cases where you use our
    free products, you must stop using and/or uninstall the product. If you wish to exercise
    your right to remove the already sent data, please contact us directly to request deletion
    via
https://support.kaspersky.com/general/privacy
.
If we fall short of your expectations in processing your personal data or you wish to make a
    complaint about our privacy practices, please relate this to us, as it gives us an
    opportunity to fix the problem. You may contact us by using the contact details provided in
    the "How to Contact Us" section below. To assist us in responding to your request, please
    give full details of the issue. We attempt to review and respond to all complaints within a
    reasonable time.
The Privacy Principles
Personal data processing at Kaspersky is based on the following principles:
Consent and choice
Presenting to the users the choice whether or not to send their personal data except
        where the users cannot freely withhold consent or where applicable law specifically
        allows the processing of personal data without the natural person's consent. The user's
        election must be freely given, specific and made on a knowledgeable basis;
Informing users, before obtaining consent, about their rights under the individual
        participation and access principle;
Providing users, before obtaining consent, with the information indicated by the
        openness, transparency and notice principle; and
Explaining to users the implications of granting or withholding consent.
Purpose legitimacy and specification
Ensuring that the purpose(s) complies with applicable law and relies on a permissible
        legal basis;
Communicating the purpose(s) to users before the information is used for the first time
        for a new purpose;
Using language for this specification which is both clear and appropriately adapted to
        the circumstances.
Data processing limitation
Gathering of personal data to that which is within the bounds of applicable law and
        strictly necessary for the specified purpose(s).
Deleting and disposing or anonymizing of personal data whenever the purpose for personal
        data processing has expired, there are no legal requirements to keep the personal data,
        or whenever it is practical to do so.
Use, retention and disclosure limitation
Limiting the use, retention and disclosure of personal data to that which is necessary
        in order to fulfil specific, explicit and legitimate purposes;
Limiting the use of personal data to the purposes specified by Kaspersky prior to
        receiving the data, unless a different purpose is explicitly required by applicable law;
Retaining personal data only as long as necessary to fulfill the stated purposes (e.g.
        retaining personal data required for the license for the period of the relevant license
        agreement between you and Kaspersky, normally 1 year plus, if applicable, any renewal
        period, depending on the product's license terms), and thereafter securely destroying or
        anonymizing it;
Retaining personal data for as long as necessary in order to fulfill legal obligations,
        comply with laws, resolve disputes, including in cases of litigation, proceedings, or
        investigations;
Retaining personal data for as long as necessary in order to fulfill legitimate
        interests; and
Locking (i.e. archiving, securing and exempting the personal data from further
        processing) any personal data when and for as long as the stated purposes have expired,
        but where retention is required in order to comply with applicable laws.
Accuracy and quality
Ensuring that the personal data processed is accurate, complete, up-to-date (unless
        there is a legitimate basis for keeping outdated data), adequate and relevant for the
        purpose of use;
Ensuring the reliability of personal data provided from a source other than from users
        before it is processed;
Verifying, through appropriate means, the validity and correctness of the claims made by
        the user prior to making any changes to the personal data (in order to ensure that the
        changes are properly authorized), where it is appropriate to do so;
Establishing personal data processing procedures to help ensure accuracy and quality;
        and
Establishing control mechanisms to periodically check the accuracy and quality of
        personal data processing.
Openness, transparency and notice
Providing users with clear and easily accessible information about Kaspersky's policies;
Establishing procedures and practices with respect to the processing of personal data;
Including in notices the fact that personal data is being processed, the purpose for
        which this is done, the types of privacy stakeholders to whom the personal data might be
        disclosed, and the identity of the entity which determines the above and on how to
        contact;
Disclosing the options and means offered by Kaspersky to users for the purposes of
        limiting the processing of, and for accessing, correcting and removing their
        information;
Giving notice to users when major changes in the personal data handling procedures
        occur.
Individual participation and access
Giving users the ability to contact us (by using the contact details provided in the
        "How to Contact Us") and review their personal data, provided their identity is first
        authenticated with an appropriate level of assurance and such access is not prohibited
        by applicable law;
Allowing users (by using the contact details provided in the "How to Contact Us" or by
        using interface of our products and services) to challenge the accuracy and completeness
        of the personal data and have it amended, corrected or removed as appropriate and
        possible in the specific context;
Providing any amendment, correction or removal to personal data processors and third
        parties to whom personal data had been disclosed, where they are known; and
Establishing procedures to enable users to exercise these rights in a simple, fast and
        efficient way, which does not entail undue delay or cost.
Information Security: How We Protect Your Privacy
Information security is Kaspersky's core business. All data and all information provided by
    you is confidential by default. Kaspersky will therefore always apply technical and
    organizational data security measures for the protection of personal data that are adequate
    and appropriate, taking into account the concrete risks resulting from the processing of
    personal data as well as up-to-date security standards and procedures. In order to, among
    other reasons, identify and fulfill the appropriate level of protection, Kaspersky
    classifies processing systems with personal data and implements cascading sets of protective
    measures.
Kaspersky also maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the
    information against loss, misuse, damage or modification and unauthorized access or
    disclosure. Some of the other central features of our information security program are:
The Information Security Department, which designs, implements and provides oversight to
        our information security program;
A determination of personal data safety hazards in the course of processing in a
        Kaspersky processing system;
Application of appropriate information security tools;
Performance evaluation of applied personal data security measures before commissioning
        processing systems;
Implementing controls to identify, authenticate and authorize access to various services
        or websites;
Discovering the facts surrounding unauthorized access to personal data and adopting
        corresponding measures;
Recovery of personal data that was modified or destructed;
Establishing access rules to personal data processed in Kaspersky processing systems and
        also recording and accounting for all actions undertaken with personal data in these
        systems;
Encryption between our clients and servers (and between our various data centers);
We restrict access of our employees and contractors who need to know the information in
        order to process it for us and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality
        obligations, to personal information. They may be disciplined or their contract
        terminated if they fail to meet these obligations;
Monitoring of our systems infrastructure to detect weaknesses and potential intrusions;
Monitoring measures taken to ensure the security of personal data;
Providing Kaspersky personnel with relevant training and continually updating our
        security practices in light of new risks and developments in technology.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, Kaspersky's privacy
    practices or if you would like us to update or remove information or preferences you
    provided to us, please visit
https://www.kaspersky.com/global-privacy-policy
,
    or you may contact our Kaspersky EU representative via e-mail or phone: Kaspersky Labs GmbH,
    Ingolstadt, Germany,
info@kaspersky.de
, +49 (0) 841
    98 18 90, according to point (a) of Article 13 (1) and Article 27 (1) of GDPR, or you may
    contact our Data Protection Officer in the EU, according to point (b) of Article 13 (1) and
    Article 37 (1) of GDPR, as well as for the other countries, via
dpo@kaspersky.com
.
© 2022 AO Kaspersky Lab