All apps respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. Explained below-
I. App Analytics & Privacy.
NOTE – Such Analytics have been removed for all users for apps with users less than 17 years of age.
To help us improve our apps, we are using Flurry Analytics in our apps for crash analysing and statistics in a way that it does not personally identify you. Data analysing of average number of users for a particular language, average number of users for device model, average type of crashes happening to resolve them.
No user account or login is required for using our apps. So no personal information is collected.
II. Advertisement
NOTE – Such Advertisements have been removed from GHOST TALKER V2.2 and above.
Apps have Google ads / facebook audience network ads in our app which support us to create these entertainment apps.
They may collect certain information from apps, including:
IP address, which may be used to estimate the general location of a device.
Non-user related crash logs, which may be used to diagnose problems and improve the SDK. Diagnostic information may also be used for advertising and analytics purposes.
User-associated performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage, which may be used to evaluate user behavior, understand the effectiveness of existing product features, and plan new features. Performance data may also be used for displaying ads, including sharing with other entities that display ads.
A Device ID such as the device’s advertising identifier or other app-bounded device identifiers, which may be used for the purpose of third-party advertising and analytics.
Advertising data, such as advertisements the user has seen, may be used to power analytics and advertising features.
Other user product interactions like app launch taps, and interaction information, like video views, may be used to improve advertising performance.
And User tracking is turned off by default in our apps.
III. Permissions
This section is for apps wherein there is any permission asked. Apps that require any permission from below are-
Anivy – Voice Changer  (Audio Permission)
Face Lie Detector ( Camera Permission)
Naughty or Nice Face Scanner (Camera Permission)
Ghost Talker (Camera Permission)
Gun Fun (Audio Permission)
Apps other than these, covered in this privacy policy do not require such permissions.
a.
Audio Permission
In few of our apps, there is requirement of audio recording permission.
For example, the voice changer app needs your audio recording permission and all the audio is stored on your device only completely private for your own usage.
b.
Camera Permission
In apps, Face Lie detector and Naughty & Nice Face Scanner, apps ask for camera permission, which is just for showing your face to you and even the recording cannot be stored on our app because Apple Library does not allow that. So it will be stored on your iphone in photos only.
In app ghost talker, app shows camera which is on the outside camera to see ghosts. Similarly, the recording cannot be stored in our app as apple library does not allow that.
IV. Problem Resolution
If problems arise, you may contact us via the “Contact us” page or by sending an email to support@enterkit.in
We are committed to resolving issues if any as soon as possible.
This privacy policy covers all our apps –
– Laser guns
– Police Siren Prank 3d
– Anivy – Voice Changer
– Naughty and Nice face scanner
– Are you drunk? Prank
– Baby Toys
– Gun sounds on shake
– Pick up girls prank
– Ghost Talker
– Electric, Spark and Fire Prank
– Freak Whipper- Survival
– Gun Fun