Railboard
Home
Industrial Action
Refunds
Help
Contact
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 5 June 2023
1.
ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
1.1  The
iOS mobile application Railboard
(
Railboard
) is operated by Railboard Ltd ("we", "us", "our"), a company incorporated in England and Wales under company number 10050214. Our registered office is at 71-75 Shelton Street, Covent Garden, London, WC2H 9JQ.
1.2  We are committed to protecting your privacy and complying with our data protection obligations under the Data Protection Act 2018 (the
DPA 2018
), the UK General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the
UK
GDPR
) and any other applicable UK legislation (together,
Data Protection Law
).
1.3  When you interact with us or use Railboard, we act as the data controller of your personal data. This means that we are responsible for processing your personal data and deciding how to use it. This privacy policy explains the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us, why we collect it, what we use it for and what rights you have over that data. Personal data is any information about an identifiable person. Processing is anything we do with your personal data, including using, storing, sharing and deleting it.
1.4  This policy was last updated on the date shown at the top. We may change this policy at any time by posting an updated version here and will make reasonable efforts to bring any material changes to your attention. You may wish to check it before using Railboard as any changes will be effective from the date that they are made.
2.
CONTACT INFORMATION
2.1  If you have any concerns or would like further information about our use of data or this policy in general, you can contact us at
hello@railboard.com
.
3.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
3.1  We collect, store and use the types of personal data set out in the
table at the end of this policy.
4.
HOW WILL WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
4.1  We will use your personal data for the purposes set out in the table at
the end of this policy.
5.
HOW DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
5.1  When we share personal data, we do so in accordance with Data Protection Law. We may share certain personal data, where necessary, with employees, contractors, consultants or advisers, to facilitate sales and for general commercial purposes.
In addition, where necessary, your personal data may be shared:
5.1.1  with group, associated or affiliated companies including Ferries Trains Planes Ltd (trading as Raileasy), for internal administrative purposes.
5.1.2  with parties who provide products or services to us, such as user analytics, email services, payment processing, rating and review services, etc.
5.2  We may also provide third parties with aggregated but anonymised information and analytics about our customers. Before we do so we will make sure that it does not identify you.
5.3  In some cases when we share personal data, it will involve the transfer of that personal data to countries outside the UK which have different data protection standards to those which apply in the UK.
5.4  Where we transfer personal data outside the UK, we will ensure that there are adequate safeguards to protect your privacy rights under Data Protection Law. You can request a copy of the safeguards we have put in place by contacting us using the details in paragraph 2 above.
6.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
6.1  Railboard may contain links to other apps or websites over which we have no control. We are not responsible for and do not review or endorse the privacy policies or practices of other apps or websites which you choose to access from Railboard. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other apps or websites, so you can understand how they collect, use and share your personal information.
7.
YOUR RIGHTS
7.1  We respect your rights to privacy and will respond to requests for access or control over information about you in accordance with Data Protection Law. We may require you to verify your identity before we take any action.
7.2  Depending on the reason we have your personal data, you have a right to:
7.2.1  access the personal information we hold about you (commonly known as subject access);
7.2.2  request that we correct or complete personal information we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete;
7.2.3  request that we erase your personal information in some circumstances, or object to our processing it as detailed at paragraph 7.5;
7.2.4  restrict how we use your personal information, in certain circumstances;
7.2.5  request that we provide you with copies of your personal information in a machine-readable format or transfer it across different services; and
7.2.6  where we have asked for your consent to process your data, to withdraw this consent.
7.3  These rights are limited in some situations under Data Protection Law – for example, where we can demonstrate that we are under a legal obligation to process your data.
7.4  If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the details in paragraph 2 above.
7.5  Your right to object
You have a right to object to our processing of your personal data and ask us to stop doing so. If we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes (which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing) and you object to this, we will stop processing your personal data immediately.
If our processing of your personal data is in the public interest or pursuant to our legitimate interests and you object to this, we will stop processing your personal data unless we have compelling reasons which override your interests, or our use of your personal data is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
7.6  We hope that we can satisfy any queries you may have about the way we process your data. However, if you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities (in the UK, the Information Commissioner's Office). You can call the ICO on 0303 123 1113 or go to their website:
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
).
8.
DATA RETENTION
8.1  Your personal data will only be kept for as long as necessary for our purposes.
9.
DATA PROTECTION PRINCIPLES
9.1  We process your personal data in accordance with the following principles:
9.1.1  we process your personal data lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way;
9.1.2  we collect your personal data for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes; any further processing we do is compatible with the original purposes for which we collected it;
9.1.3  we only process personal data that is adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it is processed;
9.1.4  we take reasonable steps to ensure that all personal data is accurate and kept up to date where necessary;
9.1.5  we do not store personal data in a form that identifies you for any longer than is necessary for the purposes of our processing; and
9.1.6  we process personal data securely and in a way that protects against unauthorised or unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction or damage.
9.2  When we ask for your personal data we will tell you whether you are required by law or contract to provide it, and what will happen if you do not provide the data.
9.3  Any request for consent to the processing of your personal data will be made directly to you and will include information about why we require the personal data and what will be done with it.
10.
WHAT IS OUR LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING?
10.1  We will only process personal data when we have a lawful basis for doing that processing. The table at the end of this policy sets out the lawful basis we rely on for each type of data we process.
10.2  We will choose one of the lawful bases in the UK GDPR to justify how we use your personal data. These are:
10.2.1
Consent
: You have given consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, as detailed in paragraph 7.2.
10.2.2
Contract
: The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract.
10.2.3
Legal obligation
: We need to process your personal data to comply with a legal obligation.
10.2.4
Vital interests
: The processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
10.2.5
Public interest
: Processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of some official authority.
10.2.6
Legitimate interests
: Processing is necessary for the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by us or someone else, except where such interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms requiring the protection of your personal data.
11.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
11.1  We recognise the need to provide enhanced privacy protections for children and we take steps to protect children's privacy, including:
11.1.1  We only collect from children the minimum amount of personal data reasonably necessary for us to deliver our service.
12.
iOS APP PERMISSIONS
12.1  In order to provide features, Railboard may request access to the following iOS app permissions:
12.1.1
Location
: If access is granted, your location information is used to display nearby train stations. Your location information is only ever checked locally against a local database of train station locations; your location is not uploaded to our servers. For information on how to allow or disallow Location access for Railboard, please visit
https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT207092
.
12.1.2
Calendars
: If access is granted, access to your calendars is used to add events for journeys to a calendar. Railboard never reads information from your calendars, access is only ever used to add events to them. For information on how to allow or disallow Calendars access for Railboard, please visit
https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/iphone/iph251e92810/ios
.
TABLE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE USE
The table below sets out detailed information
about the types of personal information we collect, our purposes for processing
and the basis for processing the personal data.
Category of personal data
Purpose of processing
Lawful basis for processing
Name, physical address and phone number
Assist with payment processing
Pass through to our fulfilment provider for Ticket on Departure (ToD) fulfilment
Assist with support requests
Performance of contract
Compliance with legal obligation
Email address
User account management
To send service emails to you, such as booking confirmations, e-tickets and disruption emails
Assist with support requests
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
Performance of contract
Compliance with legal obligation
Legitimate interest in dealing with complaints or claims and improving our products and/or services generally
Payment information
To take payment and give refunds
For fraud prevention and detection
Performance of contract
Compliance with legal obligation
Purchase history
To provide customer service and support and handle refunds
Performance of contract
Device and app usage information
To improve Railboard
Assist with support requests
To protect Railboard against fraud
To set default options for you
Performance of contract
Legitimate interest in maintaining Railboard
Information from linked accounts
To enable you to log on to Railboard simply without having to create a specific account
Legitimate interest in providing high quality customer service
Customer comments and product reviews
To improve our products and services
Where relevant, to establish, exercise or defend legal claims
Performance of contract
Legitimate interest in dealing with complaints or claims and improving our products and/or services generally
Information generated in the course of the use of our products and services
For internal research and development purposes
To improve and test the features and functions of Railboard
Performance of contract
Legitimate interest in maintaining Railboard and improving our products and/or services generally
Information collected through cookies and similar technologies
To conduct and store Railboard usage analytics, statistical and trend analysis and market research
To generate customer profiles to facilitate marketing initiatives
Consent