Global Privacy Statement
DOWNLOAD THE STATEMENT
Privacy
Global Privacy Statement
Select a Language
čeština
dansk
Nederlands
English
eesti
suomi
français
français canadien
Deutsch
ελληνικά
日本語
magyar
italiano
한국어
latviešu
lietuvių
norsk
polski
Português
română
русский
中文(简体)
español
svenska
中文(繁體)
Türkçe
1. Introduction
When it comes to your personal data, Gen Digital Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “Gen Digital”, “Norton”, “LifeLock”, “we”, or “us”), as well as our employees, contractors, and service providers, are committed to providing you with transparency. We process personal data in accordance with applicable legislation.
This Privacy Statement (“Statement”) applies to the Gen Digital websites, services, and products (our “Services”) that link to or reference this Statement. In this Statement, we describe how we collect, process, use and disclose personal data, and your rights and choices regarding our processing of your personal data.
Additional information on our personal data practices may be provided in product descriptions, contractual terms, supplemental privacy statements, or notices provided prior to or at the time we collect your personal data. Please see
https://www.nortonlifelock.com/privacy
for more details.
If you are in the European Economic Area, and unless stipulated otherwise contractually, the Controller of your personal data is:
NortonLifeLock Ireland Limited
Ballycoolin Business Park
Blanchardstown
Dublin 15
Ireland D15E867
2. Categories of Personal Data We Collect:
We collect personal data about you from different sources as listed below. In this Statement, “personal data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual.
Personal Data You Provide to Us
When you interact directly with us, we may collect personal data that you provide to us, including:
User Data.
If you create an account with us, make a purchase, or request information about our product we collect information about you, including:
Account Data
. If you create an account with us, we collect identifiers, such as your name, mailing address, email address, phone number, user credentials (login name and password), and depending on the product purchased may also collect child name and age, emergency contact information, and location identifying labels (such as “home” or “school,” as defined by parent), driver’s license, and date of birth, as well as your audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as your picture (or avatar, if chosen).
Payment Data
. If you complete a purchase for one of our products and services, we collect your billing address, including credit card, debit card, and or PayPal payment data, National ID (region specific, if outside the United States), and VAT/Tax ID (regional specific, if outside the United States), as well as commercial information, such as information about the items you have purchased.
Identity Data
. We collect your date of birth, age, and gender, as well as identifiers, such as your address, email, bank account information, credit/debit card information, mother’s maiden name, insurance information, gamer tag, and other personal details about you, such as your Social Security Number and/or state/government identifier, driver’s license number or other national personal identifier to verify your identity and to provide identify theft monitoring and protection services.
Communications
. If you contact us directly, we collect personal data about you, including identifiers, such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of any message or attachments that you may send to us, and any other information you choose to provide. We may retain and review audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as audio call and chat recordings and/or the contents of the messages as required/permitted by law and our recording and information management policies. We will also collect identifiers from you, such as your email address and phone number, when you sign up to receive product updates, offers, and other promotional information or messages from us. When we send you emails, we may track whether you open them to learn how to deliver a better customer experience and improve our Services.
User Content
. We operate forums, websites, and related information services, to better assist you in using our Services, discussing technical issues, and sharing your experiences. You should be aware that any data you provide in these public forums will be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal data from any forum, contact us
here
. In certain circumstances, we may not be able to remove your personal data, in which case we will let you know why. Please note that your use of these community services may be subject to additional terms and conditions.
Careers.
If you decide that you wish to apply for a job with us, you may submit your contact information and your resume online. We will collect the Professional or Employment-Related Information you choose to provide on your resume, such as your education and employment experience
.
You can find our Applicant Privacy Statement
here
.
Personal Data We Collect Automatically
When you visit and use our websites and Services, we may automatically collect data about your interaction with our websites and Services, including:
Product Data
. If you install our products, we collect information about you, including:
Device Data.
We collect information to facilitate installation and use of our products, including your device and system information such as operating system, device name, browser, network, and applications running on the device. This data can also include internal identifiers such as Wallet ID, Auto bill ID, payment transaction ID, serial numbers, MAC address, Norton Machine ID, account generated unique ID, mobile device IDs (UDID, IMEI, and IDFA), Wi-Fi MAC Address, install identifier, Member ID, and LifeLock ID.
Service Data.
This can include product license information, usage data, and/or preference information, browser activity, and URLs accessed, restoration case number (for filed restoration cases only), complaint case number (for lodged complaint only), parent case numbers (for disputed alerts only). This data may include internet or other electronic network activity information, such as diagnostic data such as crash dumps, system logs, error reports, product and internet usage time, network connection activity, interactions with our websites and extensions, blocked websites, device or phone settings, and reviews from third parties which we collect to, as necessary, to troubleshoot any malfunctioning Services. This data also helps us better understand and better serve your interests, expectations, needs and requirements.
Security Data
. This data may include financial transactions, alert data, and data that is collected for cyber threat intelligence, as needed to provide cyber safety and identity threat protection Services. This data can include URLs and websites visited, executable files identified as malware, application names and versions, your interface and screen activity, and search terms. This data can also include device fingerprint ID from third parties to validate and authenticate payment and transaction information related to billing on accounts
Geolocation Data
. When you use our Services, if you consent via the device interface to sharing the precise geolocation data of your device, we will receive your precise location information. We also infer your more general location information (for example, your IP address or time zone may indicate your more general geographic region).
Network Traffic Data.
We may process internet or other electronic network activity information, such as network traffic data related to cyber and identity threats for network and information security purposes, including:
Sender email addresses (e.g., of sources of SPAM such as phishing scams);
Recipient email addresses (e.g., of victims of targeted email attacks);
Reply-to email addresses (e.g., as configured by cybercriminals sending malicious email);
Filenames and execution paths (e.g., of malicious or otherwise harmful executable files attached to emails);
URLs and associated page titles (e.g., of web pages broadcasting or hosting malicious or otherwise harmful content);
IP addresses (e.g., of web servers and connected devices involved in the generation, distribution, conveyance, hosting, caching, or other storage of cyber and identity threats such as malicious or otherwise harmful content); and
Browser information (e.g., user agent string and session within cookies).
Depending on the context in which such data is collected, the data may contain personal data concerning you or third parties. However, in such cases, we will process the data only to the extent strictly necessary and proportionate to the purposes of detecting, blocking, reporting (by removing any personally identifiable elements), and mitigating the cyber or identity threats of concern or those of other users relying on our Services to protect their networks, systems, and identities. When processing personal data in this context, we will only identify specific data subjects if and to the extent necessary for the remediation of the cyber or identity threats concerned, or as required by law.
Website Data
. When you browse our websites and Services, we automatically collect internet or other electronic network activity information, commercial information, and inferences drawn from personal information about the individual web pages or products that you view, the purchases you make, what websites or search terms referred you to our Services, the dates and times of your visits, and other information about how you interact with our Services. When you browse our websites and services, we may collect personal data using cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons). Please see our
Cookie Statement
for more details.
Personal Data We Collect from Other Sources
Referrals
. We may collect personal data from you about other people, such as personal data about friends and family through customer or employee referrals, or data about family members you include on your account.
When you choose to provide us with personal data about third parties, we will only use this data for the specific stated reason that you provided it. It is your responsibility to abide by applicable privacy and data security laws when you disclose third parties’ personal data to us, including informing third parties that you are providing their personal data to us and how it will be transferred, used, or processed, and securing the appropriate legal permissions and safeguards. If you choose to provide us with a third party’s personal data, you represent that you have the third party’s permission to do so. Examples include forwarding references or sending job referrals. You also acknowledge that when we interact with such third-party individuals whose personal data you share with us, it is our duty to inform them that we obtained their personal data from you. Where applicable, third parties may unsubscribe from any future communication following the link provided in the initial message. If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal data and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us.
Third-Party Data
. This information includes personal data we may obtain about you from a third party through the use of our Services, including:
Credit reporting agencies and financial institutions (used for purposes such as identity theft protection Services);
Enrollment information from your employer (when enrolled with our Services as an employee benefit);
Marketing and joint-marketing partners (used for purposes such as to offer Services and/or joint Service bundles to prospective members);
Public sources such as the dark web to alert you to potential misuse of your personal data; and
Private sources for purposes of providing customers with alerts related to financial transactions, property title, social media abuse, and other types of alerts within our products.
Such data includes threat intelligence data used to analyze threats and protect you, us, and our other customers against cyber threats. This data may include the email and IP address of the sender of malware. Third Party data may also include data reflecting your usage of and engagement with our websites and Services collected by us or third-party analytics providers. This data helps improve the functionality and effectiveness of our websites and Services and may help to better tailor our websites and Service to your usage and preferences. You can find more information about sharing of your personal data with third-party partners in the “When and Why We Disclose Your Personal Data” section below.
We may combine personal data from our partners and third parties with personal data we already have about you, to provide you with more relevant communications and to better tailor our offers to you. We make reasonable efforts to verify that the third parties we work with are reputable, and we do not ask them to disclose your personal data if we do not have a lawful purpose and valid legal basis to collect and process that data.
3. How We Use and Process Your Personal Data
We process your personal data:
Where it is necessary to fulfill our contract
with you at your request, in order to:
Create and manage your account;
Provide you with information and Services that you request;
Authenticate your identity prior to enrolling in our Services;
Verify your identity and entitlement to Services, when you contact us or access our Services;
Process your purchase transactions;
Update you on the status of your orders;
Allow you to register the Services you purchase;
Confirm that you received necessary service and transactional emails;
Manage your subscriptions; and
Provide you with technical and customer support.
Where you have provided your consent
, in order to:
Subscribe you to newsletters and send you product updates or technical alerts;
Send you marketing communications and information on new Services;
Communicate with you about, and manage, your participation in contests, offers, or promotions;
Solicit your opinion or feedback and/or provide opportunities for you to test Services;
Enable you to refer a friend who may be interested in our offerings, as permitted by law;
As applicable, to enable non-essential cookies or similar technologies; and
As applicable, to provide you with interest-based ads about Gen Digital on sites other than our own.
For the purpose of fulfilling our legal obligations,
we may be obligated to, for instance, keep and process records for tax purposes, accounting, other obligations such as court or other legal orders, and other necessary disclosures.
For the purpose of promoting and operating our business and advancing our or a third party’s legitimate interests
, such as the effective delivery of our Services, and communications to you as well as to our other customers and partners, in order to:
Enable participation in interactive features of our Services,
Notify you about changes to our terms or this Privacy Statement;
Communicate commercial promotions and provide quotes for our Services;
Inform you about additional Services that provide solutions to issues detected as a result of your request;
Promote and administer co-branded offers with trusted partners;
Confirm sales conversions and conduct lead generation activities;
Better administer and understand the usability, performance, and effectiveness of our Services websites, and communications to you, including troubleshooting, debugging, reviewing customer service interactions, data analytics, testing, research, and statistical analysis;
Improve our Services (including developing new Services) and customize and present content in the most relevant and effective manner for you and for your device, including suggestions and recommendations about things that may be of interest to you;
*Enhance the security of our own networks and information systems;
*Develop cyber-threat intelligence resources; and
*Otherwise keep our Services, business, and users safe and secure, and comply with applicable laws and regulations or judicial process or government agencies, and to protect or exercise our legal rights and defend against legal claims.
*For Network and Information Security Purposes and Cyber-Threat Intelligence
:
Our legitimate interests include developing threat intelligence resources aimed at maintaining and improving the ability of our information networks and systems to resist unlawful or malicious actions and other harmful events, such as cybercriminal activities, and attempts at identity theft or fraud (“cyber and identity threats”).
We only rely on our or a third party’s legitimate interests to process personal data when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests.
4. When and Why We Disclose Your Personal Data
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and why we disclose personal data to third parties. We do not sell your personal data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those set forth in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). All sections exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties. Data obtained through short code programs will not be shared with any third-parties for their marketing reasons/purposes. We may disclose the categories of personal described above in “Categories of Personal Data We Collect” to the entities and for the purposes described below.
We may disclose personal data about you with your consent, or:
With our Partners
We may provide your personal data to our partners for the purpose of allowing them to conduct Gen Digital business. Our partners may use your personal data to communicate with you and others about Gen Digital Services either alone or jointly with partner products and services. We may provide your personal data to partners to confirm your eligibility for joint or co-branded offers or to communicate and administer such offers (e.g., report sales conversions, verify eligibility, assess effectiveness of joint offer, etc.). Our partners are not allowed to use any data including personal data that they receive from us for any purpose except for communicating, evaluating, improving, and administering the offer in question (Gen Digital branded, co-branded, or joint offer). This will not affect the partner’s ability to use personal data that it may already have obtained from you or other sources. If you do not wish to receive promotional emails from our partners, you can unsubscribe directly using the unsubscribe link or tool provided in the partner’s email or other communication to you.
In the past 12 months since this Statement was last updated, we disclosed the following categories of personal data to our partners: User data, Product data, Website data, Third-party data.
With our Distributors or Resellers
We may provide your personal data to our distributors, resellers, or partners for the purpose of distribution, sale, or management of our products. Our distributors, resellers, or partners may communicate with you about Norton and LifeLock products or services. In addition, you may purchase our products directly from our distributor, a reseller, or an app store. Because your relationship in these cases is with that distributor, reseller, or app store, such third party will also process your personal data.
In the past 12 months since this Statement was last updated, we disclosed the following categories of personal data to our partners: User data, Product data.
With Our Advertising Partners
We engage in personalized (or targeted) advertising in our Services or on other sites when we advertise our Services elsewhere. We may provide or share (as defined by the CCPA) your personal data, including the data about your interests in our Services, to third parties for the purposes of serving you more relevant ads about our Services. Where we provide you with interest-based ads on a site other than our own, we do not track your other activities on that site. If you click on our ads, we will know the domain you came from. For more information, please see our
Cookie Statement
.
In the past 12 months since this Statement was last updated, we disclosed or shared the following categories of personal data to our advertising partners: User data, Device Data, Website data.
With Data Analytics Providers
We may provide your personal data to third parties to use the personal data in aggregate form to help us understand how our Services are being used or to understand the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. Please see our
Cookie Statement
.
In the past 12 months since this Statement was last updated, we disclosed the following categories of personal data to our data analytics partners: User data, Product data, Website data.
With Service Providers Processing Data on Our Behalf
We may use contractors and service providers to process the personal data we collect for the purposes described in this Statement, the relevant Product and Service Privacy Statements, and for business purposes such as financial auditing, data storage and security, troubleshooting and debugging, improving the functionality and usability of our websites and Services, improving and operationalizing threat intelligence and counter-threat measures, and for marketing and promoting our Services.
We contractually require service providers to keep data confidential, and we do not allow our service providers to disclose our data or your personal data to others without our authorization, or to sell it or use it for purposes unrelated to the services they provide (e.g., their own marketing purposes). However, if you have a separate and/or independent relationship with these service providers, their privacy statements will apply to such relationships. Such service providers may include benefit brokers, your employer (for products and services offered as an employee benefit), contact centers, payment card processors, and marketing, survey, or analytics suppliers.
In the past 12 months since this Statement was last updated, we disclosed the following categories of personal data to our service providers: User data, Product data, Website data, Third-party data.
With Payment Processors
If you pay for use of our services, you may use a third-party payment processor to take payment from you. These third parties are properly regulated and authorized to handle your payment information. However, they are independent controllers of your data with their own responsibilities.
Your billing data is processed by the payment processor from whom you purchased the product. Your data is processed according to the relevant processor’s privacy policy.
Payment Processor
Link to Privacy Policy
Google Play Store (for mobile apps)
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Apple Store (for mobile apps)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
With Public Authorities and Legal Proceedings
In certain instances, it may be necessary for us to disclose any of the personal data we collect to comply with a legal obligation, at the request of public authorities, or as otherwise required by applicable law. No personal data will be disclosed except in response to:
A subpoena, warrant, or other legal process issued by a court or other public authority of competent jurisdiction;
Discovery requests or demands as part of a civil lawsuit or similar legal process;
Where disclosure is required to comply with applicable laws, or necessary for us to enforce our legal rights pursuant to applicable law;
A request with the purpose of identifying and/or preventing credit card fraud or identity theft; or
Where disclosure of personal data is necessary to prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat of bodily or other significant harm to the data subject or other individuals potentially concerned.
In the past 12 months since this Statement was last updated, we disclosed the following categories of personal data to public authorities: User data, Product data, Website data.
For Restoration Services
We may disclose your user data, security data, diagnostic information, and third-party data to financial institutions, financial services companies, and other third parties at your direction to provide restoration services and other Services to you.
In the past 12 months since this Statement was last updated, we disclosed the following categories of personal data to financial institutions: User data, product data.
With Third-Party Service Providers
If you access third-party services through our Services, these third parties may be able to collect user data, security data, diagnostic information, and third-party data about you in accordance with their own privacy policies. Some examples include:
Third-Party Login Providers
To register with us or to be able to log into our products, we offer you, in addition to our own procedure, the option to do this via the services Google, and Apple ID. For this purpose, we will redirect you to a page of the corresponding provider. You will share your log in data exclusively with the provider, who in turn exchanges data with us accordingly. Please note that the service provider also receives information from us in this way.
Provider
Links
Apple
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Social Media and Internet Platforms
Our social media monitoring service uses API services from the platforms listed below. Our website and services may also contain links to those platforms. If you use the platforms listed below, your use is subject to the platforms terms of service and privacy policies available through the provided links.
Provider
Links
YouTube
Terms of Service:
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
Privacy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Manage Settings:
https://myaccount.google.com/permissions
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/update
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
Instagram
https://help.instagram.com/581066165581870?helpref=page_content
https://privacycenter.instagram.com/policy
Twitter
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
https://twitter.com/en/tos#update-intlTerms
https://twitter.com/en/tos#update
LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/user-agreement
https://privacy.linkedin.com/
Snapchat
https://snap.com/en-US/terms
https://snap.com/en-US/terms#terms-row
https://values.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center
TikTok
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/us/terms-of-service/en
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/eea/terms-of-service/en
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/row/terms-of-service/en
With Our Corporate Affiliates
We may share the information we collect with our corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, branch offices and other members of our corporate group.
In the past 12 months since this Statement was last updated, we disclosed the following categories of personal data third-party corporate affiliates: User data, Product data, Website data, Third-party data.
For Business Transfers
We may share the personal data we collect in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of a website, a merger, acquisition, consolidation, asset sale, or initial public offering, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
5. Retention and Deletion of Your Personal Data
We will keep your personal data on our systems as long as necessary to provide you with our Services, or for as long as we have another legitimate business purpose to do so, but not longer than permitted or required by law. When determining the specific retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of service provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, and mandatory retention periods provided by law and the relevant statute of limitations. When we no longer have an ongoing legitimate business reason to keep your personal data, your personal data will either be securely disposed of, or de-identified through an appropriate anonymization means. Please see our
Product Specific Privacy Statements
for specific data retention periods.
6. Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Data Among Gen Digital and NortonLifeLock Entities and to Third-Party Vendors
We are a global company and process personal data in many countries. As part of our business, your personal data may be transferred to Gen Digital and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates in the United States, and to subsidiaries and third-party vendors of Gen Digital located worldwide, including NortonLifeLock entities. All transfers will occur in compliance with the applicable data transfer requirements laws and regulations. Transfers of your personal data within Gen Digital and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates are done pursuant to
NortonLifeLock’s Binding Corporate Rules
.
Gen Digital has certified to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the transfer of personal information from the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the United States. Click
here
to access the Gen Digital Inc. Data Privacy Framework Notice.
If your personal data originates from the European Economic Area and is transferred to Gen Digital subsidiaries, affiliates, or third-party vendors engaged by Gen Digital or NortonLifeLock to process such personal data on our behalf who are located in countries that are not recognized by the European Commission as offering an adequate level of personal data protection, such transfers are covered by alternate appropriate safeguards, specifically
Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission
.
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition, or sale of our assets, your personal data may be transferred as part of that transaction.
7. How We Protect Your Personal Data
Securing personal data is an important aspect of protecting privacy. We take reasonable and appropriate physical, technical, and organizational security measures in accordance with applicable laws to protect your personal data against the risk of accidental loss, compromise, or any form of unauthorized access, disclosure, or processing. The relevant security controls are communicated throughout Gen Digital to support the secure development of Services and maintain a secure operating environment. Our security approach includes:
Physical Safeguards
We lock doors and file cabinets, control access to our facilities, implement a clean desk policy, and apply secure destruction to media containing personal data.
Technical Safeguards
We implement and use information security standards, protocols, and technologies, including encryption, intrusion detection, and data loss prevention, and we monitor our systems and data centers to comply with our security policies.
Organizational Safeguards
We conduct regular company-wide as well as role-specific training and awareness programs on security and privacy. If you have any questions about the security of your personal data or the security of the site, or wish to report a potential security issue, please contact
security@GenDigital.com
. When reporting a potential security issue, please describe the matter in as much detail as possible and include any information that might be helpful. If you are having problems accessing your account, please contact our Member Support Center.
8. Your Privacy Rights and Choices
You can view and update your personal data through your Norton Account or LifeLock Portal. There are a variety of data protection laws around the globe that provide privacy rights to you as our customer. Subject to applicable laws, you may have the following rights:
Delete
: Right to delete or erasure (“right to be forgotten”) of personal data we have collected from or about you;
Access
: Right to know and access the personal data we have collected about you, as well as other information about our data processing practices;
Rectify
: Right to rectify, correct, update, or complement inaccurate or incomplete personal data we have about you;
Restrict
: Right to restrict the way we process your personal data;
Withdraw Consent
: Right to withdraw your consent to process your personal data;
Object
: Right to object to our processing of your personal data based on legitimate interest;
Object to Automated Individual Decision-Making:
Right to object to our processing of your personal data in automated individual decision-making;
Equal Service
: Right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your privacy rights, subject to certain limitations;
Opt-Out
: Right to Opt-Out of the sale of personal data, or the Right to Opt-Out of sharing of personal data for cross contextual advertising. U.S. residents can opt out of personalized advertising as set forth here:
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
U.S. residents can also turn on the Global Privacy Control (GPC) to opt out of the sharing of your personal information for cross contextual advertising. Learn more at the
Global Privacy Control
website. You may have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for certain types of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. However, please note that we do not engage in such profiling.
Portability of Personal Data
: Right to obtain a portable copy of your personal data; and
Lodge a Complaint
: Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you are not satisfied with the way we have handled your personal data, or any privacy request, or other request that you have raised with us.
To exercise any of your rights, or to raise any other questions, concerns, or complaints about our privacy practices, or about our use of your personal data and its privacy, or if you are not a customer of ours and want to know what personal data we have about you, please contact us as explained below (“Contact Us”). To exercise your rights under applicable law you can submit a request
here
. You may appeal any decision with regard to your privacy request by contacting us
here
or using the details provided in the “Contact Us” section below.
Once we receive your request, we will verify your identity and your authorization to take the actions requested, authenticating your identity at a level appropriate to the requested action. We require you to re-authenticate before we will disclose or delete personal data. You may be entitled, in accordance with applicable law, to submit a request through an authorized agent. To designate an authorized agent to exercise your privacy rights and choices on your behalf, please contact Gen Digital Support.
Please note that there are exceptions and limitations to each of these rights, and that while any changes will be reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain personal data for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices, although some of the functionality and features available on a Service may change or no longer be available to you where the processing of certain data is essential to the use of the Service or feature.
For information on the CCPA requests we have received, please see
here
.
9. Your Marketing Choices
You may receive marketing messages and materials from us or our affiliates.
You have choices on what communications you wish to receive from us. If you do not want to continue receiving any marketing materials from us, you have the following options:
Click on the unsubscribe function in the communications you receive from us;
Unsubscribe from Norton and LifeLock Marketing Offers
;
Manage your communication preferences in your Norton Account or LifeLock Portal;
Contact our Member Services Department at 1-800-543-3562; or
Contact our Member Services Department by regular mail at Attn.: Member Services, 60 East Rio Salado Parkway, Suite 1000, Tempe, AZ 85281.
If you choose not to receive marketing communications from us, we will honor your request.
However, we will continue to communicate with you as needed to provide the Services you are entitled to, to respond to your inquiries, or to otherwise relay transactional product or service-related messages.
Please also be aware that you may still receive information about our Services through other parties using their own mailing lists. For instance, marketing materials for our Services may also be contained in messages you receive from third parties, such as your employer if they offer our Services as part of their employee benefits.
How to Opt-Out of Interest-Based Advertising
We partner with third parties to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. You may Opt-Out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). For more information and available choices for third-party ad networks participating in the NAI and DAA programs, please visit their respective websites:
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
(NAI) and
www.aboutads.info/choices
(DAA). If you are in the European Union, you may also do so by visiting Your Online Choices (click
here
). Please note that if you Opt-Out, you will continue to receive generic ads not based on your interests. Opting out of these networks does not otherwise limit the collection of information described elsewhere in this Statement.
Note: If your browser is configured to reject cookies when you visit the opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different computer, or change web browsers, your opt-out may no longer be effective.
10. Contact Us
Please visit our Privacy Center for
data subject rights requests
.
Gen Digital Inc. – Privacy Team
60 East Rio Salado Parkway, Suite 1000
Tempe, AZ 85281
Email:
nll_privacy@GenDigital.com
Member Services: 1-800-543-3562
NortonLifeLock Ireland Limited –Privacy Office
Ballycoolin Business Park
Blanchardstown
Dublin 15
Ireland D15E867
Email:
nll_privacy@GenDigital.com
Independent EU GDPR Data Protection Officer
Pembroke Privacy Ltd
4 Upper Pembroke Street
Dublin 2
Ireland DO2VN24
Email:
DPO@GenDigital.com
11. Cookies and Third-Party Analytics
Please read our
cookie and analytics notice
for more information about how we use these tools.
12. Automated Individual Decision-Making and Profiling
Where Gen Digital processes network traffic data for the purpose of network and information security based on our or our customers’ legitimate interest as outlined in the corresponding section of this Statement, automated decisions concerning data elements may occasionally be made. This could involve assigning relative cybersecurity reputation scores to IP addresses and URLs based on objective cyber-threat indicators measured by our and our partners’ cyber-threat detection engines. Such indicators may be, for instance, the determination that malicious or otherwise harmful contents are hosted at a given URL or are coming from a given IP address. Such automatically assigned reputation scores may be leveraged by you, by Gen Digital, by our partners, and by other customers to detect, block, and mitigate the identified cyber threats. They could therefore result in our Services blocking network traffic coming from or going to such URLs and IP addresses. This processing is intended only to protect you, Gen Digital, our partners, and our other customers from cyber threats. If you consider that such automated processing is unduly affecting you in a significant way, please contact us as explained above (“Contact Us”) to raise your concerns or exercise your right to object and to seek our help in finding a satisfactory solution.
13. Children’s Privacy
Our websites are not directed to, nor do we knowingly collect data from, minors (as defined by applicable law) except where explicitly described otherwise in the privacy notices of Services designed specifically for purposes such as to assist you by providing child online protection features. In such cases, we will only collect, and process personal data related to any child under 13 years of age that you choose to disclose to us or otherwise instruct us to collect and process. We also do not sell or share personal information of consumers under 16 years of age. Please refer to the
Product Specific Privacy Statements
for additional information.
14. Changes to this Statement
We reserve the right to revise or modify this Statement. In addition, we may update this Privacy Statement to reflect changes to our personal data processing practices. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, process, use and/or disclose your personal data previously collected from you through our Services, we will attempt to notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. In the case of a material change to our personal data processing practices, any such change will only apply on a going-forward basis. We will not process the personal data currently in our possession in a materially different way without your prior consent. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
15. Links to Other Websites
Our websites may contain links to other websites owned or operated by other companies. If you visit any linked websites, please review their privacy statements carefully. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of websites that are owned by those third parties. Our websites may also link to co-branded websites that are maintained by Gen Digital and one or more of our business partners who are collecting your personal data pursuant to their own privacy practices. Please review the applicable privacy statements on any co-branded site you visit, as they may differ from ours.
16. Disclaimer
This Privacy Statement does not apply to Gen Digital affiliates: (1) Avira Operations GmbH & Co. KG., including its related entities; (2) ReputationDefender LLC; (3) Avast Software sro, including its related entities. These entities maintain separate privacy statements which can be found on their respective websites.
LAST UPDATED: April 6, 2024
Back to Top
About NortonLifeLock
|
Careers
|
News
|
Sitemap
|
Legal
|
License Agreement
|
Privacy
|
Cookies
|
Accessibility Policy
|
Contact Us
|
System Status
|
Privacy Settings
© 2019–2023 NortonLifeLock Inc. All rights reserved. NortonLifeLock, the NortonLifeLock Logo, the Checkmark Logo, Norton, LifeLock, and the LockMan Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of NortonLifeLock Inc. or its affiliates in the United States and other countries.
Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
United States
© 2019–2023 NortonLifeLock Inc. All rights reserved. NortonLifeLock, the NortonLifeLock Logo, the Checkmark Logo, Norton, LifeLock, and the LockMan Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of NortonLifeLock Inc. or its affiliates in the United States and other countries.
Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.nortonlifelock.com/us/en/privacy/:
NortonLifeLock and Avast have merged. Introducing Gen™: A newly formed company with the single purpose to power Digital Freedom >
Learn More
Norton’s Privacy Center provides access to our Global Privacy Statement, our Product and Service Privacy Notices, and our Data Subject Request form. These links let you know what personal data we collect, the purpose for that collection, how and why we share that information, your data subject rights, and many other details related to Norton’s commitment to data privacy protection and transparency.
Norton Global Privacy Statement
Our Privacy Statement provides an overview of what categories of personal data we collect, the purpose for processing that information, how and why that information may be shared, and other privacy topics related to your personal data.
Learn More
Product and Service Privacy Notices
Our Product and Service Privacy Notices provide further details about the personal data collected by or in connection with your use of Norton products and services.
Learn More
Data Subject Requests
Depending on your location, you may have certain data subject rights such as those offered under GDPR, CCPA, or other similar regulations.
Learn More
Applicant Privacy Notice
Our Applicant Privacy Statement explains how we use your personal information when you apply to work here.
Learn More
Data Protection Agreements
Partners and vendors can find the preferred data processing agreements here.
Learn More
Cookies & Third Party Analytics Information
Information about cookies and third party analytics partners.
Learn More
Contact Us
If you have questions or complaints about our use of your personal data and its privacy, please choose the appropriate channel to contact us:
Norton users:
Contact
your local support helpline
Gen Employees:
Former Gen, Avast, Avira, NortonLifeLock and Symantec Employees
Current Employees and Employees on a Leave of Absence
Other Persons
who are not current Norton customers or employees but have general privacy inquiries or complaints should contact us at the location of their choice indicated below:
Americas
Gen Digital Inc. – Privacy
60 East Rio Salado Parkway, Suite 1000
Tempe, AZ 85281
Email:
nll_privacy@gendigital.com
Member Services: 1-800-543-3562
Europe – Middle-East – Africa
NortonLifeLock Ireland Limited – Privacy
Ballycoolin Business Park
Blanchardstown
Dublin 15
Ireland
Email:
nll_privacy@gendigital.com
Independent EU GDPR Data Protection Officer
Pembroke Privacy Ltd
4 Upper Pembroke Street
Dublin 2
Ireland DO2VN24
Email:
DPO@gendigital.com
Back to Top
About NortonLifeLock
|
Careers
|
News
|
Sitemap
|
Legal
|
License Agreement
|
Privacy
|
Cookies
|
Accessibility Policy
|
Contact Us
|
System Status
|
Privacy Settings
© 2019–2023 NortonLifeLock Inc. All rights reserved. NortonLifeLock, the NortonLifeLock Logo, the Checkmark Logo, Norton, LifeLock, and the LockMan Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of NortonLifeLock Inc. or its affiliates in the United States and other countries.
Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
United States
© 2019–2023 NortonLifeLock Inc. All rights reserved. NortonLifeLock, the NortonLifeLock Logo, the Checkmark Logo, Norton, LifeLock, and the LockMan Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of NortonLifeLock Inc. or its affiliates in the United States and other countries.
Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
This site uses cookies.
Learn more
about how and why.
OK
|
Settings
In order to provide with the best experience possible we might sometimes track information about you. Sometimes this may involve writing a cookie. We use this information for things like experience enrichment, analytics and targeting advertising. We recommend allowing these functions to get the most out of your experience.
ANALYTICS
These technologies collect information that is used in aggregate form to help us understand how our websites are being used are being used or to help us continuously improve our websites.
> See list of analytics cookies
Google Tag Manager
Google Analytics
mPulse
Adobe Audience Manager
AirPR
IO
Google Tag Manager
Google Analytics 4
Hubspots
forms-na1.hsforms.com
ADVERTISING
These technologies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
> See list of advertising cookies
Outbrain
Facebook
Google Ads
Bing Ads
Twitter Ads
Amazon Ads
Twitter Conversion
Twitter Ads
Twitter Conversion Tracking
Yahoo Advertising Solutions
Proofpoint
LinkedIn Widget
LeadsRx, Inc.
Google Ads
Google Doubleclick
SOCIAL MEDIA
These technologies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our websites through third party social networking and other websites.
> See list of social media cookies
Facebook Connect
Youtube
Pinterest
LinkedIn Widget
Youtube
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
PERFORMANCE AND FUNCTIONALITY
These technologies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our websites but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
> See list of performance and functionality cookies
Cloudfare
Cloudfront
Moxie eHost
Google Fonts
Moxie Chat
Cloudfare
Amazon AWS
Akamai
Glance CoBrowse
Adobe Audience Manager
Quantummetric
Medallia
Youtube
Adobe Target
Glance
Akamaih
Cloudfront
Cancel
Save
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
JavaScript is required to view this content.
Something went wrong.
The content for this page did not load correctly. Reload the page to try again.
Reload Page
Choose a Topic
Privacy Policy
Apple ID and Family Sharing Disclosure
Privacy Governance
Government Information Requests
Manage Your Account
Sub-policy 3
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 4
https://privacycenter.instagram.com/policy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Instagram on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Instagram, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Instagram on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Instagram, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 5
https://twitter.com/en/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 6
https://privacy.linkedin.com/:
linkedin-logo-full
linkedin-logo-icon
logo-404-front
logo-404-back
LinkedIn logo
LinkedIn logo
LinkedIn logo
LinkedIn logo
LinkedIn logo
LinkedIn logo
LinkedIn logo
LinkedIn logo
LinkedIn logo
LinkedIn logo
LinkedIn logo
LinkedIn logo
Skip to main content
Close jump menu
Without our members, there is no LinkedIn.
This is the place you come to build professional relationships, explore new opportunities and find success with the help of your LinkedIn communities. To explore your full potential on LinkedIn, we know you need to trust us with your personal data. We are committed to working hard every day to maintain that trust.
Privacy
settings
Read more
Privacy
FAQs
Read more
Privacy
policy
Read more
Regional info
(GDPR, CCPA, LGPD)
Read more
Our privacy philosophy
At LinkedIn, our core value is “members first.” That value guides us as we aim to provide clarity to our members, act consistently and give our members control. That means we say what we do, do what we say, and offer you, our members, control over the data we collect and how it will be used and shared.
dismiss
Cancel
Sub-policy 7
https://values.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center:
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Center
Privacy Principles
Privacy by Product
Privacy Policy
Teens on Snapchat
Snap and Ads
Privacy Through Security
Your Privacy, Explained
Privacy policies tend to be pretty long — and pretty confusing. That’s why we did our best to make our
Privacy Policy
brief, clear, and easy-to-read!
You should read our entire Privacy Policy, but when you only have a few minutes or want to remember something later on, you can always take a look at this summary — so you can learn or recall some of the basics in just a few minutes.
What We Do at Snap
At Snap, our mission is to empower people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together.
To provide our Services and make them better, we learn some things about you to personalize your experience when you use Snapchat, Bitmoji, and our other Services. For example, if we know it’s your birthday, we can send you and your friends a Lens to help celebrate! Or, if we see that you’re spending a day at the beach, we can make sure your Bitmoji is dressed for the occasion. Nice, right?
Another way we provide a personalized Service is through the ads we show — it’s also one of the ways we are able to provide fun, safe, and innovative online spaces, without charge. We use some of what we know about you to serve ads you might be interested in — when you might be interested in them. For example, if you’ve been watching a lot of Stories about fashion, we might show you ads for the latest style of jeans. Or if you’ve clicked on a bunch of ads for video games, we might keep those ads coming! But we also use your information to avoid showing you ads you probably won’t like. For example, if a ticketing site tells us you’ve already bought tickets for a movie — or if you bought them through Snapchat — we can stop showing you ads for it.
Learn more
.
How You Control Your Information
Want to update your account information or change who can watch your Story or see you on Snap Map? Just go to your settings in the app. Curious about your information that's not in the app? Go
here
to download your data. If you ever want to leave Snapchat and delete your account for good, we have tools for that too.
Learn more
.
How We Gather Information
First, we learn from whatever information you choose to give us. For example, when you set up a Snapchat account, we learn your birthday, email address, and the unique name you’d like to go by — your username.
Second, we learn about you when you use our Services. So, while you may not tell us you’re a sports fan, if you’re always watching basketball highlights on Spotlight and your Bitmoji is wearing your team colors, it’s a safe guess.
Third, we sometimes learn about you from other people and services. For example, if a friend uploads their contact list, we might see your phone number. Or, if you tap on an ad for a video game, the advertiser may let us know that you installed it.
Learn more
.
How We Share Information
When we share information, it’s usually because you ask us to — like when you want to add a Snap to Spotlight or Snap Map or send a Chat to a friend. Some of your information, like your username and Snapcode, is visible to the public by default.
We also share information within the
Snap family of companies
, with
business and integrated partners
that help us provide our Services, when we think it’s required by law, and when we believe it's needed to protect the safety of Snapchatters, us, or others.
For most everything else, you’re in control!
Learn more
.
How Long We Keep Information
Snapchat is about living in the moment. That's why when you send a Snap or Chat to a friend, our system is designed to delete it by default after it's viewed or expires (depending on your settings). Still, we may keep messages when you or a friend asks us to, like when you save a message in Chat or a Snap to Memories.
And remember: Snapchatters can always take a screenshot!
Other information may be kept for longer. For example, we store your basic account information until you ask us to delete it. And we’re constantly collecting and updating information about the things you might like and dislike, so we can provide you with better content and advertisements.
Learn more
.
How You Can Learn More
Have a look at our full
Privacy Policy
!
Did you know
Privacy by Product
provides more information on specific features, and we’ve also created a ton of
support pages
to help you learn how different parts of the app work?
Still can’t find what you’re looking for? Don’t worry, just
reach out to us
and our friendly support team will get back to you!
Sub-policy 8
https://www.nortonlifelock.com/privacy/product-privacy-notices/:
Privacy
Product Privacy Notices
Select a Language
čeština
dansk
Nederlands
English
eesti
suomi
français
français canadien
Deutsch
ελληνικά
magyar
italiano
日本語
한국어
latviešu
lietuvių
norsk
polski
Português
română
русский
中文(简体)
español
svenska
中文(繁體)
Türkçe
Enrollment and Billing
Product Specific Transparency Statements
In our ongoing quest for transparency, Norton publishes these product and service-specific privacy notices to provide detailed information about how and why our products and services collect, process, and share your personal data. For more information about our data processing practices and any rights you may have, please see our
Global Privacy Statement
.
Norton Security Products (desktop)
Norton 360 Mobile Apps
Norton AntiTrack
Norton Password Manager / Norton Safe Web Plus (Mac App)
Norton VPN Products
Norton Utilities Premium / Norton Utilities Ultimate
Norton Family
Norton Genie
Norton Ultimate Help Desk
Norton Computer Tune-Up
Norton Driver Updater
Norton Mobile Security
NortonLive Spyware and Virus Removal
Norton Safe Web / Norton Safe Web Plus (Mac App)
Norton Safe Search
Norton Private Browser
Norton Home Page
Norton Password Generator
Privacy Monitor and Privacy Monitor Assistant
LifeLock / Identity Advisor
Dark Web Monitoring
SurfEasy
Norton Safe Email
Norton Money 360
HomeShield Pro
Norton Security Products (desktop)
Norton Security Products provide endpoint security which defends against ransomware, viruses, spyware, malware, scams and other similar online threats. The scope of the services depends on the version of your product, and it may also include additional services and features such as VPN services, Safe Email, Dark Web Monitoring, Parental Control (Norton Family), Privacy Monitor, Password Manager, AI Assistant (Norton Genie), Identity Protection features, as well as scam insurance and restoration services.
Security products include Norton 360, Norton AntiVirus, Norton Internet Security, Norton One, Norton Small Business, Norton Security Protection, and Norton Security On-The-Go, and Norton Power Eraser (a free virus removal tool). Norton Security Products are also offered as a bundled product with other Norton products.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Security Data may include
:
Emails reported as potential threats (1 year)
Malware Detections chosen to be reported (up to 3 years)
File backups as selected by User (if purchasing/using Norton Online Backup) (encrypted)
Security Data
: This data is processed to deliver the product by evaluating for potential security risks and/or blocking emails, enforcing the rules and policies defined by the User for their controlled profiles, and helping the User detect misuse of Personal Data associated with such profiles. Additionally, emails and malwares files provided by Users help in improving the product’s detection rate and reducing false positives.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP Address (36 months)
Approximate Location derived from IP address (50 months)
Device Data may include
:
Product Serial Number (while active or 36 months)
Internal installation identifiers (50 months)
Operating system version and settings (50 months)
Device manufacturer and model (50 months)
Device names and/or assigned names (50 months)
Device identifiers including MAC address (while active or 50 months)
Internal Device identifiers - Norton Machine ID (36 months)
Other security software and apps running on the device, including our apps (36 months)
Browsers installed and default browser (50 months)
Security Data may include
:
URLs/Websites visited and associated metadata (36 months)
Files identified as potential or known malware (36 months)
Application names and versions (36 months)
File metadata including file paths (36 months)
Security statistics such as number of detections etc. (6 months)
Service Data may include
:
Network data and connection activity (36 months)
User interactions with Norton websites and Norton extensions download pages (26 months)
Emails if Norton Safe Email is enabled (not stored by default; with your consent, we can store suspicious email messages for in-depth analysis and to keep our detection models up to date for 30 days in raw form, then we remove personal identifiers)
Events and product usage such as number and result of scans, detections, error logs and screen flows (50 months)
Failure diagnostics including crash dumps and system logs (36 months)
Location Data
: This data is used to determine appropriate language settings for communicating with you and for determining country of origin for threats detected.
Device Data
: This data is used and generated internally at Gen for the purpose of tracking account activity between internal company systems, applications, and architecture. It is also used to deliver the product in accordance with your device(s) as well as tracking and determining trends in threats detected and communicating about potential solutions to detected threats.
Security Data
: This data is used to deliver the product by alerting you to potentially malicious applications, malware, URLs and links and by informing you about site safety and blocking browsing to unsafe websites, improving the detection of malware and cyber-threats (e.g., through file sample analysis), and pursuing general cybersecurity research.
Service Data
: This data is used to understand product usage and to further develop and improve the product performance, communicating about potential solutions to detected threats as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Failure diagnostics including crash dumps and system logs (36 months)
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of understanding product usage and improving the product.
Norton 360 Mobile Apps (Android and iOS)
Norton 360 mobile applications (“Norton 360 App”) are designed to provide protected Users’ and their selected smartphone and tablet devices with protection against digital threats and allow Users to keep digital information private and secure over the network and monitor their identity. The scope of the services depends on the version of your product, and it may include Safe SMS, Safe Call (provided in cooperation with Hiya Inc.) and Safe Email features as well as an AI Assistant (Norton Genie), scam insurance and restoration services.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data and How Long We Keep It
Data You Provide:
If purchasing the Norton 360 App through the eStore, please see the Norton Enrollment Process for additional information. If purchasing through the Apple AppStore or Google PlayStore, please see the below information.
Account Data may include
:
Email (while active or 36 months)
Norton account password (while active or 36 months)
Country (while active or 36 months)
Security Data may include
:
User feedback related to detected calls (not connected to you)
Account Data
: This data is processed to administer the account including establishing and authenticating it as well as communicating with you and providing services connected with your account.
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of the functionality of call filtering and evaluation of caller reputation in cooperation with Hiya Inc. It is also used to fix bugs, improve the detection models and to create, use and store aggregated statistics derived from call information to help us analyze unsolicited calls. The information is, however, not connected to you.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include
:
IP Address (36 months)
Mobile device identifiers (while active or 36 months)
Internal identifiers including installation ID (50 months)
Device name and type (while active or 36 months)
Operating system platform and version (while active or 36 months)
Approximate Location derived from IP Address (50 months)
Security Data may include
:
Files identified as potential or known malware (36 months)
File metadata including file paths (36 months)
Applications including characteristics such as permissions, signing certs, package and library info, app versions (36 months)
File and application data (limited to App store data, applications downloaded, and browsing data. iOS devices will also collect malicious links from calendar invites) (36 months)
Web-browsing and URLs accessed (36 months)
If the Safe SMS (SMS security) is enabled, text messages with URLs or sent by senders not in your contact list are collected and analyzed for threats. The text messages are not connected to our customers. These texts may include data such as: phone numbers, emails, crypto, or other identifiers associated with the text message. Includes identifiers offered to user as target for user’s requested response. (texts stripped off the personal identifiers together with URLs and other sender identifiers are stored up to 5 years)
Emails if Norton Safe Email is enabled (not stored by default; with your consent, we can store suspicious email messages for in-depth analysis and to keep our detection models up to date for 30 days in raw form, then we remove personal identifiers)
Call information and threat detection data (for Safe Call feature) – incoming phone numbers, line type, country (for incoming non-contact calls); time, length and disposition of phone call (36 months, incoming phone number removed after 30 days)
Security statistics such as number of detections (12 months)
Service Data may include
:
Events and product usage such as number and result of scans, detections, network service information, download and use frequency, log data) (36 months)
Error reports/crash dumps (36 months)
Device/phone settings (including but not limited to device model and manufacturers) (50 months)
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you. It is also processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) as well as tracking and determining trends in threats detected and communications about potential solutions to detected threats.
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by alerting you to potentially malicious applications, malware, URLs and links (including links in emails, text messages or data downloaded to SD cards), communicating about potential solutions to detected threats as well as improving the app security feature (malicious malware and applications blocking feature and SD card are only available on the Android OS).
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance, communicating about potential solutions to detected threats as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Reporting data based on metadata collected by product (limited to number of Users by general geolocations/regions, and operating systems) (25 months)
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton AntiTrack
Norton AntiTrack is an app and browser extension that keeps your online activities and digital footprint private. Its key features help to obscure your identity from tracking and fingerprinting attempts made by browsers and individual websites.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include
:
Norton AntiTrack does not require you to provide any data outside of the enrollment and billing processes.
If you choose to use the Private Email feature, you may provide additional email addresses (36 months)
Account Data
: Norton AntiTrack does not require you to provide any data outside of the enrollment and billing processes, so no additional personal data is processed.
Data We Collect/Access:
Service Data may include
:
Browser activity (not stored)
Cookie origin domain (not actual content of cookies) (not stored)
Reported URL problems (36 months)
Domain with trackers and fingerprints that user reviewed, added or removed from exclusion for detection through the app (36 months)
Emails, if Private Email is enabled (not stored)
Crash/hang dumps and Error reports (90 days)
Reporting data based on metadata collected by product (36 months)
Usage data to assist with debugging a problem with the service (36 months)
Usage information (36 months)
Aggregated statistics about trackers and fingerprints blocked (36 months)
License identifier (36 months)
Device Data may include
:
Operating system version and language (36 months)
Web browser name, version, language (36 months)
Service Data
: This data is used to deliver the services and features that you have selected. This data is processed for the purposes of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Reporting data based on metadata collected by product (e.g., number of Users by browser types, general geolocations/regions, and operating systems) (36 months)
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of understanding product usage and improving the product.
Norton Password Manager/ Norton Safe Web Plus (Mac App)
Norton Password Manager has five variants: (1) a component of the Norton Security product and plugin for Internet Explorer browser; (2) browser extensions for all major browsers except Internet Explorer; (3) mobile apps for Android and iOS; (4) a web application requiring no additional installation of software or browser extensions; and (5) Norton Safe Web Plus is a Mac app that supplies the functionality of Norton Password Manager and Safe Web. All variants are a password manager which manages usernames, passwords, and other information useful for performing online activities.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include
:
Username(s) (while active or 6 months)
Password(s) (while active or 6 months)
Phone number (while active or 6 months)
Physical address(es) (including city, state, and postal code) (while active or 6 months)
Additional payment information (Credit/Debit Card Information, specifically account numbers, card type, and expiration dates; bank account number and name of bank) (while active or 6 months)
Gender (including title) (while active or 6 months
Additional email(s) (while active or 6 months)
Date of birth (while active or 6 months)
Freeform notes / text (while active or 36 months)
Account Data
: This data is provided by you if you choose to and is collected for the purposes of delivering the product functionality including conveniently filling web forms with this data and examining the data for security risks.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
Geolocation (26 months)
Device Data may include
:
Web browser type/version (26 months)
Product version and preferred language (26 months)
Operating system (Including version or platform) (26 months)
Website domains for stored logins (while active or 36 months)
Free form text (as provided by User) (while active or 36 months)
Service Data may include
:
Metadata (including number of accounts stored with products and number of websites visited, number of product features used) (26 months)
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of determining appropriate language settings for communicating with the User and for reporting about product usage based on general location.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and by providing login services and analyzing product usage.
Service Data
: This data is for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Security Data may include
:
Potentially compromised passwords (specific usernames/passwords are never known to Gen services nor to third parties) (while active or 36 months)
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by identifying and informing you of potentially compromised passwords stored within your device(s).
Norton VPN Products
Norton VPN products safeguard the User’s data by encrypting the User’s information on any Internet connection to prevent the ability of third parties to monitor browsing activities. The service does not log users' browsing history, traffic information, or IP addresses used to access the Internet via our services. This notice applies to the VPN provided in Norton VPN Standard, Norton VPN Plus, Norton VPN Ultimate and Norton 360.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include
:
Norton VPN does not require Users to provide any data outside of the enrollment and billing processes
Account Data
: Norton VPN services do not require Users to provide any data outside of the enrollment and billing processes, so no additional personal data is processed.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include
:
Install and device identifier (while active or 36 months)
Device name and type (while active or 36 months)
OS version (while active or 36 months)
Language (while active or 36 months)
Security Data may include
:
Aggregate bandwidth usage (limited to the number of bytes transferred using the service) (while active or 36 months)
Diagnostic Data may include
:
Error state in installation/usage of app (Install Identifier from app to give error status) (while active or 36 months)
Data to assist with debugging connectivity problems (device identifier from app) (7 days)
Crash reports (24 months)
Connection and application events (24 months)
Timestamps (35 days)
VPN Service Data may include
:
Data to monitor compliance with the terms of use (if suspicious patterns are detected or blocked: device identifier from app, frequency of abuse of services) (7 days)
Application Data may include
:
License identifier (while active or 36 months)
IP address (not stored)
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product and content in accordance to your device(s).
Security Data
: This data is used for billing the account for the product used as well as network operations and support.
Diagnostic Data
: This data is used for research and development to improve products and services and to better protect your network, devices, data, and identity.
VPN Service Data
: This data is used to prevent abuse of services, to protect our network, and ensure compliance with the terms of use.
Application Data
: This data is used for the purpose of (a) delivering the product by selecting the most appropriate server to connect to, and (b) to prevent abuse of services to protect our network and ensure compliance with the terms of use.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Reporting metadata on product and application usage (while active or 36 months)
Service Data
: This data is used to help us understand product usage and to further develop and improve product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton Utilities Premium
Norton Utilities helps analyze, configure, optimize, and maintain a computer of the User to keep it running like new. It also includes the Cloud Cleaner feature that helps users manage their cloud storage (optimize, remove duplicates) by checking metadata associated with stored files and pictures. Files and pictures are not downloaded or stored by us. To connect to Google Drive, we need to ask Google for permission to use its APIs. Google allows companies to use its APIs only if they undertake to limit its use of information accessed through the APIs. As a result, Product’s use and transfer to any other product of information received from these Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include
:
Norton Utilities does not require Users to provide any information outside of enrollment and billing processes
Account Data
: Norton Utilities does not require Users to provide any information outside of enrollment and billing processes.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
Device Data may include
:
Activation data (limited to status of installation of product on device) (not stored)
Device ID (not stored)
Service Data may include
:
File meta data - checksum, archive_state, created_date, modified_date, folder_path, file_name, file_size, file_type, file_id and thumbnail_link (24 hours)
User reviews/feedback (not stored)
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you.
Device Data
: This data is used for the purpose of providing the service and delivering the product in accordance with your device(s).
Service Data
: This data is used for the purpose of providing the service and understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Metadata based on User reviews/feedback (not stored)
Service Data
: This data is used for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton Family
Norton Family helps protect Users and their devices with parental controls applied through User-defined and User-managed protection settings and features.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include
:
Child name (while active or 60 days)
Restriction level (child’s age range) (while active or 60 days)
Picture (for avatar, if chosen) (while active or 60 days)
Restriction settings as determined by parent (while active or 60 days)
Emergency contact information (such as parent’s phone) (while active or 60 days)
Location identifying labels (such as “home” or “school,” as defined by parent) (while active or 60 days)
Account Data
: This data is provided by you and is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by helping you to supervise the online activities on your protected device(s) and helping to enforce your defined rules for the online activities on your protected device(s).
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
Parent’s time zone (while active or 60 days)
Child’s geolocation (as permitted by region, and if enabled by parent) collected in the background (while active or 60 days)
Device Data may include
:
Child’s operating system platform and version (36 months)
Installation status of the Norton Family client software on subscriber or protected User’s device (36 months)
Child policy configurations as determined by parent (36 months)
Device name (while active or 60 days)
Device name, type, language, hardware, software, and application inventory (only applicable to Android mobile devices) (36 months)
Browser type and version (36 months)
Device identifiers such as IDFA (only applicable to iOS mobile devices (36 months)
Security Data may include
:
Setting configurations deviations performed by child (while active or 60 days)
Application exception and workflow failure logs (12 months)
URLs visited by child and search terms (while active or 60 days)
Device usage time (while active or 60 days)
Application usage time (while active or 60 days)
Service Data may include
:
Crash logs for PC (36 months)
Product usage telemetry (limited to pages visited with Product) (12 months)
License ID, status, and entitlement information (while active or 60 days)
Location Data
: This data is processed to determine appropriate language settings for communicating with you and delivering the product by helping you to supervise the location of your protected device.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s), helping you to supervise the online activities on your protected device(s), and helping to enforce your defined rules for the online activities on your protected device(s). Device identifiers are used to track information about app usage such as which in-app events a user triggers.
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) as well as improving the product’s installation success rate by providing input for research and development to improve products and services to better protect your network, devices, data, and identity.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Crash logs for mobile devices (90 days)
Metadata reports on product usage (12 months)
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton Genie
Norton Genie is scam detection technology, that helps to identify scams and keep you safer from financial fraud and identity theft. Norton Genie will analyze a message, email, social post or website in seconds to look for signs of a potential scam. Norton Genie can also provide tips on what to do next, and answer follow-up questions you might have.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Security Data may include
:
Screenshots and images of suspected scams which could be photos, emails, social posts, web sites, text messages and all information contained in them (30 days)
Original text, email or image submissions and any personal information contained in the submission including metadata (e.g. email headers) (30 days)
Text submissions and text extracted from image and text submissions with personal data removed from the submission (1 year)
Phone numbers from submissions (30 days)
Apple ID, for beta testers only (3 years)
Service Data may include
:
User conversations. Questions or anything you submit to the app (36 months)
Email addresses from which you send the submissions (30 days)
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of detecting scams, evaluating potential security risks, and helping to assess risks involved in the submitted information. Additionally, submissions provided by Users help in improving the product’s scam detection rate.
Apple ID is used to assist with testing and development of the product.
Service Data
: This data is processed for effective functioning of the product and for the purpose of responding to the questions or other inputs and for improving the quality of future conversations.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP Address (not stored)
Device Data may include
:
Internal installation identifier (while active or 36 months)
Device operating system (while active or 36 months)
Security Data may include
:
Submission Timestamps
Extracted submission content including malicious URLs
Extracts of submissions determined to be unknown or suspected to be malicious. These include data that may identify the malicious sender: phone numbers, emails, crypto, or other sender identifier types. Includes identifiers offered to user as target for user’s requested response. (up to 5 years since the last sighting for suspected malicious data and false-positive data, or 1 year since sighting for unclassified data, forever if the number is also publicly available and classified)
Service Data may include
:
Failure diagnostics including crash dumps and system logs (36 months)
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of determining the country, and city of the user and to identify scam locations to improve scam detection rates.
Device Data
: This data is used for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) as well as tracking and determining trends in threats detected.
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by alerting you to potentially malicious submissions and for improving the detection of scams (e.g., through file sample analysis), and pursuing general cybersecurity research.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Security Data may include
:
Submissions of other users of the product (30 days)
Phone numbers from publicly available sources (as long as necessary for the service)
Service Data may include
:
Failure diagnostics including crash dumps and system logs (36 months)
Reporting data based on metadata collected by product (limited to number of Users by general geolocations/regions, and operating systems) (25 months)
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by alerting you to potentially malicious submissions and for improving the detection of scams (e.g., through file sample analysis), and pursuing general cybersecurity research.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton Ultimate Help Desk
Norton Ultimate Help Desk allows the User to contact an expert to assist with technical issues ranging from network setup to device diagnostics and troubleshooting. All personal data processed for this product is not connected to your Norton account unless you choose to do so.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed
Data Use and Processing
Data You Provide:
Account Data, if chosen may include
:
Issue description and details
Account Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product by communicating with you and identifying the root causes of the issues posed.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include
:
Operating system and settings
Security settings (e.g., active firewall, antivirus software)
System configurations (e.g., active ports, hosts file, installed programs, active processes, open memory, log file, and registry data)
Service Data may include
:
Scan statistics (e.g., number of scanned files, number of threats found, fixed, or remaining and date and time of scan)
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and identifying the root causes of the issues posed.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Norton Ultimate Help Desk does not collect/access personal data from third parties as part of its services.
Norton Ultimate Help Desk does not collect/access personal data from third parties as part of its services.
Norton Computer Tune-Up
Norton Computer Tune-Up is a feature within Norton Ultimate Help Desk, that helps to keep the User’s device running like new, using diagnostics.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Collected
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data if chosen may include
:
Issue description and details
Account Data if chosen may include
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product by communicating with you and identifying the root causes of the issues posed.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include
:
Operating system and settings
Security settings (e.g., active firewall, antivirus software)
System configurations (e.g., active ports, hosts file, installed programs, active processes, open memory and CPU utilization, log file and registry data)
Service Data may include
:
Scan statistics (e.g., number of scanned files, number of threats found, fixed, or remaining, and date and time of scan)
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and identifying the root causes of the issues posed.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Norton Computer Tune-Up does not collect/access personal data from third parties as part of its services.
Norton Computer Tune-Up does not collect/access personal data from third parties as part of its services.
Norton Driver Updater
Norton Driver Updater
provides scan and potential update or fix of outdated drivers on a users’ PC to optimize it for better performance and avoid potential crashes or malfunctions.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
No personal data provided directly except for what is required for enrollment and payment.
No personal data provided directly except for what is required for enrollment and payment.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include:
Device information such as type, vendor, model, manufacturer, version (12 months)
Device identifiers (12 months)
Driver information such as versions, updated dates, names, matching device id, driver rank, driver flags (12 months)
Service Data may include:
Events and product usage information (12 months)
Scan statistics (12 months)
Location Data may include:
IP address (not stored)
Device Data:
This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and identifying the root causes of the issues posed.
Service Data:
This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as to ensure continuous functionality (installations, versions, updates, settings) and map how users interact with our product.
Location Data:
This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s), determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you, and reporting about product usage based on general location.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
This product does not collect data from third parties.
This product does not collect data from third parties.
Norton Mobile Security
Norton Mobile Security provides protection for smartphones and tablets against digital threats.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
If purchasing the Norton Mobile Security through the eStore, please see the Norton Enrollment Process for additional information. If purchasing through the Apple AppStore or Google PlayStore, please see the below information.
Account Data may include
:
Email (while active or 36 months)
Norton account password (while active or 36 months)
Country (while active or 36 months)
Account Data
: This data is processed to administer the account including establishing and authenticating your account as well as communicating with you.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include
:
Mobile device IDs (UDID, IMEI, and IDFA) (while active or 36 months)
Device name and type (including Wi-Fi MAC Address) (while active or 36 months)
Operating system platform and version (while active or 36 months)
Security Data may include
:
File and application data (limited to app store data, applications downloaded, and browsing data. Android devices will also collect calendar and SD contents) (3 years)
Web-browsing and URLs accessed (3 years)
User interface and screen activity (limited to keyword tags and actions) (25 months)
Service Data may include
:
Usage information (e.g., network service information, download and use frequency, log data) (12 months)
Error reports/crash dumps (90 days)
Device/phone settings (including but not limited to device model and manufacturers) (90 days)
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you.
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by alerting you to potentially malicious applications, malware, and links (including links in emails or data downloaded to SD cards) as well as improving the app security feature (malicious malware and applications blocking feature and SD card are only available on the Android OS).
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Reporting data based on metadata collected by product (limited to number of Users by general geolocations/regions, and operating systems) (25 months)
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
NortonLive Spyware and Virus Removal
NortonLive Spyware and Virus Removal is a one-time product that remediates one (1) virus per device to help get the device running again. NortonLive Spyware and Virus Removal is offered as a feature as part of the Norton Security products but may also be purchased as a separate one-time service. All personal data processed for this product is not connected to your account, unless you choose to do so.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data if chosen may include
:
Issue description and details
Account Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product by communicating with you and identifying the root causes of the issues posed.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include
:
Application names and versions
Norton machine ID (anonymized)
Operating system information
Security settings (e.g., active firewall, antivirus software)
System configurations (e.g., active ports, hosts file, installed programs, active processes, open memory, log file, and registry data)
Service Data may include
:
Crash dump information (specifically related to Norton product crash)
Scan statistics (e.g., number of scanned files, number of threats found, fixed, or remaining, and date and time of scan)
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and identifying the root causes of the issues posed.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
NortonLive Spyware and Virus Removal does not collect/access personal data from third parties as part of its services.
NortonLive Spyware and Virus Removal does not collect/access personal data from third parties as part of its services.
Norton Safe Web (Website, Browser Extension, Mac App) and Norton Safe Web Plus (Mac App)
Norton Safe Web is a website that displays risk information for various websites. It also manages a community of online Users, offering the ability for Users to submit their own website ratings and provide comments on website ratings. The community features also display statistics for the community and a site rating (e.g., the most ratings by Users, the most-rated websites). The Norton Safe Web website also manages services for website owners to register their ownership and perform rating review requests. Users may use the website without supplying any data if they wish to browse and view website rating information. To participate in the User community or with the site owner features, Users must have a Norton Account (see Norton Enrollment process).
Norton Safe Web/Safe Web Plus is also a browser extension and Mac app that monitors browsing activity and web page content for unsafe risks. It uses reputation services and web page content analysis to help protect the User from malicious website content, phishing, and other threats. This extension includes features that permit browsing of potentially risky websites in a special isolation mode to help provide additional protection. This extension also helps protect Users from unsafe website access when using your webmail and social media websites.
All personal data proceed for this product is not connected to your Norton account.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Norton Safe Web does not require Users to provide any data outside of enrollment and billing processes. Norton Safe Web can be used as a free extension tool. If used as such, no User Data is required to be provided.
Norton Safe Web does not require Users to provide any data outside of enrollment and billing processes. Norton Safe Web can be used as a free extension tool. If used as such, no User Data is used or processed.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address
Device Data may include
:
Web browser type/version
Product version and preferred language
Operating system (including version or platform)
Browser application and settings
Security Data may include
:
Browsing activity
Service Data if enabled by User may include
:
Metadata (limited to number of blocked websites and number of unsafe websites clicked)
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s), determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you, and reporting about product usage based on general location.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of product functionality in delivering the product in accordance with your device(s).
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product functionality by informing you about site safety information and/or blocking unsafe websites.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as measure usage trends.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Reporting data based on metadata collected by product (e.g., number of Users by browser types, general geolocations/regions, and operating systems)
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton Safe Search (Website and Browser Extension)
Norton Safe Search (website) is a search website that helps protect the User from unsafe websites by filtering search results and providing website safety ratings to the User to provide a safer web browsing experience. Norton Safe Search (browser extension) has two variants. The first variant overrides the browser’s default search engine to the Norton Safe Search website. The second variant performs the same search engine override but also combines the features of the Norton Safe Web and Norton Home Page browser extensions into a single browser extension.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Norton Safe Search does not require Users to provide any data outside of enrollment and billing processes. Norton Safe Search can be used as a free extension tool or website. If used as such, no User Data is collected.
Norton Safe Search does not require Users to provide any data outside of enrollment and billing processes. Norton Safe Search can be used as a free extension tool or website. If used as such, no User Data is used or processed.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address
Device Data may include
:
Product version and preferred Language
Operating system (including version or platform)
Browser type, version, and settings
Security Data may include
:
Browsing activity
Search terms
Service Data may include (if User permission is given to enable product telemetry)
:
URL of blocked websites
Metadata (e.g., number of blocked websites and number of unsafe websites clicked)
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s), determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you, and reporting about product usage based on general location.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s).
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by informing you about site safety and/or blocking unsafe websites, and tailoring ads to your interests.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Reporting data based on metadata collected by product (e.g., number of Users by browser types, general geolocations/regions, and operating systems)
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton Private Browser
Norton Private Browser is a web browser with security features such as Web Shield, which helps block fake and dangerous websites, URLs, downloads, and scams. The browser also includes Privacy Guard to help block ads and trackers as you browse, and Norton Coupons, which scans the websites you visit to find available coupons to help you generate savings while shopping online. Norton Coupons is provided in cooperation with NextGen Shopping, LLC.  Norton Private Browser search functionality includes advertising provided by third-party ad networks. Search ad clicks are managed by Microsoft's ad network. Further information on Microsoft privacy is available
here
.
Norton Private Browser gives you the option to use Norton Safe Search as your search engine, which flags safe and potentially dangerous results in your search.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
This product does not require Users to provide any data to use the product
This product does not require Users to provide any data to use the product.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include:
Account, Device, and or Installation Identifiers (36 months)
Google Client ID, Android ID, Firebase Analytics ID (36 months)
Location (36 months)
Information concerning the computer or device (36 months)
Applications on the device (36 months)
Network connection type, number of devices in network (36 months)
Security Data may include:
Subset of URLs and referrers (36 months)
Malware samples, suspicious files (3 years)
IP Address (not stored)
Service Data may include:
IP Address (not stored)
Browsers (installed, default) (36 months)
Other products/licenses on the device and their status (36 months)
Extensions installed in the browser (36 months)
Event logs, crash logs and error logs (36 months)
In-Product messaging parameters (36 months)
Basic information about your shopping cart (cart amount subtotal and total, discount value and applied promo code details) for websites on which you applied Norton Coupons, including the merchant’s domain (36 months)
By default, Private Browser for Desktop processes locally on your system the following data:
Browsing history information; for example, Private Browser for Desktop may store the URLs of pages that you visit, a cache of text, images, and other resources from those pages. If the pre-rendering feature is turned on, a list of IP addresses linked to those pages may also be stored for some period of time
Name, surname, email, or passwords to help you fill out forms or signs into sites you visit
Permission that you have granted to websites
Cookies or data from websites that you visit
Data saved by add-ons
Record of what you downloaded from websites
IP addresses are not stored, only used for product localization and analytics purposes based on approximate location (city/country level)
Device Data:
This data is used and generated internally at Gen for the purpose of tracking account activity between internal company systems, applications, and architecture. It is also processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s), and to introduce new features or products based on previous experience. Location is used to set up proper product language version for Windows
Security Data:
This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by informing you about site safety and blocking browsing to unsafe websites, improving the detection of malware and cyber-threats (e.g., through file sample analysis), and pursuing general cybersecurity research.
Service Data:
This data is processed for the purposes of recognizing what features should be enabled or disabled, what product should be installed or uninstalled, to better understand user’s behavior, to provide import functionality, to improve user onboarding and product experience, and for understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
No data is collected from Third Parties
No data is collected from Third Parties
Norton Home Page
Norton Home Page provides a search box to initiate searches using the Safe Search engine (which provides safety information for search results), controls to access popular websites quickly, and links to topical informational articles covering security news and updates. All personal data processed for this product is not connected to your account.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Norton Home Page does not require Users to provide any User Data.
Norton Home Page does not require Users to provide any User Data, as such no User Data is processed.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
Device Data may include
:
Product version and preferred language
Operating system (including version or platform)
Browser type and version and settings
Security Data may include
:
Search terms
Service Data may include (if User has provided permission to access)
:
Feature usage telemetry
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s), determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you, and reporting about product usage based on general location.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s).
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by informing you about site safety information and/or blocking unsafe websites, and tailoring ads to your interests.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Reporting data based on telemetry collected by product (e.g., number of Users by browser types, general geolocations/regions, and operating systems).
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton Password Generator
Norton Password Generator is a free service offered in select countries or as a feature to Norton Password Manager that generates a random strong password for any individual to use for their applications, devices, or any other accounts.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Norton Password Generator does not require Users to provide any data outside of enrollment and billing processes.
Norton Password Generator does not require Users to provide any data outside of enrollment and billing processes.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
Geolocation (26 months)
Device Data may include
:
Web browser name (26 months)
Version and preferred language (26 months)
Operating system (including version or platform) (26 months)
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s), determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you, and reporting about product usage based on general location.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s).
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Norton Password Generator does not collect/access personal data from third parties as part of its services.
Norton Password Generator does not collect/access personal data from third parties as part of its services.
Privacy Monitor and Privacy Monitor Assistant
The Privacy Monitor product searches a pre-defined list of data broker websites for member personal information, and then presents the member with the results. Members can then manually opt out of identified data broker websites individually. Privacy Monitor is currently embedded in some LifeLock and Norton products.
The Privacy Monitor Assistant provides an agent-assisted process to opt out members from the data broker websites. This may involve accessing content of your e-mail inbox for the purposes of clicking on verification links sent to you by the data broker websites. Privacy Monitor Assistant is offered as an add-on or stand-alone product.
The Online Account Cleanup feature is a cloud-based service which scans emails from supported providers and provides you with the opportunity to request removal of your data by companies who send you emails. This feature uses information about e-mail and its content for its functionality. To connect to Gmail accounts, we need to ask Google for permission to use its APIs. Google allows companies to use its APIs only if they undertake to limit its use of information accessed through the APIs. As a result, Product’s use and transfer to any other product of information received from these Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include:
First name (while active or 36 months)
Middle name (while active or 36 months)
Last name (while active or 36 months)
City (while active or 36 months)
State (while active or 36 months)
Identity Data may include
:
Date of Birth (while active or 36 months)
Driver’s license (optional) (while active or 90 days)
Authorized Agent appointment (optional) (while active or 30 days)
Date of birth
Email
Phone number
Address
First and last name
Digital signature
Account Data
: This data is processed to establish and authenticate your account and to communicate with you. Your data is also used to deliver the services and features that you have selected.
Identity Data
: This data is used to deliver the services and features that you have selected.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include
:
Member ID (while active or 36 months)
LifeLock ID (while active or 36 months)
Service Data may include
:
Usage data to assist with debugging a problem with the service (12 months)
Service Data Collected from your email provider, if you enable this
:
In order to check your email, we download it whole, together with metadata. We keep it in our systems only during the processing, we don't store it. (seconds)
Subject of emails (28 days)
When an email is detected to be a commercial email, the following data is collected:
hash of the userID
email subject
sender email address
domain address of sender
Unsubscribe links within the email
Device Data
: This data is used for the purpose of delivering services.
Service Data
: This data is processed to deliver product services and functionality, and to allow understanding of product usage and telemetry, to further develop and improve product performance.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Identity Data may include:
First name (12 months)
Middle name (12 months)
Last name (12 months)
City (12 months)
State (12 months)
Date of birth (12 months)
Driver’s license (optional) (90 days)
Relatives’ names (12 months)
Service Data Collected from your email provider, if you enable this
:
In order to check your email, we download it whole, together with metadata. We keep it in our systems only during the processing, we don't store it. (seconds)
Subject of emails (28 days)
When an email is detected to be a commercial email, the following data is collected:
hash of the userID
email subject
sender email address
domain address of sender
Unsubscribe links within the email
When an email is detected to be a data broker website email with a verification link, the following data is collected:
Verification link within the email
Identity Data
: This data is collected for the purpose of determining and displaying what User Data is contained on certain third-party websites.
Service Data Collected from your email provider
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering product services and functionality. This data is not shared with third-parties.
LifeLock Identity Protection / Identity Advisor / Home Title Protect
The LifeLock Identity Protection Services may include identity monitoring, theft protection, dark web monitoring, financial, credit and social media monitoring, and identity restoration services to customers. The LifeLock Product is also offered as a bundled solution with the Norton Security Products. Identity Advisor is a related LifeLock product offered outside of the United States which offers a subset of the identity protection services that LifeLock offers and can be offered as a bundled solution with the Norton Security Products or as a separate product. Depending on the jurisdiction, it may also include services such as: ID Vault (monitoring and securely storing identity documents or other documents), Privacy Advisor and Scam Verification Specialist features. Home Title Monitoring is included as a feature of LifeLock and is also offered as a separate product called Home Title Protect with more functionality.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include
:
Name (while active or 36 months)
Email (while active or 36 months)
LifeLock account password (while active or 36 months)
Phone number (while active or 36 months)
Social Security Number or other National Personal Identifier (while active or 6 months)
Physical address (while active or 36 months)
Date of birth (while active or 6 months)
Billing address (while active or 36 months)
Payment information (depending on method can include Credit/Debit Card Information or PayPal account) (while active or 6 months)
Power of attorney (if purchasing LifeLock Senior) (while active or 36 months)
Identity Data may include
:
Name (while active or 36 months)
Email (while active or 36 months)
Phone Number (while active or 36 months)
Social Security Number or other National Personal Identifier (while active or 6 months)
Physical address (while active or 36 months)
Date of birth (while active or 6 months)
Alternate physical address (while active or 36 months)
Alternate phone address (while active or 36 months)
Bank account information (while active or 6 months)
Driver’s license number (while active or 6 months)
Alternate Credit/Debit Card information (while active or 6 months)
Mother’s maiden name (while active or 6 months)
Verbal passcode (while active or 6 months)
Insurance number/information (while active or 6 months)
Social account information (while active or 6 months)
Child’s name (if purchasing LifeLock Junior) (while active or 36 months)
Child’s Social Security Number (if purchasing LifeLock Junior) (while active or 6 months)
Child’s date of birth (if purchasing LifeLock Junior) (while active or 6 months)
Child’s address (if purchasing LifeLock Junior) (while active or 36 months)
Child’s email address (if purchasing LifeLock Junior) (while active or 36 months)
Childs phone number (if purchasing LifeLock Junior) (while active or 36 months)
Service Data:
Texts – for Scam Verification Specialist feature (screenshots of suspicious texts or emails) (while active plus 24 months)
Account Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of establishing and authenticating your account, as well as communicating with us. Your data is also used to deliver the services and features that you have selected.
Identity Data
. Your data is also used to deliver the services and features that you have selected.
Service Data
. This data is used to deliver the services and features that you have selected.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
Geolocation (26 months)
Device Data may include
:
Member ID (while active or 36 months)
Device ID (26 months)
Operating system version and settings (26 months)
Device manufacturer and model (26 months)
Device names and/or assigned names (26 months)
Web browser name and version (12 months)
Preferred language (while active or 36 months)
Security Data may include
:
Credit scores (while active or 36 months)
Credit reports (while active or 36 months)
Bank transactions (while active or 36 months)
Alert information (limited to data elements selected for monitoring by the User) (36 months)
Photos – for ID Vault features (documents such as photos of identity documents, credit cards, driver’s license and passports) (while active plus 180 days)
Service Data may include
:
Restorations case number (for filed Restorations cases only) (while active or 36 months)
Complaint case number (for lodged complaints only) (while active or 36 months)
Parent case number (for disputed alerts only) (while active or 36 months)
Applications error reports (12 months)
Crash dumps logs (12 months)
App-related usage data (while active or 36 months)
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of establishing and authenticating your account, as well as communicating with you. This data is also used to deliver the services and features that you have selected.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you. It is also processed for the purposes of delivering product services as well as communications about potential solutions to detected threats.
Security Data
: This data is used to monitor your identity by providing the alerts you have set up on your account which can help protect you when potentially fraudulent activity is detected or for other services that you have selected. It is also processed for the purposes of delivering product services as well as communications about potential solutions to detected threats.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance, communicating about potential solutions to detected threats as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Identity Data may include
:
Verified name (not stored)
Verified Social Security Number (not stored)
Verified physical address (not stored)
Verified date of birth (not stored)
Security Data may include
:
Credit scores (not stored)
Credit reports (not stored)
Bank transactions (not stored)
Alert information (limited to data elements selected for monitoring by the User) (not stored)
Service Data may include
:
Reporting metadata on product and application usage (not stored)
Identity Data
: This data is processed by our third-party service providers to help us verify and authenticate you before we enroll you. Some third-party service providers may assist you in creating a new account with us or helping you to log into your account with us.
Security Data
: This data is processed by our third-party service providers to monitor your identity and provide monitoring and protective alerts based on the features you select within our products. It is also processed for the purposes of delivering product services as well as communications about potential solutions to detected threats.
Service Data
: This data is used for the purpose of helping us to further understand the usage and develop and improve the performance of our products.
Dark Web Monitoring
Dark Web Monitoring provides search services to Users to identify and detect personal information on the dark web and provide an alert back to the Users. Dark Web Monitoring is also offered as a feature of the LifeLock Products.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include
:
Name (only if previously purchased through a LifeLock product offering) (while active or 36 months)
Email (while active or 36 months)
Preferred language (while active or 36 months)
Identity Data may include:
Email (while active or 36 months)
First phone number (while active or 36 months)
First physical address (while active or 36 months)
Alternative email address (while active or 36 months)
Alternate phone number(s) (while active or 36 months)
Alternate physical address(es) (while active or 36 months)
Bank account information (while active or 6 months)
Credit/debit card information (while active or 6 months)
Mother’s maiden name (while active or 36 months)
Insurance information (while active or 36 months)
Loyalty Card information (while active or 36 months)
Driver’s license number (while active or 6 months)
Passport number (while active or 6 months)
Social Security Number or other National Personal Identifie (only if previously purchased through a LifeLock product offering) (while active or 6 months)
Date of birth (only if previously purchased through a LifeLock product offering) (while active or 6 months)
Gamertag (while active or 36 months)
Account Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of establishing and authenticating your account, as well as communicating with you. Your data is also used to deliver the services and features that you have selected, including the search criteria for the product within the dark web.
Identity Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the services and features that you have selected, including the search criteria for the product within the dark web.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
Geolocation (26 months)
Device Data may include
:
LifeLock member ID (if previously purchased through a LifeLock product) (while active or 36 months)
Norton GUID (if previously purchased through a Norton product) (while active or 36 months)
Member GUID (while active or 36 months)
Web browser name and version (12 months)
Device ID (26 months)
Operating system version and settings (26 months)
Service Data may include
:
Applications error report (12 months)
Crash dumps logs (12 months)
App-related usage data (12 months)
Location Data
: This data is processed to determine the appropriate language setting to communicate with you.
Device Data
: This data is used for the purpose of delivering services. It is also processed for the purposes of delivering product services as well as communications about potential solutions to detected threats.
Service Data
: This data is used for the purpose of helping us to further understand the usage and develop and improve the performance of our products. It is also processed for the purposes of delivering product services as well as communications about potential solutions to detected threats.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Security Data may include
:
Alert information (limited to dark web monitoring) (while active or 36 months)
Analytics reports (while active or 36 months)
Security Data
: This data is used to provide alerts to you about personal information that is found on the dark web. It is also processed for the purposes of delivering product services as well as communications about potential solutions to detected threats.
SurfEasy
SurfEasy VPN protects the User’s devices and safeguards the User’s data by encrypting the User’s information on any internet connection and preserving the User’s privacy.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
User Data may include
:
SurfEasy VPN does not require Users to provide any data outside of the enrollment and billing processes
User Data
: SurfEasy VPN does not require Users to provide any data outside of the enrollment and billing processes, so no additional personal data is processed.
Data We Collect/Access:
User Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
Install identifier (while active or 36 months)
License identifier (while active or 36 months)
Administrative Data may include
:
Device name and type (while active or 36 months)
OS version (for mobile devices only) (while active or 36 months)
Language (while active or 36 months)
Security Data may include
:
Aggregate bandwidth usage (limited to the number of bytes transferred using the service) (while active or 36 months)
Diagnostic Data may include
:
Data to assist with debugging connectivity problems (device identifier from app) (7 days)
VPN Service Data may include
:
Data to monitor compliance with the terms of use (if suspicious behavior is detected or blocked: device identifier from app, frequency of abuse of services) (7 days)
Application Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
User Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the content in accordance with your device(s) and determining the appropriate language settings for communicating with you.
Administrative Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product to your device(s).
Security Data
: This data is used for the purposes of billing the account of the product used as well as network operations and support.
Diagnostic Data
: This data is used for research and development to improve products and services and to better protect your network, devices, data, and identity.
VPN Service Data
: This data is used for the purpose of prevent abuse of services, to protect our network, and ensure compliance with the terms of use.
Application Data
: This data is used for the purpose of (a) delivering the product by selecting the most appropriate server to connect to, and (b) to prevent abuse of services to protect our network and ensure compliance with the terms of use.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Diagnostic Data may include
:
Reporting metadata on product and application usage (while active or 36 months)
Diagnostic Data
: This data is used for the purpose of understanding the product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton Safe Email
Norton Safe Email
is a cloud-based service which monitors emails from supported providers for potential threats. By default, we don’t store the emails, but we create and store non-personal numeric representations of the text to detect potential scam and other unwanted messages. You can allow us to store the whole email message (EML file with message metadata) we identified as suspected malicious by consenting to it in the product. This helps us keep better detections and improve the protection against scams. Our human reviewers may check the email message in case it is needed to investigate the accuracy of our detections (esp. in case of false negatives or false positives). Suspicious messages in the raw form are stored for 30 days and then we remove personal identifiers and keep them in our malware database. To connect to Gmail accounts, we need to ask Google for permission to use its APIs. Google allows companies to use its APIs only if they undertake to limit its use of information accessed through the APIs. As a result, Product’s use and transfer to any other product of information received from these Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Connection to the email account you wish to monitor.
To allow the product to monitor emails for threats.
Data We Collect/Access:
Security Data may include
:
Malicious URLs and referrers (36 months)
Malware samples, suspicious files (36 months)
Service Data may include:
IP Address of SMTP mail servers (36 months)
In order to check your email, we download it whole, together with metadata and attachments. By default, we keep it in our systems only during the processing, and we don't store it, but we create and store non-personal numeric representations of the text to detect potential scam and other unwanted messages. If you consent, we can store suspicious email messages for in-depth analysis and to keep our detection models up to date (30 days in raw form, thereafter personal identifiers removed)
Subject of emails (28 days)
Malicious identifiers (URL, phone, email, crypto, or other identifier types that may be identified as significant for threat detection) (60 months)
When an email is detected to be malicious, the following data is collected (36 months):
hash of the userID
email subject
hash of sender email address
domain address of sender
detection type and name
name of the attachments and their hashes
country of the user
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by informing you about the safety of an email, improving the detection of malware and cyber-threats (e.g., through file sample analysis), and pursuing general cybersecurity research.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of the functionality of malware scanning and evaluation of sender reputation. This data is also used to ensure proper functionality and fix bugs. This data is also used to collect threat statistics and perform internal analysis and research.
Norton Money 360
Norton Money 360 is a centralized platform for managing your finances. It allows you to connect all your accounts—checking, savings, credit cards, 401k, and investments—into one secure app.
Financial account information is provided through Plaid, a financial technology company that enables Norton Money to connect with your bank accounts and other financial institutions securely.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include
:
Name (while active or 36 months)
Email (while active or 36 months)
Phone number (while active or 36 months)
Social Security Number or other National Personal Identifier (while active or 6 months)
Physical address (while active or 36 months)
Date of birth (while active or 6 months)
Billing address (while active or 36 months)
Account Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of establishing and authenticating your account, as well as communicating with us. Your data is also used to deliver the services and features that you have selected.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
Geolocation (26 months)
Device Data may include
:
Member ID (while active or 36 months)
Device ID (26 months)
Service Data may include
:
Reporting data based on metadata collected by product (36 months)
Applications error reports (12 months)
Crash dumps logs (12 months)
App-related usage data (while active or 36 months)
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of establishing and authenticating your account, as well as communicating with you. This data is also used to deliver the services and features that you have selected.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering product services.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage and to further develop and improve the product performance.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Bank account information and other financial account information (while active or 6 months)
Credit scores (18 months)
Financial transactions (while active or 6 months)
Service Data
: This data is used to deliver the services and features that you have selected, track your spending, compare it to financial benchmarks, and get personalized recommendations.
We also use this data for the purpose of helping us to further understand the usage, create aggregated reports and develop and improve the performance of our products.
HomeShield Pro
HomeShield Pro provides network security for TP-Link routers.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include
:
IP address (36 months)
Device and router manufacturer and model (50 months)
Device names and/or assigned names (50 months)
Device and router identifiers including MAC address (while active or 50 months)
Security Data may include
:
Domain names (DNS), the target IP address (hostname) and associated traffic information and metadata (7 days)
Service Data may include
:
Network data and connection activity (36 months)
Events and product usage (50 months)
Device Data
: This data is used and generated internally at Gen for the purpose of displaying this information to the user and to deliver the product.
Security Data
: This data is used to deliver the product by analyzing the traffic to detect threats such as port scanning, DDoS and network penetration.
Service Data
: This data is used to understand product usage and to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Back to Top
About NortonLifeLock
|
Careers
|
News
|
Sitemap
|
Legal
|
License Agreement
|
Privacy
|
Cookies
|
Accessibility Policy
|
Contact Us
|
System Status
© 2019–2023 NortonLifeLock Inc. All rights reserved. NortonLifeLock, the NortonLifeLock Logo, the Checkmark Logo, Norton, LifeLock, and the LockMan Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of NortonLifeLock Inc. or its affiliates in the United States and other countries.
Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
United Kingdom
© 2019–2023 NortonLifeLock Inc. All rights reserved. NortonLifeLock, the NortonLifeLock Logo, the Checkmark Logo, Norton, LifeLock, and the LockMan Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of NortonLifeLock Inc. or its affiliates in the United States and other countries.
Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
We've updated our privacy and cookies policy
We and our partners use cookies on this site to improve the efficiency of the navigation, perform analytics, serve more relevant advertising content to you and measure advertising performance, provide social media features, remember website preferences, and generally improve the user experience. By clicking on “Yes I agree”, you consent to these cookies. For more information on cookies, including how to manage your consent, please click on “Settings” to access our Cookie tool.
No, take me to settings
✓
Yes, I agree
Privacy Settings
In order to provide with the best experience possible we might sometimes track information about you. Sometimes this may involve writing a cookie. We use this information for things like experience enrichment, analytics and targeting advertising. We recommend allowing these functions to get the most out of your experience.
Necessary
These cookies are necessary to run the website, e.g. security related functions.
> See list of necessary cookies
Ensighten
Hubspot
YouTube NoCookie
Norton
Akamai
Cloudfront
Cloudfare
Nortonlifelock
uStudio
Bugcrowd
Sym Assets
Lifelock
Symantec
Medallia
www.nortonlifelock.com
nexus.ensighten.com
symantec.service-now.com
om.symantec.com
login.norton.com
us.norton.com
www.lifelock.com
support.norton.com
Gstatic
my.norton.com
nortonlifelock
Norton
Adobe Tag Manager
ID Analytics
dpm.demdex.net
symantec.demdex.net
memberportal.lifelock.com
oms.symantec.com
Google Recaptcha
data.privacy.ensighten.com
Analytics
These technologies collect information that is used in aggregate form to help us understand how our websites are being used or to help us continuously improve our websites.
> See list of analytics cookies
Twitter Analytic
mPulse
Adobe Audience Manager
IO
mPulse
LinkedIn Widget
Google Analytics
Google Tag Manager
Google Analytics 4
Advertising
These technologies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
> See list of advertising cookies
Amazon Ads
Adobe Adlens
Twitter Ads
Google Ads
Bing Ads
Bing
Twitter Conversion
Amazon Ads
Twitter Ads
Twitter Conversion Tracking
Google Doubleclick
HavasEdge
Social Media
These technologies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our websites through third party social networking and other websites.
> See list of social media cookies
Facebook
Pinterest
YouTube
Linkedin
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook Connect
Performance and Functionality
Performance and Functionality
> See list of performance and functionality cookies
mPusle IO
Cloudfare
Cloudfront
Google API
Cloudfare
Amazon AWS
Akamai
Quantummetric
Adobe Target
Adobe Analytic
Google Web Font
Medallia
Adobe Launch
Glance
Akamaih
Cloudfront
Medallia
Cancel
Save
Sub-policy 9
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/:
GPC signal not detected.
Please
download a browser/extension
that supports it.
Take control of your privacy.
Online privacy should be accessible to everyone. It starts with a simpler way to exercise your rights.
Get Started
Get Involved
Read the Latest Press Release
and
Follow @globalprivctrl on Twitter
.
Turn On
GPC
Enable Global Privacy Control to communicate your privacy preference.
Send the Signal
Your browser will send the
GPC
signal to websites you visit.
Exercise Your Rights
Participating websites can respect your privacy rights accordingly.
You may have noticed “Do Not Sell” and “Object To Processing” links around the web from companies complying with privacy regulations. To opt out of websites selling or sharing your personal information, you need to click these links for every site you visit.
Now you can exercise your legal privacy rights in one step via Global Privacy Control (
GPC
), required under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Together, over a dozen organizations are developing the
GPC
specification.
Get Involved
GPC
lets users signal their desired privacy, just by browsing.
GPC
is available as part of several major browsers, extensions, and websites.
View Full Spec
Test against the reference server
The
GPC
signal will be intended to communicate a Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per
CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315
for that browser or device, or, if known, the consumer. Under the GDPR, the intent of the
GPC
signal is to convey a general request that data controllers limit the sale or sharing of the user’s personal data to other data controllers (
GDPR Articles 7 & 21
). Over time, the
GPC
signal may be intended to communicate rights in other jurisdictions.
“
CA DOJ is encouraged to see the technology community developing a global privacy control in furtherance of the CCPA and consumer privacy rights.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
“
40 million consumers are now using web browsers and other privacy tools that support this global opt out. Major publishers, the New York Times, Washington Post, have already pledged to respect it. California's Attorney General has already said that companies must respect GPC. This is a big step in Americans privacy, a big, big step forward.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
My hope is that Governor Northam and the legislature will improve [the newly passed Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act] in the near future in important ways... making it easier for Virginia citizens to invoke their privacy rights, such as through a global privacy control.
”
Mark R. Warner
VA Senator
“
GPC provides a clear and binary indication of an individual's choice... Based on a review of several of the web browsers' intentions regarding GPC, it appears likely to be a prominent, easily understandable, and accessible mechanism in the browser settings.
”
Alexander McD White
Bermuda Privacy Commissioner
“
It's past time to give consumers a real and enforceable way to stop companies from tracking and selling their data. My Mind Your Own Business Act would do just that, and this project [Global Privacy Control] shows it’s possible.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
CCPA requires businesses to treat a user-enabled global privacy control as a legally valid consumer request to opt out of the sale of their data. CCPA opened the door to developing a technical standard, like the GPC, which satisfies this legal requirement & protects privacy.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
Got to slide
0
Got to slide
1
Got to slide
2
Got to slide
3
Got to slide
4
Got to slide
5
Join over 50 million users.
Download a supported browser or extension and start exercising your privacy rights with GPC.
View All Downloads
Abine DeleteMe
LEARN MORE
about
Abine DeleteMe
Brave Browser
LEARN MORE
about
Brave Browser
Disconnect
LEARN MORE
about
Disconnect
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
LEARN MORE
about
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
Firefox
LEARN MORE
about
Firefox
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
LEARN MORE
about
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
Privacy Badger by EFF
LEARN MORE
about
Privacy Badger by EFF
lockrMail by lockr
LEARN MORE
about
lockrMail by lockr
Founding Organizations
The following organizations, representing 50 million users and hundreds of thousands of websites, are in support of GPC.
View All Organizations
Featured Press & Announcements
GPC Privacy Browser Signal Now Used by Millions and Honored By Major Publishers
Global Privacy Control
Your browser can tell websites how to treat your data. But companies didn’t have to listen — until now
The Washington Post
‘Do Not Track’ Is Back, and This Time It Might Work
Wired
Tech-publisher coalition backs new push for browser-level privacy controls
TechCrunch
View More Press
Frequently Asked Questions
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a proposed specification designed to allow
Internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as
whether or not they want their personal information to be sold or shared. It
consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and
acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the
specification.
GPC is being developed by a broad coalition of stakeholders:
technologists, web publishers, technology companies,
browser vendors, extension developers, academics, and
civil rights organizations.
The GPC was initially spearheaded by
Ashkan
Soltani
Georgetown
Law
and
Sebastian
Zimmeck
(
Wesleyan
University
) in collaboration with
The New York
Times
,
The Washington
Post
,
Financial Times
,
Automattic (Wordpress.com & Tumblr)
,
Glitch
,
DuckDuckGo
,
Brave
,
Mozilla
,
Disconnect
,
Abine
,
Digital Content Next (DCN)
,
Consumer
Reports
, and the
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
.
GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions,
listed
here
. If you want to use
GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser
extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
The GPC spec is easy to implement on a wide variety of websites and other
services. The proposed specification and back-end implementation reference
documentation are available
here
.
For additional information, please feel free to reach out on Github or Twitter
(
@globablprivctrl
).
As it is intended to invoke users’ privacy rights, we encourage policymakers
from around the world to engage in the development of this specification. If you
would like to learn more about how GPC could work in your jurisdiction, please
contact us via email at
info[at]globalprivacycontrol.org
.
GPC was initially introduced at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
Privacy
Community Group
(Privacy CG) in April 2020. A
number of stakeholders are part of that community. There are ongoing
discussions in the Privacy CG. Interested parties are encouraged to engage with
the proposal
here
.
Additionally, GPC is currently being implemented across the web. A number of
browsers, extensions, and publishers are supporting or implementing GPC (see
below).
View All
FAQ
s
Get Involved
Contact us to learn more about supporting
GPC
in your browser, app, or website.
@globalprivctrl
Sub-policy 10
https://www.nortonlifelock.com/us/en/privacy/product-privacy-notices/:
Privacy
Product Privacy Notices
Select a Language
čeština
dansk
Nederlands
English
eesti
suomi
français
français canadien
Deutsch
ελληνικά
magyar
italiano
日本語
한국어
latviešu
lietuvių
norsk
polski
Português
română
русский
中文(简体)
español
svenska
中文(繁體)
Türkçe
Enrollment and Billing
Product Specific Transparency Statements
In our ongoing quest for transparency, Norton publishes these product and service-specific privacy notices to provide detailed information about how and why our products and services collect, process, and share your personal data. For more information about our data processing practices and any rights you may have, please see our
Global Privacy Statement
.
Norton Security Products (desktop)
Norton 360 Mobile Apps
Norton AntiTrack
Norton Password Manager / Norton Safe Web Plus (Mac App)
Norton VPN Products
Norton Utilities Premium / Norton Utilities Ultimate
Norton Family
Norton Genie
Norton Ultimate Help Desk
Norton Computer Tune-Up
Norton Driver Updater
Norton Mobile Security
NortonLive Spyware and Virus Removal
Norton Safe Web / Norton Safe Web Plus (Mac App)
Norton Safe Search
Norton Private Browser
Norton Home Page
Norton Password Generator
Privacy Monitor and Privacy Monitor Assistant
LifeLock / Identity Advisor
Dark Web Monitoring
SurfEasy
Norton Safe Email
Norton Money 360
HomeShield Pro
Norton Security Products (desktop)
Norton Security Products provide endpoint security which defends against ransomware, viruses, spyware, malware, scams and other similar online threats. The scope of the services depends on the version of your product, and it may also include additional services and features such as VPN services, Safe Email, Dark Web Monitoring, Parental Control (Norton Family), Privacy Monitor, Password Manager, AI Assistant (Norton Genie), Identity Protection features, as well as scam insurance and restoration services.
Security products include Norton 360, Norton AntiVirus, Norton Internet Security, Norton One, Norton Small Business, Norton Security Protection, and Norton Security On-The-Go, and Norton Power Eraser (a free virus removal tool). Norton Security Products are also offered as a bundled product with other Norton products.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Security Data may include
:
Emails reported as potential threats (1 year)
Malware Detections chosen to be reported (up to 3 years)
File backups as selected by User (if purchasing/using Norton Online Backup) (encrypted)
Security Data
: This data is processed to deliver the product by evaluating for potential security risks and/or blocking emails, enforcing the rules and policies defined by the User for their controlled profiles, and helping the User detect misuse of Personal Data associated with such profiles. Additionally, emails and malwares files provided by Users help in improving the product’s detection rate and reducing false positives.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP Address (36 months)
Approximate Location derived from IP address (50 months)
Device Data may include
:
Product Serial Number (while active or 36 months)
Internal installation identifiers (50 months)
Operating system version and settings (50 months)
Device manufacturer and model (50 months)
Device names and/or assigned names (50 months)
Device identifiers including MAC address (while active or 50 months)
Internal Device identifiers - Norton Machine ID (36 months)
Other security software and apps running on the device, including our apps (36 months)
Browsers installed and default browser (50 months)
Security Data may include
:
URLs/Websites visited and associated metadata (36 months)
Files identified as potential or known malware (36 months)
Application names and versions (36 months)
File metadata including file paths (36 months)
Security statistics such as number of detections etc. (6 months)
Service Data may include
:
Network data and connection activity (36 months)
User interactions with Norton websites and Norton extensions download pages (26 months)
Emails if Norton Safe Email is enabled (not stored by default; with your consent, we can store suspicious email messages for in-depth analysis and to keep our detection models up to date for 30 days in raw form, then we remove personal identifiers)
Events and product usage such as number and result of scans, detections, error logs and screen flows (50 months)
Failure diagnostics including crash dumps and system logs (36 months)
Location Data
: This data is used to determine appropriate language settings for communicating with you and for determining country of origin for threats detected.
Device Data
: This data is used and generated internally at Gen for the purpose of tracking account activity between internal company systems, applications, and architecture. It is also used to deliver the product in accordance with your device(s) as well as tracking and determining trends in threats detected and communicating about potential solutions to detected threats.
Security Data
: This data is used to deliver the product by alerting you to potentially malicious applications, malware, URLs and links and by informing you about site safety and blocking browsing to unsafe websites, improving the detection of malware and cyber-threats (e.g., through file sample analysis), and pursuing general cybersecurity research.
Service Data
: This data is used to understand product usage and to further develop and improve the product performance, communicating about potential solutions to detected threats as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Failure diagnostics including crash dumps and system logs (36 months)
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of understanding product usage and improving the product.
Norton 360 Mobile Apps (Android and iOS)
Norton 360 mobile applications (“Norton 360 App”) are designed to provide protected Users’ and their selected smartphone and tablet devices with protection against digital threats and allow Users to keep digital information private and secure over the network and monitor their identity. The scope of the services depends on the version of your product, and it may include Safe SMS, Safe Call (provided in cooperation with Hiya Inc.) and Safe Email features as well as an AI Assistant (Norton Genie), scam insurance and restoration services.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data and How Long We Keep It
Data You Provide:
If purchasing the Norton 360 App through the eStore, please see the Norton Enrollment Process for additional information. If purchasing through the Apple AppStore or Google PlayStore, please see the below information.
Account Data may include
:
Email (while active or 36 months)
Norton account password (while active or 36 months)
Country (while active or 36 months)
Security Data may include
:
User feedback related to detected calls (not connected to you)
Account Data
: This data is processed to administer the account including establishing and authenticating it as well as communicating with you and providing services connected with your account.
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of the functionality of call filtering and evaluation of caller reputation in cooperation with Hiya Inc. It is also used to fix bugs, improve the detection models and to create, use and store aggregated statistics derived from call information to help us analyze unsolicited calls. The information is, however, not connected to you.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include
:
IP Address (36 months)
Mobile device identifiers (while active or 36 months)
Internal identifiers including installation ID (50 months)
Device name and type (while active or 36 months)
Operating system platform and version (while active or 36 months)
Approximate Location derived from IP Address (50 months)
Security Data may include
:
Files identified as potential or known malware (36 months)
File metadata including file paths (36 months)
Applications including characteristics such as permissions, signing certs, package and library info, app versions (36 months)
File and application data (limited to App store data, applications downloaded, and browsing data. iOS devices will also collect malicious links from calendar invites) (36 months)
Web-browsing and URLs accessed (36 months)
If the Safe SMS (SMS security) is enabled, text messages with URLs or sent by senders not in your contact list are collected and analyzed for threats. The text messages are not connected to our customers. These texts may include data such as: phone numbers, emails, crypto, or other identifiers associated with the text message. Includes identifiers offered to user as target for user’s requested response. (texts stripped off the personal identifiers together with URLs and other sender identifiers are stored up to 5 years)
Emails if Norton Safe Email is enabled (not stored by default; with your consent, we can store suspicious email messages for in-depth analysis and to keep our detection models up to date for 30 days in raw form, then we remove personal identifiers)
Call information and threat detection data (for Safe Call feature) – incoming phone numbers, line type, country (for incoming non-contact calls); time, length and disposition of phone call (36 months, incoming phone number removed after 30 days)
Security statistics such as number of detections (12 months)
Service Data may include
:
Events and product usage such as number and result of scans, detections, network service information, download and use frequency, log data) (36 months)
Error reports/crash dumps (36 months)
Device/phone settings (including but not limited to device model and manufacturers) (50 months)
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you. It is also processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) as well as tracking and determining trends in threats detected and communications about potential solutions to detected threats.
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by alerting you to potentially malicious applications, malware, URLs and links (including links in emails, text messages or data downloaded to SD cards), communicating about potential solutions to detected threats as well as improving the app security feature (malicious malware and applications blocking feature and SD card are only available on the Android OS).
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance, communicating about potential solutions to detected threats as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Reporting data based on metadata collected by product (limited to number of Users by general geolocations/regions, and operating systems) (25 months)
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton AntiTrack
Norton AntiTrack is an app and browser extension that keeps your online activities and digital footprint private. Its key features help to obscure your identity from tracking and fingerprinting attempts made by browsers and individual websites.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include
:
Norton AntiTrack does not require you to provide any data outside of the enrollment and billing processes.
If you choose to use the Private Email feature, you may provide additional email addresses (36 months)
Account Data
: Norton AntiTrack does not require you to provide any data outside of the enrollment and billing processes, so no additional personal data is processed.
Data We Collect/Access:
Service Data may include
:
Browser activity (not stored)
Cookie origin domain (not actual content of cookies) (not stored)
Reported URL problems (36 months)
Domain with trackers and fingerprints that user reviewed, added or removed from exclusion for detection through the app (36 months)
Emails, if Private Email is enabled (not stored)
Crash/hang dumps and Error reports (90 days)
Reporting data based on metadata collected by product (36 months)
Usage data to assist with debugging a problem with the service (36 months)
Usage information (36 months)
Aggregated statistics about trackers and fingerprints blocked (36 months)
License identifier (36 months)
Device Data may include
:
Operating system version and language (36 months)
Web browser name, version, language (36 months)
Service Data
: This data is used to deliver the services and features that you have selected. This data is processed for the purposes of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Reporting data based on metadata collected by product (e.g., number of Users by browser types, general geolocations/regions, and operating systems) (36 months)
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of understanding product usage and improving the product.
Norton Password Manager/ Norton Safe Web Plus (Mac App)
Norton Password Manager has five variants: (1) a component of the Norton Security product and plugin for Internet Explorer browser; (2) browser extensions for all major browsers except Internet Explorer; (3) mobile apps for Android and iOS; (4) a web application requiring no additional installation of software or browser extensions; and (5) Norton Safe Web Plus is a Mac app that supplies the functionality of Norton Password Manager and Safe Web. All variants are a password manager which manages usernames, passwords, and other information useful for performing online activities.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include
:
Username(s) (while active or 6 months)
Password(s) (while active or 6 months)
Phone number (while active or 6 months)
Physical address(es) (including city, state, and postal code) (while active or 6 months)
Additional payment information (Credit/Debit Card Information, specifically account numbers, card type, and expiration dates; bank account number and name of bank) (while active or 6 months)
Gender (including title) (while active or 6 months
Additional email(s) (while active or 6 months)
Date of birth (while active or 6 months)
Freeform notes / text (while active or 36 months)
Account Data
: This data is provided by you if you choose to and is collected for the purposes of delivering the product functionality including conveniently filling web forms with this data and examining the data for security risks.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
Geolocation (26 months)
Device Data may include
:
Web browser type/version (26 months)
Product version and preferred language (26 months)
Operating system (Including version or platform) (26 months)
Website domains for stored logins (while active or 36 months)
Free form text (as provided by User) (while active or 36 months)
Service Data may include
:
Metadata (including number of accounts stored with products and number of websites visited, number of product features used) (26 months)
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of determining appropriate language settings for communicating with the User and for reporting about product usage based on general location.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and by providing login services and analyzing product usage.
Service Data
: This data is for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Security Data may include
:
Potentially compromised passwords (specific usernames/passwords are never known to Gen services nor to third parties) (while active or 36 months)
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by identifying and informing you of potentially compromised passwords stored within your device(s).
Norton VPN Products
Norton VPN products safeguard the User’s data by encrypting the User’s information on any Internet connection to prevent the ability of third parties to monitor browsing activities. The service does not log users' browsing history, traffic information, or IP addresses used to access the Internet via our services. This notice applies to the VPN provided in Norton VPN Standard, Norton VPN Plus, Norton VPN Ultimate and Norton 360.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include
:
Norton VPN does not require Users to provide any data outside of the enrollment and billing processes
Account Data
: Norton VPN services do not require Users to provide any data outside of the enrollment and billing processes, so no additional personal data is processed.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include
:
Install and device identifier (while active or 36 months)
Device name and type (while active or 36 months)
OS version (while active or 36 months)
Language (while active or 36 months)
Security Data may include
:
Aggregate bandwidth usage (limited to the number of bytes transferred using the service) (while active or 36 months)
Diagnostic Data may include
:
Error state in installation/usage of app (Install Identifier from app to give error status) (while active or 36 months)
Data to assist with debugging connectivity problems (device identifier from app) (7 days)
Crash reports (24 months)
Connection and application events (24 months)
Timestamps (35 days)
VPN Service Data may include
:
Data to monitor compliance with the terms of use (if suspicious patterns are detected or blocked: device identifier from app, frequency of abuse of services) (7 days)
Application Data may include
:
License identifier (while active or 36 months)
IP address (not stored)
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product and content in accordance to your device(s).
Security Data
: This data is used for billing the account for the product used as well as network operations and support.
Diagnostic Data
: This data is used for research and development to improve products and services and to better protect your network, devices, data, and identity.
VPN Service Data
: This data is used to prevent abuse of services, to protect our network, and ensure compliance with the terms of use.
Application Data
: This data is used for the purpose of (a) delivering the product by selecting the most appropriate server to connect to, and (b) to prevent abuse of services to protect our network and ensure compliance with the terms of use.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Reporting metadata on product and application usage (while active or 36 months)
Service Data
: This data is used to help us understand product usage and to further develop and improve product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton Utilities Premium
Norton Utilities helps analyze, configure, optimize, and maintain a computer of the User to keep it running like new. It also includes the Cloud Cleaner feature that helps users manage their cloud storage (optimize, remove duplicates) by checking metadata associated with stored files and pictures. Files and pictures are not downloaded or stored by us. To connect to Google Drive, we need to ask Google for permission to use its APIs. Google allows companies to use its APIs only if they undertake to limit its use of information accessed through the APIs. As a result, Product’s use and transfer to any other product of information received from these Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include
:
Norton Utilities does not require Users to provide any information outside of enrollment and billing processes
Account Data
: Norton Utilities does not require Users to provide any information outside of enrollment and billing processes.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
Device Data may include
:
Activation data (limited to status of installation of product on device) (not stored)
Device ID (not stored)
Service Data may include
:
File meta data - checksum, archive_state, created_date, modified_date, folder_path, file_name, file_size, file_type, file_id and thumbnail_link (24 hours)
User reviews/feedback (not stored)
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you.
Device Data
: This data is used for the purpose of providing the service and delivering the product in accordance with your device(s).
Service Data
: This data is used for the purpose of providing the service and understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Metadata based on User reviews/feedback (not stored)
Service Data
: This data is used for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton Family
Norton Family helps protect Users and their devices with parental controls applied through User-defined and User-managed protection settings and features.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include
:
Child name (while active or 60 days)
Restriction level (child’s age range) (while active or 60 days)
Picture (for avatar, if chosen) (while active or 60 days)
Restriction settings as determined by parent (while active or 60 days)
Emergency contact information (such as parent’s phone) (while active or 60 days)
Location identifying labels (such as “home” or “school,” as defined by parent) (while active or 60 days)
Account Data
: This data is provided by you and is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by helping you to supervise the online activities on your protected device(s) and helping to enforce your defined rules for the online activities on your protected device(s).
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
Parent’s time zone (while active or 60 days)
Child’s geolocation (as permitted by region, and if enabled by parent) collected in the background (while active or 60 days)
Device Data may include
:
Child’s operating system platform and version (36 months)
Installation status of the Norton Family client software on subscriber or protected User’s device (36 months)
Child policy configurations as determined by parent (36 months)
Device name (while active or 60 days)
Device name, type, language, hardware, software, and application inventory (only applicable to Android mobile devices) (36 months)
Browser type and version (36 months)
Device identifiers such as IDFA (only applicable to iOS mobile devices (36 months)
Security Data may include
:
Setting configurations deviations performed by child (while active or 60 days)
Application exception and workflow failure logs (12 months)
URLs visited by child and search terms (while active or 60 days)
Device usage time (while active or 60 days)
Application usage time (while active or 60 days)
Service Data may include
:
Crash logs for PC (36 months)
Product usage telemetry (limited to pages visited with Product) (12 months)
License ID, status, and entitlement information (while active or 60 days)
Location Data
: This data is processed to determine appropriate language settings for communicating with you and delivering the product by helping you to supervise the location of your protected device.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s), helping you to supervise the online activities on your protected device(s), and helping to enforce your defined rules for the online activities on your protected device(s). Device identifiers are used to track information about app usage such as which in-app events a user triggers.
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) as well as improving the product’s installation success rate by providing input for research and development to improve products and services to better protect your network, devices, data, and identity.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Crash logs for mobile devices (90 days)
Metadata reports on product usage (12 months)
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton Genie
Norton Genie is scam detection technology, that helps to identify scams and keep you safer from financial fraud and identity theft. Norton Genie will analyze a message, email, social post or website in seconds to look for signs of a potential scam. Norton Genie can also provide tips on what to do next, and answer follow-up questions you might have.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Security Data may include
:
Screenshots and images of suspected scams which could be photos, emails, social posts, web sites, text messages and all information contained in them (30 days)
Original text, email or image submissions and any personal information contained in the submission including metadata (e.g. email headers) (30 days)
Text submissions and text extracted from image and text submissions with personal data removed from the submission (1 year)
Phone numbers from submissions (30 days)
Apple ID, for beta testers only (3 years)
Service Data may include
:
User conversations. Questions or anything you submit to the app (36 months)
Email addresses from which you send the submissions (30 days)
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of detecting scams, evaluating potential security risks, and helping to assess risks involved in the submitted information. Additionally, submissions provided by Users help in improving the product’s scam detection rate.
Apple ID is used to assist with testing and development of the product.
Service Data
: This data is processed for effective functioning of the product and for the purpose of responding to the questions or other inputs and for improving the quality of future conversations.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP Address (not stored)
Device Data may include
:
Internal installation identifier (while active or 36 months)
Device operating system (while active or 36 months)
Security Data may include
:
Submission Timestamps
Extracted submission content including malicious URLs
Extracts of submissions determined to be unknown or suspected to be malicious. These include data that may identify the malicious sender: phone numbers, emails, crypto, or other sender identifier types. Includes identifiers offered to user as target for user’s requested response. (up to 5 years since the last sighting for suspected malicious data and false-positive data, or 1 year since sighting for unclassified data, forever if the number is also publicly available and classified)
Service Data may include
:
Failure diagnostics including crash dumps and system logs (36 months)
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of determining the country, and city of the user and to identify scam locations to improve scam detection rates.
Device Data
: This data is used for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) as well as tracking and determining trends in threats detected.
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by alerting you to potentially malicious submissions and for improving the detection of scams (e.g., through file sample analysis), and pursuing general cybersecurity research.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Security Data may include
:
Submissions of other users of the product (30 days)
Phone numbers from publicly available sources (as long as necessary for the service)
Service Data may include
:
Failure diagnostics including crash dumps and system logs (36 months)
Reporting data based on metadata collected by product (limited to number of Users by general geolocations/regions, and operating systems) (25 months)
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by alerting you to potentially malicious submissions and for improving the detection of scams (e.g., through file sample analysis), and pursuing general cybersecurity research.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton Ultimate Help Desk
Norton Ultimate Help Desk allows the User to contact an expert to assist with technical issues ranging from network setup to device diagnostics and troubleshooting. All personal data processed for this product is not connected to your Norton account unless you choose to do so.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed
Data Use and Processing
Data You Provide:
Account Data, if chosen may include
:
Issue description and details
Account Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product by communicating with you and identifying the root causes of the issues posed.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include
:
Operating system and settings
Security settings (e.g., active firewall, antivirus software)
System configurations (e.g., active ports, hosts file, installed programs, active processes, open memory, log file, and registry data)
Service Data may include
:
Scan statistics (e.g., number of scanned files, number of threats found, fixed, or remaining and date and time of scan)
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and identifying the root causes of the issues posed.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Norton Ultimate Help Desk does not collect/access personal data from third parties as part of its services.
Norton Ultimate Help Desk does not collect/access personal data from third parties as part of its services.
Norton Computer Tune-Up
Norton Computer Tune-Up is a feature within Norton Ultimate Help Desk, that helps to keep the User’s device running like new, using diagnostics.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Collected
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data if chosen may include
:
Issue description and details
Account Data if chosen may include
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product by communicating with you and identifying the root causes of the issues posed.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include
:
Operating system and settings
Security settings (e.g., active firewall, antivirus software)
System configurations (e.g., active ports, hosts file, installed programs, active processes, open memory and CPU utilization, log file and registry data)
Service Data may include
:
Scan statistics (e.g., number of scanned files, number of threats found, fixed, or remaining, and date and time of scan)
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and identifying the root causes of the issues posed.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Norton Computer Tune-Up does not collect/access personal data from third parties as part of its services.
Norton Computer Tune-Up does not collect/access personal data from third parties as part of its services.
Norton Driver Updater
Norton Driver Updater
provides scan and potential update or fix of outdated drivers on a users’ PC to optimize it for better performance and avoid potential crashes or malfunctions.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
No personal data provided directly except for what is required for enrollment and payment.
No personal data provided directly except for what is required for enrollment and payment.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include:
Device information such as type, vendor, model, manufacturer, version (12 months)
Device identifiers (12 months)
Driver information such as versions, updated dates, names, matching device id, driver rank, driver flags (12 months)
Service Data may include:
Events and product usage information (12 months)
Scan statistics (12 months)
Location Data may include:
IP address (not stored)
Device Data:
This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and identifying the root causes of the issues posed.
Service Data:
This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as to ensure continuous functionality (installations, versions, updates, settings) and map how users interact with our product.
Location Data:
This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s), determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you, and reporting about product usage based on general location.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
This product does not collect data from third parties.
This product does not collect data from third parties.
Norton Mobile Security
Norton Mobile Security provides protection for smartphones and tablets against digital threats.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
If purchasing the Norton Mobile Security through the eStore, please see the Norton Enrollment Process for additional information. If purchasing through the Apple AppStore or Google PlayStore, please see the below information.
Account Data may include
:
Email (while active or 36 months)
Norton account password (while active or 36 months)
Country (while active or 36 months)
Account Data
: This data is processed to administer the account including establishing and authenticating your account as well as communicating with you.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include
:
Mobile device IDs (UDID, IMEI, and IDFA) (while active or 36 months)
Device name and type (including Wi-Fi MAC Address) (while active or 36 months)
Operating system platform and version (while active or 36 months)
Security Data may include
:
File and application data (limited to app store data, applications downloaded, and browsing data. Android devices will also collect calendar and SD contents) (3 years)
Web-browsing and URLs accessed (3 years)
User interface and screen activity (limited to keyword tags and actions) (25 months)
Service Data may include
:
Usage information (e.g., network service information, download and use frequency, log data) (12 months)
Error reports/crash dumps (90 days)
Device/phone settings (including but not limited to device model and manufacturers) (90 days)
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you.
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by alerting you to potentially malicious applications, malware, and links (including links in emails or data downloaded to SD cards) as well as improving the app security feature (malicious malware and applications blocking feature and SD card are only available on the Android OS).
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Reporting data based on metadata collected by product (limited to number of Users by general geolocations/regions, and operating systems) (25 months)
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
NortonLive Spyware and Virus Removal
NortonLive Spyware and Virus Removal is a one-time product that remediates one (1) virus per device to help get the device running again. NortonLive Spyware and Virus Removal is offered as a feature as part of the Norton Security products but may also be purchased as a separate one-time service. All personal data processed for this product is not connected to your account, unless you choose to do so.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data if chosen may include
:
Issue description and details
Account Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product by communicating with you and identifying the root causes of the issues posed.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include
:
Application names and versions
Norton machine ID (anonymized)
Operating system information
Security settings (e.g., active firewall, antivirus software)
System configurations (e.g., active ports, hosts file, installed programs, active processes, open memory, log file, and registry data)
Service Data may include
:
Crash dump information (specifically related to Norton product crash)
Scan statistics (e.g., number of scanned files, number of threats found, fixed, or remaining, and date and time of scan)
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and identifying the root causes of the issues posed.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
NortonLive Spyware and Virus Removal does not collect/access personal data from third parties as part of its services.
NortonLive Spyware and Virus Removal does not collect/access personal data from third parties as part of its services.
Norton Safe Web (Website, Browser Extension, Mac App) and Norton Safe Web Plus (Mac App)
Norton Safe Web is a website that displays risk information for various websites. It also manages a community of online Users, offering the ability for Users to submit their own website ratings and provide comments on website ratings. The community features also display statistics for the community and a site rating (e.g., the most ratings by Users, the most-rated websites). The Norton Safe Web website also manages services for website owners to register their ownership and perform rating review requests. Users may use the website without supplying any data if they wish to browse and view website rating information. To participate in the User community or with the site owner features, Users must have a Norton Account (see Norton Enrollment process).
Norton Safe Web/Safe Web Plus is also a browser extension and Mac app that monitors browsing activity and web page content for unsafe risks. It uses reputation services and web page content analysis to help protect the User from malicious website content, phishing, and other threats. This extension includes features that permit browsing of potentially risky websites in a special isolation mode to help provide additional protection. This extension also helps protect Users from unsafe website access when using your webmail and social media websites.
All personal data proceed for this product is not connected to your Norton account.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Norton Safe Web does not require Users to provide any data outside of enrollment and billing processes. Norton Safe Web can be used as a free extension tool. If used as such, no User Data is required to be provided.
Norton Safe Web does not require Users to provide any data outside of enrollment and billing processes. Norton Safe Web can be used as a free extension tool. If used as such, no User Data is used or processed.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address
Device Data may include
:
Web browser type/version
Product version and preferred language
Operating system (including version or platform)
Browser application and settings
Security Data may include
:
Browsing activity
Service Data if enabled by User may include
:
Metadata (limited to number of blocked websites and number of unsafe websites clicked)
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s), determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you, and reporting about product usage based on general location.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of product functionality in delivering the product in accordance with your device(s).
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product functionality by informing you about site safety information and/or blocking unsafe websites.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as measure usage trends.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Reporting data based on metadata collected by product (e.g., number of Users by browser types, general geolocations/regions, and operating systems)
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton Safe Search (Website and Browser Extension)
Norton Safe Search (website) is a search website that helps protect the User from unsafe websites by filtering search results and providing website safety ratings to the User to provide a safer web browsing experience. Norton Safe Search (browser extension) has two variants. The first variant overrides the browser’s default search engine to the Norton Safe Search website. The second variant performs the same search engine override but also combines the features of the Norton Safe Web and Norton Home Page browser extensions into a single browser extension.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Norton Safe Search does not require Users to provide any data outside of enrollment and billing processes. Norton Safe Search can be used as a free extension tool or website. If used as such, no User Data is collected.
Norton Safe Search does not require Users to provide any data outside of enrollment and billing processes. Norton Safe Search can be used as a free extension tool or website. If used as such, no User Data is used or processed.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address
Device Data may include
:
Product version and preferred Language
Operating system (including version or platform)
Browser type, version, and settings
Security Data may include
:
Browsing activity
Search terms
Service Data may include (if User permission is given to enable product telemetry)
:
URL of blocked websites
Metadata (e.g., number of blocked websites and number of unsafe websites clicked)
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s), determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you, and reporting about product usage based on general location.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s).
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by informing you about site safety and/or blocking unsafe websites, and tailoring ads to your interests.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Reporting data based on metadata collected by product (e.g., number of Users by browser types, general geolocations/regions, and operating systems)
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton Private Browser
Norton Private Browser is a web browser with security features such as Web Shield, which helps block fake and dangerous websites, URLs, downloads, and scams. The browser also includes Privacy Guard to help block ads and trackers as you browse, and Norton Coupons, which scans the websites you visit to find available coupons to help you generate savings while shopping online. Norton Coupons is provided in cooperation with NextGen Shopping, LLC.  Norton Private Browser search functionality includes advertising provided by third-party ad networks. Search ad clicks are managed by Microsoft's ad network. Further information on Microsoft privacy is available
here
.
Norton Private Browser gives you the option to use Norton Safe Search as your search engine, which flags safe and potentially dangerous results in your search.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
This product does not require Users to provide any data to use the product
This product does not require Users to provide any data to use the product.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include:
Account, Device, and or Installation Identifiers (36 months)
Google Client ID, Android ID, Firebase Analytics ID (36 months)
Location (36 months)
Information concerning the computer or device (36 months)
Applications on the device (36 months)
Network connection type, number of devices in network (36 months)
Security Data may include:
Subset of URLs and referrers (36 months)
Malware samples, suspicious files (3 years)
IP Address (not stored)
Service Data may include:
IP Address (not stored)
Browsers (installed, default) (36 months)
Other products/licenses on the device and their status (36 months)
Extensions installed in the browser (36 months)
Event logs, crash logs and error logs (36 months)
In-Product messaging parameters (36 months)
Basic information about your shopping cart (cart amount subtotal and total, discount value and applied promo code details) for websites on which you applied Norton Coupons, including the merchant’s domain (36 months)
By default, Private Browser for Desktop processes locally on your system the following data:
Browsing history information; for example, Private Browser for Desktop may store the URLs of pages that you visit, a cache of text, images, and other resources from those pages. If the pre-rendering feature is turned on, a list of IP addresses linked to those pages may also be stored for some period of time
Name, surname, email, or passwords to help you fill out forms or signs into sites you visit
Permission that you have granted to websites
Cookies or data from websites that you visit
Data saved by add-ons
Record of what you downloaded from websites
IP addresses are not stored, only used for product localization and analytics purposes based on approximate location (city/country level)
Device Data:
This data is used and generated internally at Gen for the purpose of tracking account activity between internal company systems, applications, and architecture. It is also processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s), and to introduce new features or products based on previous experience. Location is used to set up proper product language version for Windows
Security Data:
This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by informing you about site safety and blocking browsing to unsafe websites, improving the detection of malware and cyber-threats (e.g., through file sample analysis), and pursuing general cybersecurity research.
Service Data:
This data is processed for the purposes of recognizing what features should be enabled or disabled, what product should be installed or uninstalled, to better understand user’s behavior, to provide import functionality, to improve user onboarding and product experience, and for understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
No data is collected from Third Parties
No data is collected from Third Parties
Norton Home Page
Norton Home Page provides a search box to initiate searches using the Safe Search engine (which provides safety information for search results), controls to access popular websites quickly, and links to topical informational articles covering security news and updates. All personal data processed for this product is not connected to your account.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Norton Home Page does not require Users to provide any User Data.
Norton Home Page does not require Users to provide any User Data, as such no User Data is processed.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
Device Data may include
:
Product version and preferred language
Operating system (including version or platform)
Browser type and version and settings
Security Data may include
:
Search terms
Service Data may include (if User has provided permission to access)
:
Feature usage telemetry
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s), determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you, and reporting about product usage based on general location.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s).
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by informing you about site safety information and/or blocking unsafe websites, and tailoring ads to your interests.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Reporting data based on telemetry collected by product (e.g., number of Users by browser types, general geolocations/regions, and operating systems).
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton Password Generator
Norton Password Generator is a free service offered in select countries or as a feature to Norton Password Manager that generates a random strong password for any individual to use for their applications, devices, or any other accounts.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Norton Password Generator does not require Users to provide any data outside of enrollment and billing processes.
Norton Password Generator does not require Users to provide any data outside of enrollment and billing processes.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
Geolocation (26 months)
Device Data may include
:
Web browser name (26 months)
Version and preferred language (26 months)
Operating system (including version or platform) (26 months)
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s), determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you, and reporting about product usage based on general location.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s).
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Norton Password Generator does not collect/access personal data from third parties as part of its services.
Norton Password Generator does not collect/access personal data from third parties as part of its services.
Privacy Monitor and Privacy Monitor Assistant
The Privacy Monitor product searches a pre-defined list of data broker websites for member personal information, and then presents the member with the results. Members can then manually opt out of identified data broker websites individually. Privacy Monitor is currently embedded in some LifeLock and Norton products.
The Privacy Monitor Assistant provides an agent-assisted process to opt out members from the data broker websites. This may involve accessing content of your e-mail inbox for the purposes of clicking on verification links sent to you by the data broker websites. Privacy Monitor Assistant is offered as an add-on or stand-alone product.
The Online Account Cleanup feature is a cloud-based service which scans emails from supported providers and provides you with the opportunity to request removal of your data by companies who send you emails. This feature uses information about e-mail and its content for its functionality. To connect to Gmail accounts, we need to ask Google for permission to use its APIs. Google allows companies to use its APIs only if they undertake to limit its use of information accessed through the APIs. As a result, Product’s use and transfer to any other product of information received from these Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include:
First name (while active or 36 months)
Middle name (while active or 36 months)
Last name (while active or 36 months)
City (while active or 36 months)
State (while active or 36 months)
Identity Data may include
:
Date of Birth (while active or 36 months)
Driver’s license (optional) (while active or 90 days)
Authorized Agent appointment (optional) (while active or 30 days)
Date of birth
Email
Phone number
Address
First and last name
Digital signature
Account Data
: This data is processed to establish and authenticate your account and to communicate with you. Your data is also used to deliver the services and features that you have selected.
Identity Data
: This data is used to deliver the services and features that you have selected.
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include
:
Member ID (while active or 36 months)
LifeLock ID (while active or 36 months)
Service Data may include
:
Usage data to assist with debugging a problem with the service (12 months)
Service Data Collected from your email provider, if you enable this
:
In order to check your email, we download it whole, together with metadata. We keep it in our systems only during the processing, we don't store it. (seconds)
Subject of emails (28 days)
When an email is detected to be a commercial email, the following data is collected:
hash of the userID
email subject
sender email address
domain address of sender
Unsubscribe links within the email
Device Data
: This data is used for the purpose of delivering services.
Service Data
: This data is processed to deliver product services and functionality, and to allow understanding of product usage and telemetry, to further develop and improve product performance.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Identity Data may include:
First name (12 months)
Middle name (12 months)
Last name (12 months)
City (12 months)
State (12 months)
Date of birth (12 months)
Driver’s license (optional) (90 days)
Relatives’ names (12 months)
Service Data Collected from your email provider, if you enable this
:
In order to check your email, we download it whole, together with metadata. We keep it in our systems only during the processing, we don't store it. (seconds)
Subject of emails (28 days)
When an email is detected to be a commercial email, the following data is collected:
hash of the userID
email subject
sender email address
domain address of sender
Unsubscribe links within the email
When an email is detected to be a data broker website email with a verification link, the following data is collected:
Verification link within the email
Identity Data
: This data is collected for the purpose of determining and displaying what User Data is contained on certain third-party websites.
Service Data Collected from your email provider
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering product services and functionality. This data is not shared with third-parties.
LifeLock Identity Protection / Identity Advisor / Home Title Protect
The LifeLock Identity Protection Services may include identity monitoring, theft protection, dark web monitoring, financial, credit and social media monitoring, and identity restoration services to customers. The LifeLock Product is also offered as a bundled solution with the Norton Security Products. Identity Advisor is a related LifeLock product offered outside of the United States which offers a subset of the identity protection services that LifeLock offers and can be offered as a bundled solution with the Norton Security Products or as a separate product. Depending on the jurisdiction, it may also include services such as: ID Vault (monitoring and securely storing identity documents or other documents), Privacy Advisor and Scam Verification Specialist features. Home Title Monitoring is included as a feature of LifeLock and is also offered as a separate product called Home Title Protect with more functionality.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include
:
Name (while active or 36 months)
Email (while active or 36 months)
LifeLock account password (while active or 36 months)
Phone number (while active or 36 months)
Social Security Number or other National Personal Identifier (while active or 6 months)
Physical address (while active or 36 months)
Date of birth (while active or 6 months)
Billing address (while active or 36 months)
Payment information (depending on method can include Credit/Debit Card Information or PayPal account) (while active or 6 months)
Power of attorney (if purchasing LifeLock Senior) (while active or 36 months)
Identity Data may include
:
Name (while active or 36 months)
Email (while active or 36 months)
Phone Number (while active or 36 months)
Social Security Number or other National Personal Identifier (while active or 6 months)
Physical address (while active or 36 months)
Date of birth (while active or 6 months)
Alternate physical address (while active or 36 months)
Alternate phone address (while active or 36 months)
Bank account information (while active or 6 months)
Driver’s license number (while active or 6 months)
Alternate Credit/Debit Card information (while active or 6 months)
Mother’s maiden name (while active or 6 months)
Verbal passcode (while active or 6 months)
Insurance number/information (while active or 6 months)
Social account information (while active or 6 months)
Child’s name (if purchasing LifeLock Junior) (while active or 36 months)
Child’s Social Security Number (if purchasing LifeLock Junior) (while active or 6 months)
Child’s date of birth (if purchasing LifeLock Junior) (while active or 6 months)
Child’s address (if purchasing LifeLock Junior) (while active or 36 months)
Child’s email address (if purchasing LifeLock Junior) (while active or 36 months)
Childs phone number (if purchasing LifeLock Junior) (while active or 36 months)
Service Data:
Texts – for Scam Verification Specialist feature (screenshots of suspicious texts or emails) (while active plus 24 months)
Account Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of establishing and authenticating your account, as well as communicating with us. Your data is also used to deliver the services and features that you have selected.
Identity Data
. Your data is also used to deliver the services and features that you have selected.
Service Data
. This data is used to deliver the services and features that you have selected.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
Geolocation (26 months)
Device Data may include
:
Member ID (while active or 36 months)
Device ID (26 months)
Operating system version and settings (26 months)
Device manufacturer and model (26 months)
Device names and/or assigned names (26 months)
Web browser name and version (12 months)
Preferred language (while active or 36 months)
Security Data may include
:
Credit scores (while active or 36 months)
Credit reports (while active or 36 months)
Bank transactions (while active or 36 months)
Alert information (limited to data elements selected for monitoring by the User) (36 months)
Photos – for ID Vault features (documents such as photos of identity documents, credit cards, driver’s license and passports) (while active plus 180 days)
Service Data may include
:
Restorations case number (for filed Restorations cases only) (while active or 36 months)
Complaint case number (for lodged complaints only) (while active or 36 months)
Parent case number (for disputed alerts only) (while active or 36 months)
Applications error reports (12 months)
Crash dumps logs (12 months)
App-related usage data (while active or 36 months)
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of establishing and authenticating your account, as well as communicating with you. This data is also used to deliver the services and features that you have selected.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) and determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you. It is also processed for the purposes of delivering product services as well as communications about potential solutions to detected threats.
Security Data
: This data is used to monitor your identity by providing the alerts you have set up on your account which can help protect you when potentially fraudulent activity is detected or for other services that you have selected. It is also processed for the purposes of delivering product services as well as communications about potential solutions to detected threats.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage to further develop and improve the product performance, communicating about potential solutions to detected threats as well as telemetry.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Identity Data may include
:
Verified name (not stored)
Verified Social Security Number (not stored)
Verified physical address (not stored)
Verified date of birth (not stored)
Security Data may include
:
Credit scores (not stored)
Credit reports (not stored)
Bank transactions (not stored)
Alert information (limited to data elements selected for monitoring by the User) (not stored)
Service Data may include
:
Reporting metadata on product and application usage (not stored)
Identity Data
: This data is processed by our third-party service providers to help us verify and authenticate you before we enroll you. Some third-party service providers may assist you in creating a new account with us or helping you to log into your account with us.
Security Data
: This data is processed by our third-party service providers to monitor your identity and provide monitoring and protective alerts based on the features you select within our products. It is also processed for the purposes of delivering product services as well as communications about potential solutions to detected threats.
Service Data
: This data is used for the purpose of helping us to further understand the usage and develop and improve the performance of our products.
Dark Web Monitoring
Dark Web Monitoring provides search services to Users to identify and detect personal information on the dark web and provide an alert back to the Users. Dark Web Monitoring is also offered as a feature of the LifeLock Products.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include
:
Name (only if previously purchased through a LifeLock product offering) (while active or 36 months)
Email (while active or 36 months)
Preferred language (while active or 36 months)
Identity Data may include:
Email (while active or 36 months)
First phone number (while active or 36 months)
First physical address (while active or 36 months)
Alternative email address (while active or 36 months)
Alternate phone number(s) (while active or 36 months)
Alternate physical address(es) (while active or 36 months)
Bank account information (while active or 6 months)
Credit/debit card information (while active or 6 months)
Mother’s maiden name (while active or 36 months)
Insurance information (while active or 36 months)
Loyalty Card information (while active or 36 months)
Driver’s license number (while active or 6 months)
Passport number (while active or 6 months)
Social Security Number or other National Personal Identifie (only if previously purchased through a LifeLock product offering) (while active or 6 months)
Date of birth (only if previously purchased through a LifeLock product offering) (while active or 6 months)
Gamertag (while active or 36 months)
Account Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of establishing and authenticating your account, as well as communicating with you. Your data is also used to deliver the services and features that you have selected, including the search criteria for the product within the dark web.
Identity Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the services and features that you have selected, including the search criteria for the product within the dark web.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
Geolocation (26 months)
Device Data may include
:
LifeLock member ID (if previously purchased through a LifeLock product) (while active or 36 months)
Norton GUID (if previously purchased through a Norton product) (while active or 36 months)
Member GUID (while active or 36 months)
Web browser name and version (12 months)
Device ID (26 months)
Operating system version and settings (26 months)
Service Data may include
:
Applications error report (12 months)
Crash dumps logs (12 months)
App-related usage data (12 months)
Location Data
: This data is processed to determine the appropriate language setting to communicate with you.
Device Data
: This data is used for the purpose of delivering services. It is also processed for the purposes of delivering product services as well as communications about potential solutions to detected threats.
Service Data
: This data is used for the purpose of helping us to further understand the usage and develop and improve the performance of our products. It is also processed for the purposes of delivering product services as well as communications about potential solutions to detected threats.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Security Data may include
:
Alert information (limited to dark web monitoring) (while active or 36 months)
Analytics reports (while active or 36 months)
Security Data
: This data is used to provide alerts to you about personal information that is found on the dark web. It is also processed for the purposes of delivering product services as well as communications about potential solutions to detected threats.
SurfEasy
SurfEasy VPN protects the User’s devices and safeguards the User’s data by encrypting the User’s information on any internet connection and preserving the User’s privacy.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
User Data may include
:
SurfEasy VPN does not require Users to provide any data outside of the enrollment and billing processes
User Data
: SurfEasy VPN does not require Users to provide any data outside of the enrollment and billing processes, so no additional personal data is processed.
Data We Collect/Access:
User Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
Install identifier (while active or 36 months)
License identifier (while active or 36 months)
Administrative Data may include
:
Device name and type (while active or 36 months)
OS version (for mobile devices only) (while active or 36 months)
Language (while active or 36 months)
Security Data may include
:
Aggregate bandwidth usage (limited to the number of bytes transferred using the service) (while active or 36 months)
Diagnostic Data may include
:
Data to assist with debugging connectivity problems (device identifier from app) (7 days)
VPN Service Data may include
:
Data to monitor compliance with the terms of use (if suspicious behavior is detected or blocked: device identifier from app, frequency of abuse of services) (7 days)
Application Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
User Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the content in accordance with your device(s) and determining the appropriate language settings for communicating with you.
Administrative Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of delivering the product to your device(s).
Security Data
: This data is used for the purposes of billing the account of the product used as well as network operations and support.
Diagnostic Data
: This data is used for research and development to improve products and services and to better protect your network, devices, data, and identity.
VPN Service Data
: This data is used for the purpose of prevent abuse of services, to protect our network, and ensure compliance with the terms of use.
Application Data
: This data is used for the purpose of (a) delivering the product by selecting the most appropriate server to connect to, and (b) to prevent abuse of services to protect our network and ensure compliance with the terms of use.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Diagnostic Data may include
:
Reporting metadata on product and application usage (while active or 36 months)
Diagnostic Data
: This data is used for the purpose of understanding the product usage to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Norton Safe Email
Norton Safe Email
is a cloud-based service which monitors emails from supported providers for potential threats. By default, we don’t store the emails, but we create and store non-personal numeric representations of the text to detect potential scam and other unwanted messages. You can allow us to store the whole email message (EML file with message metadata) we identified as suspected malicious by consenting to it in the product. This helps us keep better detections and improve the protection against scams. Our human reviewers may check the email message in case it is needed to investigate the accuracy of our detections (esp. in case of false negatives or false positives). Suspicious messages in the raw form are stored for 30 days and then we remove personal identifiers and keep them in our malware database. To connect to Gmail accounts, we need to ask Google for permission to use its APIs. Google allows companies to use its APIs only if they undertake to limit its use of information accessed through the APIs. As a result, Product’s use and transfer to any other product of information received from these Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Connection to the email account you wish to monitor.
To allow the product to monitor emails for threats.
Data We Collect/Access:
Security Data may include
:
Malicious URLs and referrers (36 months)
Malware samples, suspicious files (36 months)
Service Data may include:
IP Address of SMTP mail servers (36 months)
In order to check your email, we download it whole, together with metadata and attachments. By default, we keep it in our systems only during the processing, and we don't store it, but we create and store non-personal numeric representations of the text to detect potential scam and other unwanted messages. If you consent, we can store suspicious email messages for in-depth analysis and to keep our detection models up to date (30 days in raw form, thereafter personal identifiers removed)
Subject of emails (28 days)
Malicious identifiers (URL, phone, email, crypto, or other identifier types that may be identified as significant for threat detection) (60 months)
When an email is detected to be malicious, the following data is collected (36 months):
hash of the userID
email subject
hash of sender email address
domain address of sender
detection type and name
name of the attachments and their hashes
country of the user
Security Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering the product by informing you about the safety of an email, improving the detection of malware and cyber-threats (e.g., through file sample analysis), and pursuing general cybersecurity research.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of the functionality of malware scanning and evaluation of sender reputation. This data is also used to ensure proper functionality and fix bugs. This data is also used to collect threat statistics and perform internal analysis and research.
Norton Money 360
Norton Money 360 is a centralized platform for managing your finances. It allows you to connect all your accounts—checking, savings, credit cards, 401k, and investments—into one secure app.
Financial account information is provided through Plaid, a financial technology company that enables Norton Money to connect with your bank accounts and other financial institutions securely.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data You Provide:
Account Data may include
:
Name (while active or 36 months)
Email (while active or 36 months)
Phone number (while active or 36 months)
Social Security Number or other National Personal Identifier (while active or 6 months)
Physical address (while active or 36 months)
Date of birth (while active or 6 months)
Billing address (while active or 36 months)
Account Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of establishing and authenticating your account, as well as communicating with us. Your data is also used to deliver the services and features that you have selected.
Data We Collect/Access:
Location Data may include
:
IP address (not stored)
Geolocation (26 months)
Device Data may include
:
Member ID (while active or 36 months)
Device ID (26 months)
Service Data may include
:
Reporting data based on metadata collected by product (36 months)
Applications error reports (12 months)
Crash dumps logs (12 months)
App-related usage data (while active or 36 months)
Location Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of establishing and authenticating your account, as well as communicating with you. This data is also used to deliver the services and features that you have selected.
Device Data
: This data is processed for the purposes of delivering product services.
Service Data
: This data is processed for the purpose of understanding product usage and to further develop and improve the product performance.
Data We Collect/Access from Third Parties:
Service Data may include
:
Bank account information and other financial account information (while active or 6 months)
Credit scores (18 months)
Financial transactions (while active or 6 months)
Service Data
: This data is used to deliver the services and features that you have selected, track your spending, compare it to financial benchmarks, and get personalized recommendations.
We also use this data for the purpose of helping us to further understand the usage, create aggregated reports and develop and improve the performance of our products.
HomeShield Pro
HomeShield Pro provides network security for TP-Link routers.
Categories of Data and Personal Data Processed (How Long It Is Stored)
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
Data We Collect/Access:
Device Data may include
:
IP address (36 months)
Device and router manufacturer and model (50 months)
Device names and/or assigned names (50 months)
Device and router identifiers including MAC address (while active or 50 months)
Security Data may include
:
Domain names (DNS), the target IP address (hostname) and associated traffic information and metadata (7 days)
Service Data may include
:
Network data and connection activity (36 months)
Events and product usage (50 months)
Device Data
: This data is used and generated internally at Gen for the purpose of displaying this information to the user and to deliver the product.
Security Data
: This data is used to deliver the product by analyzing the traffic to detect threats such as port scanning, DDoS and network penetration.
Service Data
: This data is used to understand product usage and to further develop and improve the product performance as well as telemetry.
Back to Top
About NortonLifeLock
|
Careers
|
News
|
Sitemap
|
Legal
|
License Agreement
|
Privacy
|
Cookies
|
Accessibility Policy
|
Contact Us
|
System Status
|
Privacy Settings
© 2019–2023 NortonLifeLock Inc. All rights reserved. NortonLifeLock, the NortonLifeLock Logo, the Checkmark Logo, Norton, LifeLock, and the LockMan Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of NortonLifeLock Inc. or its affiliates in the United States and other countries.
Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
United States
© 2019–2023 NortonLifeLock Inc. All rights reserved. NortonLifeLock, the NortonLifeLock Logo, the Checkmark Logo, Norton, LifeLock, and the LockMan Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of NortonLifeLock Inc. or its affiliates in the United States and other countries.
Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
This site uses cookies.
Learn more
about how and why.
OK
|
Settings