Privacy Policy
MeetFrank
We are MeetFrank OÜ, a company established and existing under laws of Estonia, with registry code 14314682, located at Erika 14, 10416 Tallinn (hereinafter
“MeetFrank”
,
“we”
,
“us”
and
“our”
) and we operate an online marketplace connecting Companies intending to fill their job vacancies with talented job seekers (
“Talent”
), whereas the connection is made through an algorithm based employment mediation platform www.meetfrank.com (
“Website”
).
MeetFrank respects the privacy and is committed to protect the personal information that Talent shares with MeetFrank. Hereby MeetFrank as the data controller will give an overview of our data processing activities. The scope of data processing activities depends on the services the Talent is using.
PERSONAL DATA
1.1 Registration and the use of MeetFrank standard service
To register as MeetFrank user and to use MeetFrank standard service, the Talent is requested to disclose the following categories of personal data: first name, e-mail address, city and country he/she is located at, speciality, length of experience, current or most recent job title, industry, size of the current or most recent company the Talent worked at, gross monthly salary, reasons to switch job.
During registration as well as using MeetFrank standard service, we do not request the Talent to disclose his/her full name. However, if Talent decides to share his contact details or other personal data with the Company via MeetFrank chatroom, then such data shall be collected and processed by MeetFrank and also the Company such information is shared with. MeetFrank does not use the personal data received via chatroom for any specific purpose and will delete this data as soon as parties have decided to leave the chatroom.
MeetFrank process only such personal data which has been obtained directly from the Talent.
The Talent understands and agrees that his/her anonymity in using the Website is not absolute. Due to the reason that the MeetFrank user account is connected with Talent’s e-mail address, your identity may be identifiable to MeetFrank.
1.2 The use of Talent Agent service
To use Talent Agent service, the Talent is requested to disclose the following categories of personal data: full name (incl. surname), profile picture, position, city and country he/she is located at, previous work experience, expectations for new job, expected monthly gross salary, list of companies the Talent wishes to hide his/her profile and data concerning his recruitment.
TALENT UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT BY CREATING TALENT AGENT PROFILE AND REQUESTING TALENT AGENT SERVICE, HE/SHE WILL NO LONGER BE ANONYMOUS FOR THE COMPANIES WHOSE JOB OPENING MATCHES WITH HIS/HER TALENT AGENT PROFILE. TALENT AGENT PROFILE, INCL. FULL NAME, OTHER DATA AND DATA REGARDING WHO IS INTERESTED IN HIM/HER, WILL BE DISCLOSED TO CERTAIN COMPANIES.
MeetFrank process only such personal data which has been obtained directly from the Talent, except data concerning Talent recruitment. At the end of Talent Agent service period, MeetFrank is entitled to use other sources to gain information whether the Talent was recruited through Talent Agent service, such as review Talent LinkedIn profile or ask from the Company the Talent was connected with.
1.2 Other personal data
In addition to the personal data collected in the registration process, MeetFrank collects the following personal data: current employer, Companies who are interested in the Talent and who has therefor contacted with the Talent via app or Website, communication between the Talent and MeetFrank (inquiries and complaints submitted via email), information regarding the device on which the Talent is using the Website, including the device’s model, name or any other identifier; Talent’s preferences on the Website; data about Talent’s interaction in the Website.
2. LEGAL GROUND AND PROCESSING PURPOSES
2.1 MeetFrank may process Talent personal data based on:
- Processing is necessary for the performance of the agreement (GDPR article 6 (1) (b));
- Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject to (GDPR article 6 (1) (c));
- Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us (GDPR article 6 (1) (f));
- Talent has granted a consent to the processing of his/her personal data (GDPR article 6 (1) (a)).
2.2 Talent’s personal data are processed for the following purposes:
- To enable an individual to sign-up as the Talent in the Website and to provide MeetFrank services to the Talent;
- To match Talent profile with the most suitable job offers by using MeetFrank algorithm;
- To enable the posting of personal content to Website (such as profile picture, Company ratings and reviews);
- To tailor content we display to the Talent in Website;
- To detect security incidents, to protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity;
- To measure interest and engagement in our Website;
- To analyze and improve MeetFrank services.
- To send promotional information related to the recruitment and hiring service;
- To verify the reviews and ratings given by the Talent to the Company.
The Companies are obligated to process Talent’s personal data only in accordance with MeetFrank privacy policy.
MeetFrank conducts data processing activities only during provision of MeetFrank service provided via the app or Website. For avoidance of doubt, MeetFrank does not process any data in relation to Talent and Company communication outside of the MeetFrank app and Website. Talent agrees and confirms that he/she will share his/her personal data to MeetFrank and Company to the minimum extent possible and Company agrees and confirms that it will process any personal data received from the Talent either via MeetFrank platform (including but not limited to the chatroom) or outside of it only under explicit consent of the Talent, while granting and protecting all applicable data protection rights of the Talent.
3. AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING
Automated decision making refers to a decision which is taken solely on the basis of automated processing of Talent’s Personal Data. This means processing using, for example, software code or an algorithm, which does not require human intervention.
We do not process Talent’s personal data within the scope of exclusively automated processing for the purpose of making decisions which have direct legal effect on Talent without human intervention or which significantly affects the Talent in a similar way.
We use an algorithm that automatically connects Talent with suitable job opening based on the profile disclosed by the Talent and requirements and criteria set by the Company in the job opening. The decision is made based on the personal data the Talent submits in his/her profile.
Our automated processing of Talents’ data is necessary in order to carry out the tasks outlined in our Terms of Service.
If the Talent does not agree to the automated processing of his/her personal data, then it will be impossible for us to provide the Talent with our services or for the Talent to become a user of our Website.
4. INTEGRITY AND RETENTION OF THE PERSONAL DATA
MeetFrank will retain Talent’s personal data for no longer than it is reasonably necessary for the purposes for which the data were initially collected or processed. Talent’s personal data shall be deleted at latest upon uninstalling the MeetFrank app.
5. RIGHTS RELATED WITH PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING
The Talent has the following rights in relation to the processing of his personal data:
5.1 Request information – all data protection related information which the Talent has right to receive is provided in this policy. The valid version of the policy is at all times available in our Website.
5.2 Right to access – Talent has the right to ask us to provide a copy of Talent’s personal data which we process.
5.3 Right to Rectification – Talent has the right to ask us to rectify personal data in case the data is incorrect or incomplete.
5.4 Right to Erasure – Talent has the right to ask us to erase personal data, unless we have obliged to continue processing such personal data under law or under a contract between the Talent and us, or in case we have other lawful grounds for the continued processing of personal data.
5.5 Right to Restriction – Talent has the right to ask us to restrict the processing of his personal data in case the data is incorrect or incomplete or in case his Personal Data is Processed unlawfully.
5.6 Right to Data Portability – Talent has the right to ask us to provide the Talent or, in case it is technically feasible, a third party, his personal data, which the Talent has provided to us and which is processed in accordance with Talent’s consent or a contract between the Talent and us.
5.7 Right to Object – Talent has the right to object to processing his personal data in case there is a reason to believe that we have no lawful grounds for processing the personal data.
5.8 Right to withdraw Consent for the Processing of Personal Data – Talent is entitled to withdraw the consent granted for the processing of personal data at any time.
5.9 Right to File Complaints – Talent has the right to file complaints regarding processing of his personal data.
In order to exercise any rights referred herein the Talent is required to submit a written application to us. We have the right to decline this application by justifying the reasons for the refusal.
6. COOKIES
We may use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the MeetFrank service. Web analytic service providers analyse the usage of the MeetFrank website/app and services so that MeetFrank could improve and amend our Website/app and function thereof. At the moment of accepting these Terms of Service, personal data is transferred to following web analytic service providers:
- Google Analytics, Google Inc., Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, e-mail address info@google.com;
- Mixpanel, Mixpanel Inc., San Francisco, One Front Street, 28th floor, San Francisco, CA 94111
- Facebook Analytics, Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour Dublin 2 Ireland.
MeetFrank is using session cookies while operating the Website www.MeetFrank.ee. Cookies are small data files stored on the user’s computer, smartphone or other end device. Cookies help MeetFrank to monitor and improve the functionality and usage of the Website and app.
MeetFrank platform user (the Company or the Talent) can delete or block cookies through his browser settings at any time. However, some cookies might be necessary for the functionality of the MeetFrank Website/app. Therefore, the user understands that when blocking or deleting the cookies some features of the Website might not function correctly. For more general information about cookies, please see www.allaboutcookies.org.
7. GENERAL
MeetFrank reserves the right to alter the terms of the Privacy Policy at any time by updating the Privacy Policy on the MeetFrank Website/app.
In case you have any question concerning Privacy Policy, please contact MeetFrank at support@meetfrank.com.
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalize content, analyse our traffic, and to make sure that your experience is consistent throughout your visit.
Only necessary
Allow cookies