Home
/
ToS & Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 491d
Last Update: 10th October, 2021
Thank you for playing our games! This Privacy Policy describes:
The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so
How we use your personal data, and
The choices you have about your personal data.
This Privacy Policy applies to GalaLab corp.'s games, websites and related services, which we here collectively call the Service. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on our customer support (https://galalab.helpshift.com/). If we make any material changes, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Service prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
THE DATA WE COLLECT
Data you provide us.
Your messages to the Service (such as chat logs and player support tickets)
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
Data we collect automatically.
Data about your account and game progress.
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI).
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language.
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below).
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Service
In most cases, we also create a GalaLab’s specific ID for you when you use the Service.
Data we collect from our partners.
Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service (such as Facebook or Google)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
To make the Service work.
To perform the contract, we process data necessary to
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Operate the Service
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you Service-related communications
To make the Service more suitable for our players.
To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to
Update and develop player profiles
Develop and improve the Service and player experience
Manage our relationship with you
Provide social features as part of the Service
Customize your Service experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Provide you GalaLab’s offers in the Service as well as in other websites and services, and by email
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
To show personalized advertisements.
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service as well as in other websites and services (including email) we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service
For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section 'Your rights and options' below.
To keep the Service safe and fair.
Ensuring a level playing field in the Service is a top priority for us. For more information on our acceptable use policy, see the GalaLab Terms of Service.
In order to keep the Service and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Analyze and monitor use of the Service and its social features
Moderate chats either automatically or manually
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
To analyze, profile, and segment.
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA
Apart from GalaLab, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
OTHER PLAYERS AND USERS.
Social features are a core component of our games. Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
PARTNERS WORKING FOR GALALAB.
GalaLab has partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to instructions from GalaLab and partners to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
Other companies and public authorities.
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
Advertising and Social Media partners.
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
<Important>
In the concrete, exemption from the targeting advertising and analysis.
To restrict the behavior based targeting advertising, you can restrict tracking the advertising on the settings. Opt-out is different depends on which browser and device to use, and opt out takes little bit of time to make the impact.
In the case of the app’s mobile advertisement, you can reset the identifier for advertising, opt-out the interest-based advertising (Android) depending on the devices, and enable to track the follow-up advertisement (iOS).
GalaLab cooperates with partners who run the various analyses and advertisements within the mobile app and web sites. The partners use cookies, web detecting system, and other tracing systems to collect and receive your data. They also can claim the authority to control your personal data. To see more detailed information regarding the Notice of Privacy Practices and opt out possibilities, please click the links below:
Facebook
Personal Information Protection Policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Google
Acknowledgement of Privacy Statement: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Tapjoy
Terms of Privacy Policy: https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy
HelpShift
Terms of Privacy Policy: https://www.helpshift.com/legal/privacy/
Adjust
Terms of Privacy Policy: https://www.adjust.com/privacy-policy/
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Our Service is global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Policy. Adequate safeguards that our partners may use include standard contractual clauses approved by EU Commission and the Privacy Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA.
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications.
Opt-out of targeted advertising.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android).
For personalized in-game offers opt-out, some features like participating the advertisement may not work..
Access the personal data we hold about you.
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Your other rights.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact Korea Consumer Agency (free of charge) in South Korea where the company is located. You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area for unresolved complaints.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Security Safeguards.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
Discontinuation & Deletion of Personal Information
You have the right to request that we stop processing your personal data and/or delete the information that we hold about you by contacting us via email (gala.mobilegame@galaglobal.com). If you request the deletion or erasure of personal information (hereinafter referred to as Discontinuation) because the information allegedly was handled in a manner exceeding the purpose of collection, or was acquired by deceit or other unlawful means, Gala Lab Corp. shall, upon confirming that the person making the request is the identified individual, conduct any necessary investigation without delay and, based on its results, perform Discontinuation free of charge as far as this is possible for Gala Lab Corp. and notify you. However, we may retain a copy of your personal data where we are required or permitted to so by law.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email:
gala.mobilegame@galaglobal.com
Notice of revisions to our South Korea Privacy Policy : 2023.11.23
ToS & Privacy Policy
[May 28] Updated Privacy Policy
News
Terms of Service
ToS & Privacy Policy
Notice of updates to Terms of Service : 2024.02.01
ToS & Privacy Policy
[FWC] Arena Finals Result
News
[PLEASE READ] Can I get a refund?
Shop, Purchases & VIP
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://galalab.helpshift.com/hc/en/4-flyff-legacy/section/10-tos-privacy-policy/?l=en&s=tos-privacy-policy&f=privacy-policy:
This website uses only the necessary cookies required for the site's proper functioning. By using the website, you consent to all cookies in accordance with the cookie policy. To know more, refer Cookie Policy.
Home
/
          
          ToS & Privacy Policy
ToS & Privacy Policy
Notice of updates to Terms of Service : 2024.02.01
■ Effective date of new privacy policy  : 2024.02.01 ■ Main changes  Accounts BeforeAfter Item Title-Dormant Characters Item Conte...
Notice of revisions to our South Korea Privacy Policy : 2023.11.23
■ Effective date of new privacy policy  : 2023.11.23We would like to remind you that this modification to the Terms applies to South Ko...
Update of Sanction Criteria
CategoryDescription1st2nd3rd Obstructing use of the game for others Using any of the expressions in the following clauses:Warning(7 days-mut...
Terms of Service
IntroductionIf you reside outside of the Republic of Korea, the terms of this agreement (the "Terms of Service") govern the relationship bet...
Privacy Policy
Last Update: 10th October, 2021Thank you for playing our games! This Privacy Policy describes:The ways we collect personal data about you an...
Sections
News
My Account
General Stuff
My Character
Gear & Upgrades
Quests, Dungeons & Activities
Social & Community
Shop, Purchases & VIP
Technical Stuff
ToS & Privacy Policy
Need more help?
Sub-policy 1
https://galalab.helpshift.com/hc/en/4-flyff-legacy/faq/1119-notice-of-revisions-to-our-south-korea-privacy-policy-2023-11-23/?l=en&s=tos-privacy-policy&f=privacy-policy:
This website uses only the necessary cookies required for the site's proper functioning. By using the website, you consent to all cookies in accordance with the cookie policy. To know more, refer Cookie Policy.
Home
/
ToS & Privacy Policy
Notice of revisions to our South Korea Privacy Policy : 2023.11.23
Last Updated: 414d
■
Effective date of new privacy policy
: 2023.11.23
We would like to remind you that this modification to the Terms applies to South Korea only.
■ Main changes
Before
Privacy Policy
THE DATA WE COLLECT
Data you provide us.
• Your messages to the Service (such as chat logs and player support tickets)
• Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
Data we collect automatically.
• Data about your account and game progress.
• Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI).
• Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language.
• Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below).
• Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Service
In most cases, we also create a GalaLab’s specific ID for you when you use the Service.
Data we collect from our partners.
• Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service (such as Facebook or Google)
• Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
• Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
• Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
• Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
To make the Service work.
To perform the contract, we process data necessary to
• Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
• Operate the Service
• Verify and confirm payments
• Provide and deliver products and services you request
• Send you Service-related communications
To make the Service more suitable for our players.
To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to
• Update and develop player profiles
• Develop and improve the Service and player experience
• Manage our relationship with you
• Provide social features as part of the Service
• Customize your Service experience
• Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
• Provide you GalaLab’s offers in the Service as well as in other websites and services, and by email
• Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
To show personalized advertisements.
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service as well as in other websites and services (including email) we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
• Track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
• Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service
For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section 'Your rights and options' below.
To keep the Service safe and fair.
Ensuring a level playing field in the Service is a top priority for us. For more information on our acceptable use policy, see the GalaLab Terms of Service.
In order to keep the Service and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
• Analyze and monitor use of the Service and its social features
• Moderate chats either automatically or manually
• Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
To analyze, profile, and segment.
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA
Apart from GalaLab, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
OTHER PLAYERS AND USERS.
Social features are a core component of our games. Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
PARTNERS WORKING FOR GALALAB.
GalaLab has partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to instructions from GalaLab and partners to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
Other companies and public authorities.
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
Advertising and Social Media partners.
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
-
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
Your other rights.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact Korea Consumer Agency (free of charge) in South Korea where the company is located.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Security Safeguards.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
-
After
Privacy Policy
Items of Personal Information collected
We collect the minimum amount of personal information necessary to provide our services.
Purpose
Item
Personal information fields (required)
Personal information fields (optional)
Collection methods
Account Linking
Login
Google/Facebook : Identifiers for account linking
-
Use of Service
Use of services
Purchase
Purchase date, PurchaseID, ProductID, Order number
(Personal information by payment method is collected and processed directly by the mobile market (Play store, Appstore), and refunds are processed in the same way)
Game Play
Game play history, device information (model information, OS information), IP address, login history, abuse history, service usage history, chat history, data collected through cookies and similar technologies, and data related to service usage
Using Personal Information
We use personal information for the following purposes, among others, to manage members, provide and improve services, and administer Flyff Legacy and related services
• Member management, including user identification
• User protection and service operation, including restrictions on use for members who violate the terms of service and related laws, prevention and sanctions for acts that interfere with the smooth operation of the service, including fraudulent use, prevention of account theft and fraudulent transactions, delivery of notices, preservation of records for dispute resolution, and handling of complaints.
• Analyzing service usage records and access frequency, statistics on service usage, providing customized services and displaying advertisements based on service analysis and statistics, etc.
• Marketing and promotion, such as providing event information and participation opportunities, providing advertising information, etc.
Provision of Personal Information
We do not provide personal information to external parties without the prior consent of the member, except in cases where the member has directly consented to the provision of personal information in order to use the services of an external partner, or where the obligation to submit personal information to the company has arisen in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, or where there is an imminent danger to the life or safety of the user and it is necessary to resolve it.
The period of retention and use of personal information of the recipient is until withdrawal of membership or termination of service, and other storage periods stipulated by the company's internal policies and laws. The Company entrusts some of the tasks that are essential for the provision of services to specialized companies in Korea and abroad, and manages them in compliance with relevant regulations so that the entrusted companies can safely process personal information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.
Outsourcing company
Purpose
Privacy Policy
Contact
Helpshift
Tools for customer support services
https://www.helpshift.com/legal/privacy/
privacy@helpshift.com
Google
Identifiers for account linking
https://policies.google.com/privacy
googlekrsupport@google.com
Facebook
Identifiers for account linking
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
korealocalagent@support.facebook.com
Tapjoy
Personalized advertisement
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy
tapjoy_privacy@unity3d.com
Adjust
Personalized advertisement
https://www.adjust.com/privacy-policy/
privacy@adjust.com
ADOP
Personalized advertisement
https://adop.cc/privacy-policy/
manage@adop.cc
Period of Retention and Use of Personal Information, and Destruction
In principle, the Company destroys members' personal information without delay when the purpose of using personal information is fulfilled.
For electronic files, we use technical methods to securely delete them so that they cannot be recovered or reproduced, and we destroy printouts by shredding or incinerating them.
However, if we have obtained prior consent from the member, or if we are obligated to retain it by applicable law, we will store it securely and in accordance with applicable standards.
In the following cases, we are obligated to preserve information in accordance with related laws, such as the Act On The Consumer Protection In Electronic Commerce, Framework Act On National Taxes, Electronic Financial Transactions Act, and Protection Of Communications Secrets Act.
Retained items
Supporting legislation
Retained period
Records about contracts or withdrawals, etc.
Act On The Consumer Protection In Electronic Commerce
5 years
Records of payments and supplies of goods, etc.
5 years
Records regarding the handling of consumer complaints or disputes
3 years
Records about displays, ads
6 months
Books and documentation for all transactions as required by tax law.
Framework Act On National Taxes
5 years
Records of electronic financial transactions
Electronic Financial Transactions Act
5 years
Login history
Protection Of Communications Secrets Act
3 months
Member's Rights and How to Exercise Them
Your other rights.
You also have the right to objectively explain how we correct, delete, use, and share your data, and to restrict how we use or share your data. We will respond to all requests within a reasonable time after receiving them. If you have a privacy or data use concern that has not been resolved to your satisfaction, you may contact the Korea Consumer Affairs Organization (free of charge) in the country where we are located.
• Flyff Legacy Customer Service -
https://galalab.helpshift.com/hc/ko/4-flyff-legacy/
How We Protect Your Data
In processing your personal information, we take the following technical and administrative measures to ensure the safety of your personal information so that it is not lost, stolen, leaked, altered, or damaged.
•
Members' personal information is stored encrypted, and when it is necessary to transmit such personal information, it is transmitted securely using encrypted communication.
•
We back up and manage important data from time to time to prevent damage to personal information, and install and operate regularly updated antivirus programs to prevent infection with malware or viruses.
•
We minimize the number of people in charge of handling personal information, and conduct regular or ongoing training and campaigns for personal information handlers and company-wide employees.
Rights of Members and Legal Representatives and How to Exercise Them
In principle, the Company destroys the information after the purpose of collecting and using personal information is fulfilled. However, if it is necessary to preserve it in accordance with the provisions of the relevant laws and regulations, the Company will keep the member's information for a certain period of time stipulated by the relevant laws and regulations.
Members and their legal representatives may request the deletion of their personal information or that of their children under the age of 14 at any time, and the Company will take necessary measures without delay upon such request.
To delete personal information of a member or child under the age of 14, please contact our customer service, and after going through the identification procedure, you can delete and withdraw.
• Flyff Legacy Customer Service https://galalab.helpshift.com/hc/ko/4-flyff-legacy/
We will process personal information deleted at the request of a member or legal representative as specified in the 'Personal Information Retention and Use Period' and will not be able to view or use it for any other purpose.
Contact Us
We have designated a privacy officer to handle inquiries and complaints regarding members' personal information.
We also designate a Data Protection Officer (DPO) for users located in the European Union or United Kingdom.
Privacy Officer
HyoukJae Jang
Phone number
02-6949-4811
Email
gl.privacy@galaglobal.com
If you need to report or discuss other privacy breaches, you can contact the organizations below for assistance.
Korea Internet & Security Agency Report Center
https://privacy.kisa.or.kr
118
Supreme Prosecutor's Office Republic of Korea - Cybercrime Investigation Division
https://www.spo.go.kr /
1301
Korean National Police Agency Cyber Bureau
https://cyberbureau.polic.go.kr
182
Need more help?
Sub-policy 2
https://galalab.helpshift.com/hc/en/4-flyff-legacy/faq/204-may-28-updated-privacy-policy/?l=en&s=tos-privacy-policy&f=privacy-policy:
This website uses only the necessary cookies required for the site's proper functioning. By using the website, you consent to all cookies in accordance with the cookie policy. To know more, refer Cookie Policy.
Home
/
News
[May 28] Updated Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 647d
Greetings,
We have updated our Privacy Policy in accordance with the GDPR ruleset; we take privacy for our users very seriously, so this was a meaningful change.
• We require absolute and affirmative consent before saving, tracking, or using any type of cookies and/or personal data (ex: for analytical purposes).
• Any data which we collect, store, use, or analyze is directly relevant to our business activities and/or usages.
For more information, please click this link to our updated Privacy Policy:
https://galalab.helpshift.com/a/flyff-legacy/?l=en&s=tos-privacy-policy&f=privacy-policy
Need more help?
Sub-policy 3
https://galalab.helpshift.com/hc/en/4-flyff-legacy/faq/6-terms-of-service/?l=en&s=tos-privacy-policy&f=privacy-policy:
This website uses only the necessary cookies required for the site's proper functioning. By using the website, you consent to all cookies in accordance with the cookie policy. To know more, refer Cookie Policy.
Home
/
ToS & Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Last Updated: 786d
Introduction
If you reside outside of the Republic of Korea, the terms of this agreement (the "Terms of Service") govern the relationship between you and GALA LAB CORP. and/or its affiliates ( "GALA LAB CORP." "we," or "us") regarding your play or use of, or participation in, GALA LAB CORP. mobile games ("Games") and related services and game support applications, including, without limitation,
Every GALA LAB CORP. App or other game related applications ("Application” or "Applications”), GALA LAB CORP. branded websites (“Websites”), online communities for Games or social network services offered platform for Games (collectively, the "Services").
Use of the Services is also governed by the privacy policy of GALA LAB CORP. (“Privacy Policy”) as well as the GALA LAB CORP.'s community standards, which are incorporated herein by reference. We may collect and use your content and information in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
By downloading or playing the Game, accessing and/or using the Services, and/or creating a GALA LAB CORP. account, you accept and agree to be bound by the Terms of Service, the Privacy Policy, and the GALA LAB CORP.'s community standards (collectively, the "GALA LAB CORP. Policy”). By agreeing with the GALA LAB CORP. Policy, You represent that you are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of applicable jurisdictions. You also represent that you are thirteen (13) years of age or older If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you represent that
your legal guardian has reviewed and agrees to the Terms of Service.
GALA LAB CORP. may amend, at its discretion, any portion of the GALA LAB CORP. Policy at any time by posting or displaying the amended GALA LAB CORP. Policy within and/or on the Games, or any of the Websites. You will be deemed to have accepted such amendments by continuing to use the Service. Except as otherwise stated, any such amendments will be automatically effective after they are initially posted.
License
Ownership
GALA LAB CORP. and/or its licensors retain exclusive right, title and interest (including all intellectual property rights) in and to the Game Software, copies thereof, and all error corrections, bug-fixes, patches, updates, derivative works, improvements, modifications thereto (whether made by GALA LAB CORP., its licensors, you, or otherwise), including, but not limited to, any titles, computer code, themes, objects, characters, character names, stories, dialog, catch phrases, locations, concepts, artwork, character inventories, structural or landscape designs, animations, sounds, musical compositions, audio-visual effects, storylines, character likenesses, methods of operation, moral rights, any related documentation, and “applets” incorporated into the Game Software. The rights described in the foregoing sentence are the copyrighted work of GALA LAB CORP. and/or its licensors and are protected by the copyright laws of any nation in which GALA LAB CORP. provides the end user with the Game Software, international copyright treaties and conventions, and/or other applicable laws. All rights are reserved. The Game Software may contain certain licensed materials, and the licensors of those materials may enforce their rights in the event of any violation of this Terms of Service.
Nothing in this Terms of Service is intended to transfer any of the right, title and interest (including all intellectual property rights) described in the paragraph above from GALA LAB CORP. and/or its licensors to you or any third party. If you are ever inadvertently or erroneous held or deemed to be the owner of any such rights, you agree to assign and hereby irrevocably assign to GALA LAB CORP. or its licensors, as the case may be, all such rights as of the effective date of this Terms of Service, and agree to execute all documents to implement and confirm the letter and intent of the foregoing.
Only those licenses expressly set forth in this Terms of Service are granted. No other licenses are granted under this Terms of Service, whether by implication, estoppels, course of conduct, or
otherwise.
Limited License
Subject to your agreement and complete compliance with the Terms of Service, we grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sub licensable, revocable limited license to access and use our Services for your own personal and non-commercial use. You agree not to use our Services for anything else.
Revocation of Limited License, Change of Services
We reserve the right to revoke the limited license granted to you herein in our sole and absolute discretion. We may also, in our sole and absolute discretion, limit or terminate your right to access or use our Services or part thereof, maintain or delete your account and any items associated therewith, including but not limited to any Virtual Money or Virtual Goods (as defined below), without any liability to you.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT BE COMPENSATED UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES FOR ANY VIRTUAL MONEY, VIRTUAL GOODS, ANYTHING ELSE ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR ACCOUNT, OR FOR ANY OTHER REASON WHATSOEVER, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER YOU ARE BARRED FROM ACCESS TO THEM AS A RESULT OF REVOCATION OF THE LIMITED LICENSE OR CHANGE OF OUR SERVICES.
In addition, we reserve the right to change all or part of our Services without any liability to you, at any time without any prior notice to you. Without limiting the generality of our rights reserved in the foregoing, we may modify our Services: (a) for technical reasons (such as technical difficulties experienced by us or on the internet); (b) to allow us to improve user experience; (c) where we have legal reasons for doing so (including privacy or other legal objections to the content or conduct of our Services); (d) because it no longer makes business sense for us to provide the
relevant Service; or (e) because we have altered the Services we provide.
Accounts
Guest Accounts
If you use the GALA LAB CORP. Service without creating a GALA account, we will create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to an account number ("Guest Accounts").
We will use the Guest Account information for providing customer support to any users who have not created a GALA LAB Account.
PLEASE KEEP IN MIND THAT YOU MAY NOT RECEIVE CUSTOMER SUPPORTS OR MAY NOT USE VIRTUAL MONEY OR VIRTUAL GOODS FOR WHICH YOU HAVE PAID IF YOU CHANGE YOUR MOBILE DEVICE WITHOUT CREATING A GALA LAB ACCOUNT.
Third Party Account
You may allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform, which will provide data about you to us. If you choose to connect to one of our Websites or Applications through a third-party social network such as Facebook or Game Center (for iOS devices), we may collect personal Information from your profile on such third-party social networks, such as your name, username, and photograph. You should ensure that you read their terms of service and privacy policies to understand how they treat your data and what data they might share with us.
Responsibility of Account User
YOU ARE SOLELY AND FULLY RESPONSIBLE FOR KEEPING YOUR LOGIN DETAILS CONFIDENTIAL AND ALL USES OF YOUR ACCOUNT, INCLUDING ANY AND ALL ACTIVITIES THAT ARE CONDUCTED THROUGH THE USE OF YOUR LOGIN DETAILS, WHETHER NOT AUTHORIZED BY YOU.
You may not use anyone else's account or permit others to use your account at any time. You acknowledge and agree to accept full responsibility for all fees and purchases made through your account (including any unauthorized purchases) and agree to fully compensate us for any loss or harm that may result. GALA LAB CORP. will not be responsible to you for any losses resulting from an unauthorized access or use of your account, whether fraudulently or otherwise.
Termination of Account
You have the right to terminate or cancel your Account at any time. You understand and agree that the cancellation of your Account is your sole right and remedy with respect to any dispute, including, but not limited to, any related to, or arising out of: (i) any term of these Terms of Service or GALA LAB CORP.’s enforcement or application of these Terms of Service; (ii) the Content (defined below) available through Gala Lab Corp..com; (iii) your ability to access and/or use Gala Lab Corp..com; or (iv) the amount or type of fees, surcharges, applicable taxes, billing methods, or any change to the fees, applicable taxes, surcharges or billing methods.
User Content
You understand that all User Content is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such content originated. We do not control User Content and we do not make any guarantee whatsoever related to User Content. Although we sometimes review User Content, we are not obligated to do so. Under no circumstances will we be liable or responsible in any way for any claim related to User Content.
By Posting any User Content to or through the Application(s), you grant us a royalty-free, irrevocable, transferrable, sub-licensable, perpetual and non-exclusive license throughout the universe for use in any and all media whether now known or hereafter devised to copy, modify, distribute, display, broadcast, perform, make derivative works from, use and otherwise exploit any and all such User Content for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation any commercial, advertising, or promotional uses, and to license third parties to do the same. You also waive to the full extent permitted by law any and all claims against us related to moral rights in User Content. In no circumstances will we be liable for any exploitation of any User Content that you Post. You affirm, represent, and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to publish Content you Post.
If any of the User Content that you Post to or through the Applications contains ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals to us, we will have no obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to such User Content, and we shall be entitled to use, exploit or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) such User Content at our sole discretion without any obligation to you whatsoever (i.e., you will not be entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from us under any circumstances).
If any of the User Content you Post to or through the Application(s) contains the name, image, voice, likeness, or biographical information (“Likeness”) of any person, you hereby represent to GALA LAB CORP. that you have obtained all necessary rights to that Likeness, and that GALA LAB CORP.’s use of that person’s Likeness will not violate the proprietary rights of any person or entity. Upon request, you will provide GALA LAB CORP. with a signed consent regarding the rights granted to GALA LAB CORP. regarding your Likeness, and you will provide GALA LAB CORP. with copies of similar consents and permissions for any Likeness other than your own that is included in your User Content. By Posting User Content to or through the Application(s), you hereby grant to GALA LAB CORP. a royalty-free, irrevocable, transferrable, sub-licensable, perpetual and non-exclusive license throughout the universe for use in any and all media whether now known or hereafter devised to use the Likenesses contained within the User Content for any purpose
whatsoever, including without limitation commercial, advertising, and/or promotional uses, for GALA LAB CORP., its subsidiary and affiliated companies, and/or any of such entities’ products or services.
User Conduct
You agree that you will be personally responsible for your use of GALA LAB CORP. services and for all of your Content and online activity on the Service, and that you will indemnify and hold harmless GALA LAB CORP., its licensors, affiliates, employees, officers, and directors from all claims for liabilities, losses and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, from third parties arising from such conduct. Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules and
regulations governing the disclosure and use of third party property, including, without limitation, any and all intellectual property rights. Moreover, you agree not to engage in any of the following:
(a) Post, transmit, promote, or distribute illegal Content.
(b) Harass, threaten, abuse, disparage, libel, slander, embarrass, or do anything else to another Member, guest or GALA LAB CORP. employee.
(c) Transmit or facilitate distribution of Content that is harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, vulgar, sexually explicit, defamatory, infringing, invasive of personal privacy or publicity
rights, or in a reasonable person's view, objectionable.
(d) Infringe upon the intellectual property rights of GALA LAB CORP. or any third party.
(e) Alter or cancel another Member's Account.
(f) Disrupt the flow of chat in chat rooms with vulgar language, abusiveness, hitting the return key repeatedly or inputting large images so the screen goes by too fast to read, use of excessive
shouting [all caps] in an attempt to disturb other users, "spamming"
or flooding [posting repetitive text].
(g) Impersonate another person, indicate that you are a GALA LAB CORP. employee or a representative of Gala Lab Corp..com, or attempt to mislead Members or guests by indicating that you represent GALA LAB CORP. or any of GALA LAB CORP.’s licensors or affiliates.
(h) Attempt to get a log-in I.D., password, or other Account information, or any other private information from a Member or any other user on Gala Lab Corp..com. Remember: GALA LAB CORP. employees will NEVER ask for your password. Don't give your password or billing information out to anyone.
(i) Upload any Content that you do not own or have the right to freely distribute.
(j) Engage in or promote or encourage any illegal activity including hacking, cracking or distribution of counterfeit software.
(k) Upload files that contain a virus or corrupted data.
(l) Post messages for any purpose other than personal communication, including, without limitation, advertising, promotional materials, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or make any commercial use of our Service.
(m) Improperly use in game support or complaint buttons or make false reports to GALA LAB CORP.
(n) Use, develop, or distribute "auto" software programs, "macro" software programs or other "cheat utility" software program or applications.
(o) Modify, delete or create derivative works of the Service or Website, or any component thereof.
(p) Post or communicate any player's real-world personal information within the Service or any other part of the Web Site.
(q) Interfere with, hack into or decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Service.
(r) Exploit any bug in the Service or in any GALA LAB CORP. product to gain unfair advantage in the game and you will not communicate the existence of any such bug (either directly or through the
public posting) to any other user of the Service.
(s) Attempt to play your GALA LAB CORP. game on or through any service that is not controlled or authorized by GALA LAB CORP. You will not participate in any online service that provides online
features or game play for your Gala Lab Corp..com game that is not authorized by GALA LAB CORP.
(t) Do anything that interferes with the ability of other Members or guests to enjoy playing a GALA LAB CORP. game and using the Service or that materially increases the expense or difficulty of GALA LAB CORP. in maintaining the Service for the enjoyment of all its Members and guests.
If you encounter another Member who is violating any of the items described in the Online Conduct list above, please report them using the Help or Report Abuse functions of the Service.
GALA LAB CORP. does not recognize or condone any outside service that may be used for the exchange of points, assets or attributes that you may accumulate as a result of participating in the
Service or playing your Gala Lab Corp. game. This includes the exchange of Gala Lab Corp. Accounts, or items on services including eBay or Yahoo! Auctions. We do not assume any responsibility for, and won’t support such transactions.
NOTE THAT YOU ARE ONLY LICENSING THE RIGHTS TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT AND THE SERVICE, AND AS GALA LAB CORP. EITHER OWNS, OR HAS EXCLUSIVELY LICENSED, ALL OF THE GAME SOFTWARE AND OTHER CONTENT WHICH APPEARS IN THE SERVICE, GALA LAB CORP. DOES NOT RECOGNIZE ANY PROPERTY CLAIMS OUTSIDE OF THE SERVICE, OR THE PURPORTED SALE, GIFT OR TRADE IN THE REAL WORLD OF ANYTHING RELATED TO THE SERVICE. SPEFICALLY, ALTHOUGH YOU MAY ACQUIRE, CREATE, DESIGN, OR MODIFY GAME SOFTWARE-RELATED ITEMS, YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT GAIN ANY OWNERSHIP INTEREST WHATSOEVER IN ANY SUCH ITEMS. ACCORDINGLY, YOU MAY NOT SELL GAME ITEMS OR ACCOUNTS FOR REAL MONEY OR EXCHANGE ITEMS OF THE SERVICE, AND DOING SO MAY LEAD TO THE IMMEDIATE TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT AND/OR THE ACCOUNT OF THE MEMBER WHO HAS ACQUIRED SUCH GAME ITEMS OR ACCOUNTS. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT THESE RULES WILL APPLY TO ANYONE THAT YOU ALLOW TO USE YOUR SERVICE ACCOUNT OR USER ID, AND THAT YOU ARE PERSONALLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONSEQUENCES (INCLUDING TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT) THAT MAY RESULT IF ANY SUCH PERSON VIOLATES THESE RULES.
Social Networking Features and Game Forums
While using the Applications, you may enable interactivity between the Applications and certain social networking services, such as Facebook, Google +, or Twitter. These services enable you and
GALA LAB CORP. to communicate with third parties. In addition, you may display the information generated from your participation in games on these social networks. You may also engage in Application forums for the purpose of communicating with other players about topics such as game strategy.
You understand that much of the information included in the social networking features and the forums is from other players who are not employed by or under the control of GALA LAB CORP.. You further acknowledge that a large volume of information is available in the social networking
features and the forums and that people participating in them occasionally Post messages or make statements, whether intentionally or unintentionally, that are inaccurate, misleading, deceptive, abusive or even unlawful.
We neither endorse nor are responsible for such messages or statements, or for any opinion, advice, information or other utterance made or displayed by you or the other players. The opinions expressed reflect solely the opinion(s) of you and the other players and may not reflect our opinion(s). We are not responsible for any errors or omissions in Postings, for hyperlinks embedded in messages or for any results obtained from the use of the information. Under no circumstances will we be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on such information.
You should be aware that, when you disclose information about yourself using a social networking feature or forum, the information is being made publicly available and may be collected and used by other users. When you disclose any information, you do so at your own risk. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor the social networking features or the forums. You acknowledge and agree that we have the right (but not the obligation) to monitor, record and store your communications and to disclose such materials and the circumstances surrounding their transmission to any third party in order to operate the Applications properly, to protect ourselves, our sponsors and our members and visitors and/or to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests.
Virtual Goods and Virtual Money
Our Services may include fictional currencies such as coins, gold coins and points ("Virtual Money") and virtual items or services for use with our Services ("Virtual Goods"). You can buy Virtual Money from us for real money if you are a legal adult in your country of residence. If you are a legal adult in your country of residence, you may also be able to buy Virtual Goods for real money and/or other credits. You agree that you will only purchase Virtual Money and/or Virtual Goods from us or a third party store used by us, and not from any third party. We reserve the right to charge fees for the right to access or use Virtual Money or Virtual Goods, and we revise the perceived value or
pricing for any Virtual Money or Virtual Goods. We may also decide to distribute Virtual Money or Virtual Goods without charge, in our sole discretion.
You do not own Virtual Goods or Virtual Money but instead you purchase a limited personal revocable license to use Virtual Goods or Virtual Money exclusively within the Services - any balance of Virtual Goods or Virtual Money does not reflect any cash or stored value. You have no
other rights, title or ownership with respect to Virtual Money or Virtual Goods.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT VIRTUAL MONEY OR VIRTUAL GOODS HAVE NO CASH VALUE AND CAN NEVER BE EXCHANGED FOR REAL MONEY, GOODS OR SERVICES FROM US OR ANYONE ELSE.
You agree that all sales of Virtual Money and Virtual Goods are final and that we will not refund any transaction once it has been made. A license to use Virtual Goods or Virtual Money is granted
immediately when your purchase is complete. The performance of our Services begins and completes promptly, and therefore your right of withdrawal is lost at this point.
We reserve the right to control, regulate, change or remove any Virtual Money or Virtual Goods in our sole discretion and without any liability to you.
We prohibit and do not recognize any purported transfers of Virtual Money or Virtual Goods effectuated outside of our Services, or the purported sale, gift or trade in the “real world” of
anything that appears or originates in our Services, unless expressly authorized by us. Any such transfer or attempted transfer is prohibited and void, and may subject your account to termination.
Modification to Service
GALA LAB CORP. may at any time and from time to time revise, supplement, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice to you, and terminate all licenses granted in these Terms of Service. You agree that neither
GALA LAB CORP. nor any of its affiliates, licensors, agents, or employees is liable to you or any third party for any revision, supplement, suspension, or discontinuation of the Service, and termination of any license.
GALA LAB CORP., in its sole discretion, may remove or delete any of your Content when such Content has exceeded a pre-determined time restriction and/or quantity, or when the Website or the Service, or any component thereof, requires maintenance or upgrades.
Termination of Service
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to our Services (including by deleting your account) and revoke your limited license granted herein, without or without prior notice to
you, at any time for any reason or for no reason. In such event, GALA LAB CORP.
is not required to provide refunds, benefits or other compensation to Users in connection with such discontinued elements of the Services.
Without limiting the generality, if we believe that you are in material breach of the Terms of Service (including by repeated minor breaches), we may terminate and delete your account without warning. We may also terminate or suspend your account for any other reason that we in our sole discretion determine appropriate. For the purposes herein, any breach of User Conduct shall be deemed to constitute material breaches of the Terms of Service subject to immediate termination of your account and access to our Services.
You agree to compensate us for all losses, harm, claims and expenses that may arise from any of your breaches of the Terms of Service.
SMS Notifications, Push Notifications, Local Notifications & email Notifications
We may send local or push notifications to your mobile device to make you aware of game updates, promotional events, new game information, and other relevant messages regarding the game service. You can manage push notifications from the “options” or “settings” page within the
relevant game. You may also be able to manage them from your device’s settings page for the relevant game.
Also, we may send e-mail to your e-mail account to make you aware of game updates, promotional events, new game information, and other relevant messages regarding the game service. If you do
not want receive our e-mail notification, please contact us.
We will not send any SMS notification to your mobile device unless we obtain affirmative express consent from you in compliance with any applicable laws or regulations.
Our Intellectual Property
You understand and acknowledge that the Website, Content and other applications made available on the Service is owned solely and exclusively by GALA LAB CORP., its licensors or its affiliates, and are protected by applicable Korean laws and regulations, and international
treaties relating to copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights. Under no circumstance will you obtain any ownership interest in any such proprietary subject matter pursuant to these Terms of Service or otherwise.
You shall not download, copy, transmit, modify, reproduce, distribute, show in public or in private, or create any derivative works of the Service, Website or any Content displayed therein.
Unauthorized downloading, copying, transmitting, modifying, reproducing, distributing, showing and creating of derivative works of any Content may lead to the termination of your Account(s) and subject you to further legal action.
Similarly, other Content owners may take criminal or civil action against you. In that event, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless GALA LAB CORP. and its licensors, affiliates, employees, officers, directors and agents from all claims for liabilities, losses and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, from third parties in connection with such actions.
If GALA LAB CORP. receives notice alleging that you have engaged in infringing behavior or reasonably suspects that your use of the Services violates GALA LAB CORP.’s or others’ intellectual property rights, GALA LAB CORP. may, in its sole discretion, suspect or terminate your Account(s) with or without notice to you.
GALA LAB CORP., its logo(s), GALALAB.KR, and associated brand names and domain names are trademarks of GALA LAB CORP. in the Republic of Korea and other countries. GALA LAB CORP. trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner can be interpreted as business disparagement. All other trademarks not owned by GALA LAB CORP. that may appear on the Website are the property of their respective owners. You may not use, and nothing contained on the Website grants, by implication, waiver, estoppels or otherwise, any right to use, any trademark displayed on the Website without the written permission of GALA LAB CORP. or the respective
owner of such trademark, service mark or logo.
Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that their rights under the United States Copyright Act have been infringed by acts of third
parties over the Internet.
If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by us infringe your intellectual property rights, then please contact us by accessing the Customer Center in our Services and provide the following
information:
(a) a description of the intellectual property rights in reasonably sufficient details and an explanation as to how they have been infringed;
(b) a description of the infringing material and where the infringing material is located;
(c) your address, phone number and email address at which we can contact you;
(d) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that (i) you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use of material in which you own intellectual property rights is not authorized, and
(ii) the information that you are providing is accurate, correct, and that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; and
(e) a physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that has allegedly been infringed.
The notice of your claim may also be submitted in writing to our designated agent as follows:
GALA LAB CORP. 46, Nonhyeon-ro 85gil, Gangnam-gu, Seoul,
Korea 06235
Email:
gala.mobilegame@galaglobal.com
Privacy
We collect, process, use and share your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein and constitutes part of the Terms of Service.
By using our Services, you give your consent to us collecting, processing, using and sharing your personal data in the manner set forth in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to our Privacy
Policy you should not access and/or use our Services, including any Services available through third party platforms.
You acknowledge that the Websites and Services may not be private or secure, and we may no guarantees whatsoever. You are responsible for taking necessary and appropriate precautions and security measures bested suited for your use of the Services.
Links
We may provide links to third party websites or services within our Services sorely as a convenience to you. You understand that we do not control any contents, goods or services by such third party. We do not make any representations or warranties whatsoever about any other website that you may access through our Services, and we do not endorse the same.
Access and use of the linked site or services is solely at your own risk and responsibility, and you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible or liable to you, directly or indirectly, for any losses or harm caused by your use of the linked website or services, and any contents, information, advertisement, or other links therein.
Your correspondence or dealings with the linked website or service providers are solely between you and such third party, and GALA LAB CORP. is neither responsible nor liable for any part of such dealings. Any charges you incur in relation to those third parties are your responsibility. You understand that when you provide data to such third parties, you are providing it in accordance with their privacy policy (if any), and our Privacy Policy does not apply with respect to such data provided to the third parties.
Advertisement
We may provide Users with advertisements about our Services and/or other products or services, including those of a third party, that you may be interested in. Please see our Privacy Policy for
details.
Member Disputes
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Users of the Services. We may, at its sole discretion, attempt to mediate disputes between Users. We are not responsible and expressly
disclaim any liability for any transactions administered by a third party payment service provider and/or store.
Release
IF YOU HAVE A DISPUTE WITH ONE OR MORE USERS OF THE APPLICATIONS, OR WITH ANY PARTY WHO PROVIDES ADVERTISING OR THIRD-PARTY SERVICES IN CONNECTION WITH, ON, OR THROUGH THE APPLICATIONS, OR WITH ANY PARTY WHO PROVIDES A WEBSITE OR APPLICATION LINKED TO BY THE APPLICATIONS, YOU RELEASE US FROM CLAIMS, DEMANDS AND DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, STATUTORY, EXEMPLARY, EXPECTATION, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL) OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR UNDER OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTE. YOU ALSO WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE §1542, WHICH SAYS: "A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR." YOU ALSO WAIVE ANY AND ALL BENEFITS AND RIGHTS THAT WOULD OTHERWISE ACCRUE TO YOU BY REASON OF THE PROVISIONS OF ANY FEDERAL OR STATE STATUTE OR PRINCIPLE OF COMMON LAW OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES, OR ANY POLITICAL ENTITY OR NATION, PROVINCE OR LOCAL LAW OR REGULATION THAT MAY GOVERN THIS RELEASE, WHICH STATUTE, REGULATION, LAW OR PRINCIPLE PROVIDES IN SUBSTANCE SOMETHING SIMILAR TO CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE § 1542. YOU AGREE NOT TO FILE ANY LAWSUIT OR PROCEEDING INCONSISTENT WITH THE FOREGOING RELEASE.
Beta
You may be given the opportunity to beta test new games and site features. Your participation as a beta tester is subject to the following terms and conditions.
Closed Beta Tests
Closed beta tests are confidential. The beta games, including information about features and functionality to be offered as part of the games, are confidential. If you participate in a closed
beta test, you must safeguard and prevent unauthorized access to, copying, disclosure, and unauthorized use of the beta games. You will carry out the testing personally and not provide access to beta games to any other person. You agree that breach of the above confidentiality obligations will cause irreparable harm to GALA LAB CORP., and GALA LAB CORP. is entitled to (in
addition to any other remedies available to it) ex parte injunctive relief without bond to prevent the breach or threatened breach of your obligations.
Your obligation to keep the beta games confidential will continue until GALA LAB CORP. publicly distributes, or has otherwise disclosed to the public through no fault of yours, each of the games and the content that you are testing.
All Beta Tests (Closed and Open)
(a) As a beta tester, you are invited to play beta games for the sole purpose of evaluating the games and identifying errors. Nothing in this Agreement, or on this site, shall be construed as
granting you any rights or privileges of any kind with respect to the beta games or content that you find here. The beta games are provided for testing on an “as is” basis and we make no warranty to you of any kind, express or implied.
(b) When playing some beta games, you may accumulate treasure, experience points, equipment, or other value or status indicators.
This data may be reset at any time during the testing process, and it may be reset when the particular game completes this testing phase. In this case, all player history and data will be erased and each player will return to novice status.
(c) By selecting a "Play" button to start a beta game, you agree that: (i) playing beta games is at your own risk and that you know that the games may include known or unknown bugs, (i)
any value or status indicators that you achieve through game play may be erased at any time, (iii) GALA LAB CORP. has no obligation to make these games available for play without charge for any period of time, nor to make them available at all, (iv) these games may be available only by subscription once the testing process is complete or at any time in the future; (v) these Terms of Service apply to your use of the games during the testing phase, and (vi) if it is a closed beta test, you will keep all information about the beta games confidential as stated above and not disclose such information to any other person.
(d) Beta Test accounts are non-transferable under any circumstances.
Disclaimers of Warranties
TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THE USE OF THE SERVICE, WEBSITE, GAME SOFTWARE, AND THE INTERNET IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. GALA LAB CORP..COM, WEBSITE, GAME SOFTWARE, GALA LAB CORP.’S PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, THIRD-PARTY SERVICES AND PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS FOR YOUR USE, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTIBILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. GALA LAB CORP. PROVIDES THE SERVICE ON A COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE BASIS AND DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT YOU WILL BE ABLE TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE AT TIMES OR LOCATIONS OF YOUR CHOOSING, OR THAT GALA LAB CORP. WILL HAVE ADEQUATE CAPACITY FOR THE SERVICE AS A WHOLE OR IN ANY SPECIFIC GEOGRAPHIC AREA.
Limitation of Liability
NO PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE SHALL APPLY TO LIMIT LIABILITY ARISING FROM DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE OR FOR FRAUD. OTHERWISE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW THAT YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY DISPUTE WITH GALA LAB CORP. OR ITS LICENSORS, OR GALA LAB CORP.’S OR ITS LICENSOR’S AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS OR DIRETCORS (COLLECTIVELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS CLAUSE “GALA LAB CORP. AND ITS AFFILIATES”) IS TO STOP USING THE SERVICE, AND TO CANCEL YOUR ACCOUNT. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT WILL GALA LAB CORP. AND ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY ACT OR FAILURE
TO ACT BY THEM OR ANY OTHER PERSON REGARDING CONDUCT, COMMUNICATION (INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO DEFAMATORY COMMUNICATIONS) OR CONTENT ON THE SERVICE OR USE OF GAME SOFTWARE. MOREOVER, IN NO CASE SHALL GALA LAB CORP. AND ITS AFFILIATES LIABILITY TO YOU EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT YOU PAID TO GALA LAB CORP. FOR THE SERVICE IN THE YEAR IN WHICH LIABILITY ARISES. FURTHERMORE, IN NO CASE SHALL GALA LAB CORP. AND ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LI MITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM DATA, USE, GOODWILL, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS) ARISING FROM THE USE OF YOUR ACCOUNT (WHETHER BY YOU OR OTHERWISE), GAME SOFTWARE, THE INTERNET OR FOR ANY OTHER CLAIM RELATED IN ANY WAY TO THE USE OF YOUR ACCOUNT (WHETHER BY YOU OR OTHERWISE) , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DEFAMATION AND/OR CONTENT RELATED CLAIMS, OR MEMBERSHIP WITH GALA LAB CORP..COM, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT GALA LAB CORP. AND ITS AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE
SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH STATES OR JURISDICTIONS, GALA LAB CORP. AND ITS AFFILIATES’ LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. GALA LAB CORP. AND ITS AFFILIATES DO NOT ENDORSE, WARRANT OR GUARANTEE ANY THIRD PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OFFERED THROUGH THE SERVICE AND WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
Indemnity
You will indemnify and hold us harmless from any and all third party claims, losses, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses), relating to or
arising under or out of the relationship between you and us described in these Terms, including any breach of the representations and warranties contained herein, or your violation or breach of any rights of or agreements, undertakings, representations or warranties with another in any way related to the Applications and/or Content. You hereby agree that we shall have the sole right and obligation to control the legal defense against any such claims, demands, or litigation, including the right to select counsel of our choice and to compromise or settle any such claims, demands, or litigation.
Governing Law
These Terms and the relationship between you and us shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Korea. The competent court to hear any dispute arising out of or in connection with this agreement is determined in accordance with applicable law.
Regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising under or out of or related to your use of the Applications or these Terms must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. Any claim by you that may arise in connection with these Terms will be compensable by monetary damages and you will in no event be entitled to injunctive or other equitable relief.
Void Where Prohibited
GALA LAB CORP. makes no representation or warranty that any material on the Website, Service or any Content is lawful in every jurisdiction from which such content can be accessed, or is available for use in all jurisdictions. If you access or use the Website or the Services from a jurisdiction outside Korea, you are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws.
Parental Control Information
Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. Section 230(d), we hereby notify you that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors.
Miscellaneous
If any provision of these Terms of Service is held to be invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be deemed to be restated to reflect as nearly as possible the original intention in accordance
with applicable law, and the remainder of the Terms of Service will remain in full force and effect. These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by GALA LAB CORP.. The failure of party to assert any right under these Terms of Service shall not be considered a waiver of that party’s right will remain in full force and effect. In addition, these Terms of Service and the Privacy
Statement, including GALA LAB CORP.’s enforcement of those policies, are not intended to confer, and do not confer, any rights or remedies upon any person.
These Terms of Service and all related documents are written and shall be interpreted in the English language.
Contact
If you have any questions, complaints, or comments regarding these Terms of Service, or have other questions or suggestions about our Website, please contact us via e-mail at
gala.mobilegame@galaglobal.com
.
Need more help?
Sub-policy 4
https://galalab.helpshift.com/hc/en/4-flyff-legacy/faq/1140-notice-of-updates-to-terms-of-service-2024-02-01/?l=en&s=tos-privacy-policy&f=privacy-policy:
This website uses only the necessary cookies required for the site's proper functioning. By using the website, you consent to all cookies in accordance with the cookie policy. To know more, refer Cookie Policy.
Home
/
ToS & Privacy Policy
Notice of updates to Terms of Service : 2024.02.01
Last Updated: 410d
■
Effective date of new privacy policy
: 2024.02.01
■ Main changes
Accounts
Before
After
Item Title
-
Dormant Characters
Item Contents
In order to prevent a member's character from being used for unappropriate purposes and to ensure smoother game services, GALA LAB Corp. may classify the character as a dormant character and oragnize and store related information separate from the server if all of the following requirements are met.
1. Characters which have no history of accessing the game for more than 12 months
2. Characters from 1. of which does not have any paid items with a remaining usage period.
Need more help?