
PRIVACY POLICY
Fronius International GmbH
I. GENERAL INFORMATION
PREAMBLE
We, Fronius, are a leading technical company in the fields of welding technology, photovoltaics and battery charging technology and a data controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (hereinafter "Fronius").
This privacy statement applies to any form of processing of personal data by Fronius.
With the following, Fronius would like to inform you about which personal data Fronius processes, how and for what purpose it is used, and what rights data subjects are entitled to. All data is processed in compliance with the relevant legal regulations on data protection and data security.
You can view, download or print our current data protection declaration at any time on our website. The data protection declaration also constitutes an integral part of our terms of use and/or webshop conditions, which are also made available on our website.
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA
We process the following categories of data or parts thereof. Which personal data is specifically processed depends on your relationship with us. You will find more detailed information on this in chapters III. and IV.
Data category:
Description:
Data such as:
Name
Data, for the direct identification of a person
First name, middle name, last name, title, salutation
Contact Details
Data that we use to contact you or to reach you; other information necessary for addressing you that results from modern communication technologies
Street, Number, Postcode, City, Township, Address, Country, State, Time Zone, Phone Number, Email Address, Fax, Social. Media Account
Company Data
Data that is related to your professional contact with us or contains general information about the company
Company name, type of company, company register data, professional function and position, occupational group, job title, job category, decision-maker status, scope of representative authority, notes on the person, the business cases or projects you have handled with us
Personal Data
Data, about your person
Language, citizenship, date of birth, gender
Contract Data
Data in connection with the establishment, processing, execution and termination of a legal relationship with you or a company
Beginning, end, duration of a legal relationship, communication regarding the creation and execution of a contract, customer number, offers, orders, contracts and other agreements between you and us, customs documents, customs clearance and export control data
IT data
Data that arises from the fact that you register with our online services or visit our website
In addition to name and contact details, user name, password, double opt-in data, user ID, IP address, log files, if applicable
Cookies
Cookies are small data packets that are exchanged between your browser and our web server when you visit our website
For information on cookies, see our Cookie Policy and the information contained in the special section of this Privacy Policy
Visit data
Data we process when you visit one of our sites or attend one of our events
Visit or event date, visitor group, guest list, visit location, travel data
Image Data
Data that capture the outward appearance of a person through photography or video
Identity, appearance, behavior, time and place of the image recording
Product usage and system data
Data collected when our products are used as well as system and device data
Plant name, plant identification, commissioning date/time, plant power, manufacturer, module type, plant description, plant image, power and other device data
Position data
Data allowing localization
Coordinates (longitude, latitude, altitude)
Interaction and correspondence data
Data that arise during communication with us
Date and time, contacts, contents of e-mails and other communication tools such as MS Teams, Skype, etc., customer appointments
Content data
Data contained in documents, messages, recordings, documentation
Information on persons, cases, products, etc.
Bank and financial data
Data arising in connection with the processing of cash and payment flows as well as their correct accounting and tax treatment, including data on financial status
IBAN, tax number, delivery block dunning data, shareholdings, UID number and Intrastat identification number, dunning data and blocking indicators (e.g. invoice, delivery or payment block), bonus and commission data, creditworthiness data
Application data
Data that we process as part of your application to Fronius
Application, Intended employment and start date, Serial number(s), Dates of education, Work experience, Curriculum vitae, Special job requirements, Language skills, Test results, Master data, Photograph, Certificates, Cover letter
Special categories of personal data*
data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade-union membership, as well as the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation
Health data, data related to criminal offences
Data subject
in the event of an assertion of the data subject rights within the meaning of the GDPR
Category of data subject, nature and content of the request, proof of identification, completion of the request, date of contact and completion; declarations of consent
If necessary, further personal data are processed if this is required for the specific purpose.
In the event that Fronius also processes special categories of personal data, so-called sensitive data (e.g. health data), the processing is either based on your express consent (Art 9 para. 2 (a) GDPR) or it is necessary for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims (Art 9 Para. 2 (f) GDPR).
PURPOSE OF THE PROCESSING
Processing purpose
Description of the purposes of processing
Research & Development
Processing in connection with our research collaborations and projects, including IP and grant management
Purchasing, production and logistics
Processing for the purchase of components and equipment as well as accessories, for the manufacture of our products and maintenance of the legal and normative conformity requirements for these, as well as for the fulfilment and execution of supply contracts with customers and suppliers, including the execution of the logistical processes along the supply chain
Provision of online services and software for customers
VProcessing for the provision of online services and software to customers to enable them to make the best use of Fronius products and to improve them, make them more user-friendly, find and rectify faults more quickly, control server capacity and analyses statistics relating to system and device data
Customer service and sales as well as customer support
Processing for the initiation and handling of business with customers in connection with our products, including the maintenance of a group-wide customer and supplier database; processing in the event of customer concerns as well as warranty and guarantee claims
Corporate Communications
Processing for communication with business partners, customers and interested parties, employees, former employees and the public; as well as operation and use of the website, including marketing
Event Management
Processing for the organization and handling of our events and visits as well as for the organization of external events (e.g. congresses, trade fairs) and the participation of our employees and visitors (customers, suppliers)
Quality Management
Organization and documentation of an orderly audit system as well as improvement processes
Safety, cleanliness and environmental protection at our sites
Processing for the operation of environmental, health and safety management systems, as well as the administration of the access system and video surveillance at our sites
Project / Change Management
Processing for the collection, evaluation and implementation of improvement ideas, measures and projects
IT Management
Processing for the operation of our IT systems and protection of the IT systems through appropriate technical and organizational measures (risk management)
Bookkeeping and accounting
Processing for accounting purposes, including accounting and the preparation of financial statements and accounting, compliance with tax obligations
Legal
Processing in connection with legal matters internally, as well as by external legal advisors, including document management
Candidate Management
Processing for the purpose of personnel search and implementation of the application procedure, processing of related correspondence and documents including possible keeping of records
Internal organization and traceability and internal management purposes
Processing for filing and data backup, for internal organization and structure of all processes and work activities
Compliance Management
Processing for compliance with legal regulations and guidelines as well as for the prevention of rule violations
The processing of your personal data is necessary to achieve the purposes listed above. Failure to provide it could, depending on the category of data, result in us not being able to fulfil the listed purposes in accordance with the contract and the law, a smooth business process is not possible or we are unable to carry out the pre-contractual activities or conclude and implement the contractual relationship with you or your employer.
LEGAL BASES OF PROCESSING
Fronius processes your personal data within the meaning of Art 6 GDPR on the basis of the following legal grounds:
fulfilment of a contractual relationship or implementation of pre-contractual measures (Art 6 Para. 1 lit b GDPR),
fulfilment of a legal or statutory obligation (Art 6 Para. 1 lit c GDPR),
protection of the legitimate interests of Fronius or a third party (Art 6 Para. 1 lit f GDPR) or
if none of the aforementioned legal grounds apply, on the basis of the consent of the person concerned to the processing of their personal data (Art 6 Para. 1 lit a GDPR).
Fronius processes personal data primarily in the context of a business relationship with the data subject or with a company represented by the data subject, in particular in the area of contractual and pre-contractual relationships (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit b GDPR).
Furthermore, personal data is processed if necessary to comply with a legal or statutory obligation to which Fronius is subject (e.g. storage and documentation obligations under national laws and reporting obligations as an employer to the social security authorities) (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit c GDPR).
The processing of personal data on the legal basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit f GDPR is generally based on the following
legitimate interests
of Fronius:
Safeguarding operational interests such as the internal administration and optimization of business processes (document, file, customer and supplier management), data backup and ensuring smooth business operations,
Improvement and further development of our products and troubleshooting,
assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims,
Containment of damage,
Carrying out direct advertising (marketing and information activities, in particular about products and services offered by the person responsible),
IT security and technical administration when using our systems such as internet access, communication tools, means of collaboration (telephone, email, video conferencing, instant messaging),
Operation of a group-wide customer and supplier management system
Event planning, invitation and coordination,
Building security and ensuring general security on company and company premises
Personal data is only processed to protect the legitimate interests of Fronius if there is no reason to assume that the interests of the data subject merit protection.
Personal data may also be processed on the basis of the data subject's consent to processing, which consent may be revoked at any time (Art. 6 Para. 1 (a) GDPR). In this case, the personal data of the data subject is processed for the processing of which the data subject has given prior consent, such as the publication of photographs of the data subject for documentation or advertising purposes or the processing of his or her personal contact data for the purpose of sending newsletters.
Insofar as data is not collected from the data subject himself/herself within the meaning of Article 14 of the GDPR, personal data that can be accessed in publicly accessible databases such as the land register, company register, central register of associations, edict file, central register of residents, credit rating databases), as well as information on the data subject may be collected from search engines, social networks or various websites, from Fronius Group companies or from cooperation partners or from any funding bodies.
In order to guarantee the security of the personal data of the data subjects, Fronius has taken a number of technical and organizational measures as defined in Art. 32 DSGVO, in particular encryption of the services using state-of-the-art encryption methods (e.g. SSL), user authentication controls, secure network infrastructures, restriction of access to personal data, network monitoring solutions, area-restricted alarm systems as well as video surveillance, employee conduct instructions, obligation to maintain data secrecy. A list of technical and organizational measures at Fronius can be found
here
.
Fronius does not process personal data for automatic decision-making or profiling.
RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL DATA
In order to achieve the intended purposes or if there is a legal obligation to do so, it may be necessary on a case-by-case basis for us to transfer and disclose your data to recipients (e.g. authorities/public bodies, courts, banks, higher-level group companies, etc.) or to grant service providers access to your data (e.g. in order to carry out data management on our behalf, to use software and IT infrastructure, for support and maintenance purposes). The transfer of the relevant data in each individual case is based on the legal provisions or contractual agreement or, in part, on your (express) consent.
We only work with third parties who offer sufficient guarantees that your data is in safe hands.
These are the following categories of recipients within the meaning of Art 13 para 1 lit e GDPR:
Fronius Group companies (in particular the subsidiaries listed at
https://www.fronius.com/de/ueber-fronius/locations)
,
Processors, insofar as they require the data for the performance of their respective services,
Authorities, public bodies and institutions in the event of a legal obligation,
Operators and participants of creditworthiness-related information systems for the purpose of creditor protection and risk minimization,
Third-party providers and cooperation partners (e.g. customers, suppliers, payment service providers),
Credit and financial institutions or similar entities,
Legal and tax advisers and experts for the examination, assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims,
Courts to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
Personal data may be transferred to countries outside the EEA in order to carry out pre-contractual measures or in performance of a contract with the data subject or the company represented by the data subject, in particular by Fronius group companies or due to the use of cloud solutions for communication and collaboration, for video conferencing, for maintaining information and data security and for customer care and a corresponding customer relationship management system. Where appropriate, personal data may also be processed when used for promotional purposes on social media channels (e.g. Facebook, Instagram) or websites outside the EEA.
Such a transfer outside the EEA may take place on the basis of binding internal data protection rules under Art 47 GDPR, adequacy decisions of the European Commission under Art 45 GDPR or standard data protection clauses under Art 46 Para. 2 lit c and d GDPR. In exceptional cases, a data transfer may also take place on the basis of Art 49 GDPR, either because you have expressly consented to the proposed data transfer after having been informed of the potential risks to you of such data transfers without the existence of an adequacy decision (Art 45 GDPR) and without appropriate safeguards, the transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and Fronius or for the performance of pre-contractual measures at your request, or the transfer is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract concluded in your interest by Fronius with another natural or legal person.
Data transfer to the USA / discontinuation of the Privacy Shield
Fronius would like to expressly point out that since 16 July 2020, due to the "Schrems II" decision of the European Court of Justice, the so-called "Privacy Shield", an adequacy decision of the EU Commission pursuant to Article 45 of the GDPR, with which the USA was confirmed an adequate level of data protection under certain circumstances, is no longer valid with immediate effect.
Since then, the Privacy Shield does not constitute a valid legal basis for the transfer of personal data to the USA!
If, in the context of data processing at Fronius, a transfer of data to the USA takes place, cannot be ruled out, or if we use a service provider based in the USA, we refer to this explicitly in this data protection declaration (see in particular the description of the technologies used on our website).
For you as a user, the transfer of personal data to the USA entails risks. These result from the corresponding powers of the US intelligence services and the legal situation in the USA, which currently - in the opinion of the ECJ - no longer ensures an adequate level of data protection in the USA. The issues include:
Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) provides no restrictions on the surveillance activities of the intelligence services and no safeguards for non-US citizens.
Presidential Policy Directive 28 (PPD-28) does not give data subjects effective remedies against actions taken by US authorities and does not provide for barriers to ensure proportionate measures.
The Ombudsman provided for in the Privacy Shield does not have sufficient independence from the executive; he cannot issue binding orders against the intelligence services.
Legally compliant transfer of data to the USA based on the standard contractual clauses
The standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission in 2010 (2010/87/EU of 05.02.2010), Art. 46 (2) c GDPR, are still valid, but a level of protection for personal data must be ensured that corresponds to that in the European Union. Therefore, not only the contractual relationships with our service providers are relevant here, but also the possibility of access to the data by authorities in the USA and the legal system there (legislation and jurisdiction, administrative practice of authorities).
By implementing decision of 4 June 2021 (2021/914), the European Commission has now adopted new standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council (GDPR).
By the end of 30.09.2021, only the new standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries may be applied; previously agreed standard contractual clauses (2010/87/EU of 05.02.2010) must be updated by 31.12.2022.
The standard contractual clauses cannot bind authorities in the U.S. and therefore do not yet provide adequate protection in cases where authorities are empowered under U.S. law to interfere with the rights of data subjects without additional action by us and our service provider.
Our measures to make data transfers to the USA legally compliant
Wherever possible, we always choose to process data on EU servers. This should technically ensure that the data is located within the European Union and the risk of access by US authorities is largely minimized.
With US service providers, we strive to conclude standard contractual clauses and to demand additional guarantees. In particular, we demand, where possible, the use of technologies that prevent access to data, e.g. the use of encryption that cannot be broken even by US services, or anonymization
or pseudonymisation of the data, so that only Fronius or the service provider can make the assignment. At the same time, we require that the service provider inform us immediately if access to data by third parties is actually requested or occurs, and that the service provider exhaust all legal remedies against requested access to Fronius data. We contractually obligate our service providers or processors, including their subcontractors, to transfer data outside the EU exclusively in compliance with the principles for data transfers pursuant to Art. 44 et seq. of the Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and to oblige the subcontractors to comply with the data protection level of the GDPR.
STORAGE PERIOD/DELETION
We store your data for different lengths of time depending on the existence of a legitimate processing purpose.
As a rule, we process your information for the duration of the entire business relationship (from the initiation, processing to the termination of a contract, as well as until the termination of any information interest on your part). In addition, we store your data in compliance with and within the scope of the statutory retention and documentation obligations, the applicable warranty, guarantee and limitation periods, in the event of legal disputes in which the data is required as evidence, until their termination.
Individual retention periods can be found in the special information on data processing. Our retention periods, in each case from the time the data is created, are based on the following principles:
Data that do not need to be kept for longer for verification purposes will be deleted after 6 months.
Data that is required for verification purposes and / or is the basis for legal claims that are subject to a limitation period of 3 years (e.g. damages, warranty) and there is no justification for a longer storage, we delete after 3 years.
Data whose storage is necessary for verification purposes, in particular correspondence and its contents, will be deleted after 5 years.
Data whose storage is necessary for purposes relevant to accounting, tax law or customs law, as well as on the basis of subsidies or in the event of the assertion of purchase price, performance or special claims for damages or liability (e.g. product liability), shall be stored for a period of 10 years.
Data whose retention is necessary for the fulfilment of warranty services and their traceability is retained for a period of 20 years (this period corresponds to the longest warranty period at Fronius).
The deletion of personal data which are necessary, for example, for the issuing of a reference or which are necessary for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims, in particular with regard to an absolute limitation period of 30 years, may in these special cases also take place after 30 years - always taking into account the purpose of the processing.
In the case of consent to data processing (in particular when sending electronic messages), the data is stored - with the exception of other details in the consent text - until revocation by the person concerned, which is possible at any time, whereby the revocation does not affect the processing that has taken place up to this point in time.
RIGHTS OF PERSONS CONCERNED
Data subjects have the following rights at any time:
/ Right to request
You have the right to request information about your personal data that we process at any time within the scope of Art. 15 GDPR.
/ Right to rectification and completion
Should your personal data be incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to rectification and completion within the scope of Art. 16 GDPR.
/ Right to restriction of processing
If the legal requirements are met, you may request restriction of the processing of your personal data within the scope of Art. 18 GDPR.
/ Right to erasure
You may request the erasure of your personal data at any time within the scope of Art. 17 GDPR, unless we are legally obliged or entitled to continue processing your data.
/ Right to data portability
If processing takes place on the basis of a contract or your consent and with the help of automated processes, you have a right to the transfer of the personal data concerning you in a structured, common and machine-readable format within the scope of Art. 20 GDPR, provided that this does not affect the rights and freedoms of other persons.
/ Right to object
You have the right to object to processing within the scope of Art 21. GDPR, insofar as the data processing is carried out for the purposes of direct marketing or profiling. You may object to processing on the basis of a balance of interests by stating the reasons arising from your particular situation.
/ Right to revoke the declaration of consent under data protection law
You  have the right to revoke your declaration of consent under data protection law at any time. The revocation of the consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
/ Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority pursuant to Article 77 of the GDPR, in particular in the Member State of your residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement, if you consider that the processing of personal data concerning you infringes the GDPR. The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been lodged will inform the complainant of the status and outcome of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy under Article 78 GDPR. The data protection authority or supervisory authority responsible for us can be found below in the contact details.
To exercise your rights as a data subject, please contact us - by post, e-mail or fax - at the address given below. Your request or your data will be processed without affecting the lawfulness of the processing carried out up to the receipt of your request and insofar as the processing is reasonable for Fronius.
II. INFORMATION ON INDIVIDUAL DATA PROCESSING
1. NEWSLETTER
Categories of personal data
that Fronius collects and processes as part of this data processing:
Name (such as first name, last name, name affixes, salutation)
Contact details (such as e-mail address, if applicable also address, (mobile) phone number, if applicable company data: E-mail address, address)
where applicable, data subjects and IT data (consent and double opt-in status)
The data is collected directly from you and processed in particular on the basis of the following legal grounds:
/ Fulfilment of a contractual relationship or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures (Art 6 para 1 lit b GDPR)
Data processing may be carried out for the purposes of initiating pre-contractual measures or fulfilling the obligations arising from a contract concluded with you (such as determining the winner of competitions, authentication for the use of our services, granting extended (warranty) rights) or on the basis of the terms and conditions accepted by you.
/ on the basis of your consent (Art 6 para 1 lit a GDPR)
Consent to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of sending newsletters can be revoked by you at any time with effect for the future. Consents granted before the applicability of the GDPR (25 May 2018) can also be revoked. Processing that took place before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
/ Safeguarding of legitimate interests of Fronius within the framework of the balancing of interests (Art 6 para 1 lit f GDPR)
the purposes of the processing result from the safeguarding of our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interest may be used to justify the further processing of the data you have provided, provided that your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms are not overridden. Our legitimate interest here lies in sending information and offers about our products to existing customers, users of our offers and services as well as interested parties.
Duration of processing (criteria for deletion)
the data will generally be stored and processed until the contractual relationship has been completed and beyond that for the purposes of sending the newsletter until you object to the sending of the newsletter or revoke your consent. We will inform you separately about this circumstance in the course of registration or in our terms and conditions.
Consent to the use of your e-mail address for advertising purposes can be revoked at any time with future effect by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" or "Newsletter unsubscribe" link at the end of the newsletter or by sending a message to cancellation(at)fronius.com with the revocation of your consent.
The data for the newsletter dispatch will be stored at the longest until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. We are entitled to check the authenticity and accuracy of your e-mail address on the basis of your other details.
Supplementary information on this data processing
You can receive a newsletter from Fronius if you have given us your consent to do so, if you are an existing customer, or if we process your personal data in return for providing you with our offers.
/ Consent: If you have given your consent to receive interesting offers and news from Fronius by e-mail on a regular basis, we will send you regular newsletters on the basis of this consent until your consent is revoked.
/ Existing customers: We will only send newsletter e-mails to existing Fronius customers if we have received their contact information for newsletter distribution in connection with the sale or provision of a service to you, and we have informed you at the time of collection and any subsequent transmission that you may opt out of the use of their contact information for this purpose, and provided you are not included in the list pursuant to Section 7 (2) of the E-Commerce Act.
/ Data for the use of our offers: You may also provide us with your personal data in return for the use of our offers or services such as
the participation in a lottery,
to gain access to our contents,
the use of our online services, software or apps, or
the product registration for extended warranty rights
and by accepting the relevant terms and conditions (of participation, use, business or otherwise) for processing for the regular receipt of newsletters about Fronius products and services for promotional purposes by e-mail.
Your e-mail address will not be passed on to third parties for advertising purposes.
2. ONLINE CONFERENCES AND WEBINARS
Categories of personal data
that Fronius collects and processes as part of this data processing:
Name (such as first name, last name, name affixes, salutation)
Contact details (such as e-mail address, if applicable also address, (mobile) phone number, if applicable company data: E-mail address, address)
IT data (such as username, password, IP address, log files)
Image data, if applicable
Interaction and correspondence data
Content data
The data is collected directly from you and processed in particular on the basis of the following legal grounds:
/ Fulfilment of a contractual relationship or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures (Art 6 para 1 lit b GDPR)
Data processing may be carried out for the purpose of initiating pre-contractual measures or for the fulfilment of obligations arising from a contract concluded with you (such as the discussion of contractual content or processing in online conferences or the holding of a webinar booked by you) and on the basis of the conditions accepted by you.
/ On the basis of your consent (Art 6 para 1 lit a GDPR)
the purposes of the processing of personal data may result from the participant's consent (as in the case of a recording or a separate request for consent). Consent given for the processing of your personal data can be revoked by you at any time with effect for the future. Consents granted before the applicability of the GDPR (25 May 2018) can also be revoked. Processing that took place before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
/ Safeguarding Fronius' legitimate interests in the context of the balancing of interests (Art 6 (1) (f) GDPR)
the purposes of the processing result from safeguarding our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interest may be used to justify the processing of the data you have provided, provided that your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms are not overridden. Our legitimate interest here, in the case of open webinars, unless a contractual relationship has arisen through participation in the webinar, is to conduct a webinar and provide information to a wide audience. Legitimate interests may also lie in the further processing for documentation purposes after the conclusion of online conferences or seminars.
Duration of processing (criteria for deletion)
The processing of the data provided by you is carried out for as long as it is necessary to achieve the contractually agreed purpose, in principle for as long as the contractual relationship with you exists. After termination of the contractual relationship, the data provided by you will be processed to comply with statutory retention obligations or on the basis of our legitimate interests. After the expiry of the statutory retention periods and/or the lapse of our legitimate interests, the data provided by you will be deleted.
Supplementary information on this data processing
When using our tools, various types of data are processed. The scope of the data also depends on the data you provide before or when participating in an "online meeting".
In order to join an online meeting, you must provide a name; you may also choose a pseudonym. This information is stored temporarily in the browser and used for future access to online events.
In order to enable the display of video and the playback of audio, data from the microphone of your terminal device and from a video camera of the terminal device are processed during the meeting. Access can be disabled at any time using the buttons with the respective icons. Participation in online events is generally possible even if access is deactivated. It is also possible to exchange text messages in a group chat. The messages are then visible for all participants of the online event.
If a participant's screen is transferred during an event, the displayed screen content is shown to all other participants in the online meeting. Each participant should therefore ensure that no sensitive data is displayed on the screen before using the function. The screen sharing function can be deactivated at any time using the corresponding button.
In the event that we record online meetings, we will notify you before the recording begins and - if necessary - ask for verbal consent. If you do not wish to be recorded, you can leave the online meeting. If online meetings are being recorded, this will be indicated by a recording icon in the screen area. In this case, all video and audio data will be stored by us.
Online conferencing tools at Fronius and recipient
We use Microsoft Teams and Skype internally and externally to carry out our daily office communications and for conference calls, online meetings and/or video conferences. For webinars, we also use GotoWebinar.
To participate in an online meeting or a webinar, a participant receives an e-mail containing an invitation link. The e-mail address was either provided to us by the external participant or collected by us during registration for an online meeting or webinar. Fronius employees use their company contact data to participate in online meetings.
Microsoft Teams:
To conduct online meetings and host webinars, we use the Microsoft Teams service provided by Microsoft Ireland Operations, Ltd, South County Business Park Leopardstown, Dublin 18, D18 P521, Ireland, an affiliated company of Microsoft Cooperation, Redmond, WA, USA,
https://www.microsoft.com/de-at/microsoft-teams/group-chat-software
("MS Teams").
ATTENTION: Within the scope of this service, data transmission to the USA takes place or cannot be ruled out.
Skype for Business:
To conduct online meetings and host webinars, we use the Skype service provided by Microsoft Ireland Operations, Ltd, South County Business Park Leopardstown, Dublin 18, D18 P521, Ireland, an affiliated company of Microsoft Cooperation - Redmond, WA, USA,
https://www.skype.com/de/business/
("Skype").
ATTENTION: Within the scope of this service, data transmission to the USA takes place or cannot be ruled out.
We have concluded an order processing agreement with Microsoft (MS Teams & Skype). For the processing of data in the USA, the level of protection is guaranteed through the use of the EU standard contractual clauses.
Further information on data protection can be found at
https://privacy.microsoft.com/privacystatement
on the use of this service.
GotoWebinar:
To conduct online meetings, and in particular to host webinars, we use the GotoWebinar service provided by LogMeIn Ireland Unlimited Company, an affiliate of LogMeIn Group LogMeIn, Inc. Boston, 320 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02210, USA.
ATTENTION: Within the scope of this service, data transmission to the USA takes place or cannot be ruled out.
We have concluded an order processing agreement with LogMeIn Ireland. For the processing of data in the USA, the level of protection is guaranteed through the use of the EU standard contractual clauses.
Further information on data protection can be found at
https://www.logmein.com/de/trust/privacy
on the use of this service.
3. COURSES, TRAINING und WEBINARS
Categories of personal data
that Fronius collects and processes as part of this data processing:
Name (such as first name, last name, name affixes, salutation)
Contact details (such as e-mail address, if applicable also address, (mobile) phone number, if applicable company data: E-mail address, address)
if applicable, company data (such as type and name of the company, professional function)
Personal data (like language)
Contract data, if applicable
Visit data, if applicable
bank and financial data, if applicable
The data is collected directly from you and processed in particular on the basis of the following
legal grounds
:
/ performance of a contractual relationship or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures (Art 6 para 1 lit b GDPR)
Data processing may be carried out for the purposes of initiating pre-contractual measures or for the performance of obligations arising from a contract concluded with you (or with your company/employer) (such as registration and participation in the relevant course offering or webinar, organization and communication, and implementation and completion of qualifications) and on the basis of the terms and conditions accepted by you.
/ To protect the legitimate interests of Fronius in the context of the balancing of interests (Art 6 para 1 lit f GDPR)
the purposes of the processing result from the protection of our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interest may be used to justify the processing of the data you have provided, provided that your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms are not overridden. For example, our legitimate interest here may lie in the processing of your personal data for the purposes of organizing and holding courses and training sessions, both present and online, as well as in providing information about further course offerings.
Duration of processing (criteria for deletion)
The processing of the data provided by you is carried out for as long as it is necessary to achieve the contractually agreed purpose, in principle for as long as the contractual relationship with you exists. After termination of the contractual relationship, the data provided by you will be processed to comply with statutory retention obligations or on the basis of our legitimate interests. After the expiry of the statutory retention periods and/or the lapse of our legitimate interests, the data provided by you will be deleted.
Supplementary information on this data processing
Pathways to Fronius courses, training and webinarsFronius
offers its customers, business partners, employees and others the opportunity to attend courses, training or even webinars related to Fronius products. Completion of this offer can also be part of an agreement with business partners and a prerequisite for certifications by Fronius (such as certification as a "Certified Partner").
Recipients So far as
we organize courses, trainings or webinars together with partners of ours, you will receive information about this and we will share your personal data with them. For this purpose, we have concluded corresponding order processing contracts or joint responsibility contracts with our partners.
If courses or training sessions are held as webinars, the provisions set out under "Online Conferences and Webinars" shall apply in addition.
4. ONLINE-SERVICES, SOFTWARE AND APPS
Categories of personal data
that Fronius collects and processes when you register to use our online services or apps:
Name
Contact details
Company data
Personal data
Contract data
IT data
Product usage data (such as plant and equipment usage data)
Position data
Bank and financial data
The data is collected directly from you and processed in particular on the basis of the following legal grounds:
/ Fulfilment of a contractual relationship or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures (Art 6 para 1 lit b GDPR)
Data processing may be carried out for the purposes of initiating pre-contractual measures or fulfilling the obligations arising from a contract concluded with you (or with your company/employer) (such as provision of online services and software, authentication for the use of our services, granting of extended rights) and on the basis of the terms and conditions accepted by you.
The purposes of the processing of personal data may result from your consent to the processing of your data for the purposes of using our online services and software or our services. Consent given for the processing of your personal data can be revoked by you at any time with effect for the future. Consents granted before the GDPR (25 May 2018) came into force can also be revoked. Processing that took place before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
/ Safeguarding Fronius' legitimate interests in the context of the balancing of interests (Art 6 (1) (f) GDPR)
the purposes of the processing result from safeguarding our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interest can be used to justify the processing of the data you have provided, provided that your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms are not overridden. Our legitimate interest here is the provision of online services and software for our customers, optimization and expansion of our offer, improved customer service, corporate communication, in the internal administration and optimization of the business process, as well as in the improvement of our products and troubleshooting. After registering to use our online services, software and apps, Fronius also processes the data of your registered systems and devices in accordance with the applicable terms of use. In the process, usage data of your registered systems and devices is regularly transferred to Fronius for the purpose of analyzing this data and subsequently improving performance as well as our products. The system and device data is processed on the basis of Fronius' legitimate interest in using usage data from systems and devices registered with Fronius for analysis and improvement purposes.
Duration of processing (criteria for deletion)
the data is generally processed for the duration of the contractual relationship. After deactivation of your account, your personal data will be stored for 3 years for the purpose of reversing erroneous deactivation and a possible legal defense and then deleted.
In the event that you have given your consent to data processing, we will delete your data as soon as you revoke your consent.
Supplementary information on this data processing
Ways to our online services, software and apps
For the use of our online services, software and apps, an online registration by means of email address and password as well as, if applicable, the entry of your further data is required, in which the data is collected directly from you. In the course of registration, you accept the terms and conditions of the respective offer.
Recipients
Your data will not be passed on to third parties.
For the operation of our online services, software and apps, we use cloud solutions and service providers with whom we have concluded corresponding order processing agreements. Regarding data transfers to third countries, the information in the general section applies in addition.
After registering for our services, you can partially make your user name visible to other members. In addition, you can release or publish further data of your profile or your attachment and make it visible for other members. Within your profile, you have the option to adjust the extent to which your data is published by making the appropriate settings. It is at your discretion to decide which and to what extent this data is released or published for other users. Details are explained in more detail on the websites in the respective function of the respective online services and apps.
Fronius as a processor
Where our business customers are considered "controllers" when using our online services, software and apps and we are "processors" within the meaning of the GDPR, the order processing agreement available here for our business customers
applies.
Privacy Policy
Last update:
23. March 2025
Thank you for your interest in the information on our website!
With the help of this Privacy Policy we would like to inform the users of our website about the type, scope and purpose of the personal data processed. Personal data in this context is all information that can be used to personally identify you as a user of our website (theoretically in an alternative way or by linking various data), including your IP address. Information that is stored in cookies is generally not or only in exceptional cases personally identifiable; however, cookies are covered by specific regulations that makes the permissibility of the use of cookies dependent on their purpose to a large extent on the active consent of the user.
In a general section of this Privacy Policy, we provide you with information on data protection, which generally applies to our processing of data, including data collection on our website. In particular, you as a data subject will be informed about the rights to which you are entitled.
The terms used in our Privacy Policy and our data protection practice are based on the provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") and other relevant national legal provisions.
Controller according to the GDPR
Fronius International GmbH
Registration Number:
149888z
Froniusstraße 1
4643 Pettenbach
Austria
e:
dataprotection@fronius.com
t:
+43/7242/241-0
Data collection on our website
On the one hand, personal data is collected from you when you expressly communicate such data to us, on the other hand, data, especially technical data, is automatically collected when you visit our website. Some of this data is collected to ensure that our website functions without errors. Other data may be used for analysis purposes. However, you can use our website without a need to provide personal information.
Technologies on our website
Google Analytics
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA).
Purpose: Web Analytics, Performance Measurement, Conversion Tracking, Collection of Statistical Data
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit details, User Data.
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
On our website, we use the functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics to analyze user behavior and to optimize our website. The reports provided by Google are used to analyze the performance of our website and to measure the success of possible campaigns via our website.
Google Analytics uses cookies that enable an analysis of the use of our website.
Information about the use of the website such as browser type/version, operating system used, the previously visited page, host name of the accessing computer (IP address), time of server request are usually transmitted to a Google server and stored there. We have concluded a contract with Google for this purpose.
On our behalf, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. According to Google, the IP address transmitted by your browser is not merged with other data from Google.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization activated by default. This means that the IP address of a user is shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. According to Google, the IP address transmitted by a user's browser within the scope of Google Analytics is not linked to other Google data.
During the website visit, the user behaviour is recorded in the form of so-called events. These can represent the following:
Page views, the click path of a user.
first visit to our website
visited websites
start of a session
interaction with our website
user behavior (for example, clicks, scrolls, dwell time, bounce rates)
file downloads
ads seen / clicked
interaction with videos
internal search queries
furthermore, the following is recorded:
approximate location (region)
date and time of visit
IP address (in shortened form)
technical information about the browser or the end devices used (e.g. language setting, screen resolution)
Internet service provider
Referrer URL (via which website/advertising medium a user came to our website).
The processing of this data is essentially done by Google for its own purposes such as profiling (without our ability to influence).
The data about the use of our website is deleted immediately after the end of the retention period set by us in each case. Google Analytics gives us a default of 2 months for the retention period of user and event data, with a maximum retention period of 14 months. This retention period also applies to conversion data. For all other event data, the following options are available: 2 months, 14 months, 26 months (Google Analytics 360 only), 38 months (Google Analytics 360 only), 50 months (Google Analytics 360 only). We will choose the shortest storage period that corresponds to our intended use. You can ask us at any time for the retention period currently set by us.
The deletion of data whose retention period has been reached takes place automatically once a month.
Google Fonts
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company Google LLC (USA),
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Purpose: Integration of fonts
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA (possible)
Data processed: IP address, language settings, screen resolution, version and name of browser.
Data subjects: website visitors
Technology: JavaScript call
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework
Website: www.google.com
Further information:
https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
To display fonts consistently, our website uses Web Fonts which are provided by Google.
To display web fonts, the web browser you use must connect with a Google server. This informs Google that our website is being accessed via your IP address. The IP address from the browser of the device you are using to access our site is also stored by Google. If your browser does not support Web Fonts, your device will display the site using a standard font type. With each Google Font request, your IP address is automatically transferred to a Google server along with information such as your language preferences, display resolution, version and name of your browser. The usage data collected by Google enables them to determine the popularity of specific font types. Google publishes these findings on internal analytics sites (e.g. Google Analytics).
Google Fonts enables us to use fonts on our own website without uploading them to our server. Google Fonts is an important building block for maintaining the high quality of our website. All Google fonts are automatically optimized for the web. This reduces the data volume and is particularly advantageous for use on mobile devices. When you visit our site, the low file size allows for quicker loading times. Furthermore, Google Fonts are secure Web Fonts that support all major browsers.
Google stores requests for CSS assets for one day on its servers. This enables us to use the fonts with the support of a Google style sheet. The font files are stored by Google for one year. To delete data prematurely, you must contact Google Support (
https://support.google.com
).
Google Maps
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Integration of Map Services
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit Details, User Data
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
On our website, the service Google Maps is integrated in order to better display geographical information about locations for users.
Google Maps is an online map service with which geographic information can be made more legible via a terminal device. Among other things, directions are displayed or map sections of a location can be integrated into a website.
When Google Maps is called up, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers. This enables Google to know that our website has been accessed via the user's IP address. The use of Google Maps enables Google to collect and process data about the use of the service.
For the provision of this service, Google Maps processes, among other things, entered search terms as well as latitude and longitude coordinates on the basis of the IP address. If the route planner function of Google Maps is used, the entered starting address is also stored. This data processing is carried out exclusively by Google and is not within our sphere of influence.
We would like to point out that a cookie called "NID" is set by Google when running this service. Google Maps does not currently offer us the option to run this service in a mode without this cookie. The NID cookie contains information about your user behavior, which Google uses to optimize its own services and to provide individual, personalized advertising for you.
Google anonymizes data in server logs by deleting a portion of the IP address and cookie information after 9 and 18 months, respectively.
Location and activity data is stored for either 3 or 18 months and then deleted. Users can also manually clear history at any time via a Google account. To completely prevent location tracking, a user must turn off the "Web and App Activity" section in their Google account.
Google Marketing Platform / Google Ad Manager
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Personalized Advertising, Conversion Tracking, Remarketing, Campaign Performance Measurement
Category: Marketing
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit details, User data
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/de/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
On this website, the Google Ads service is used for the purpose of advertising our products and services.  Google Ads is Google's in-house online advertising system.
It is important for us to know whether an interested visitor ultimately becomes our customer. To be able to measure this, there is the so-called conversion tracking. Furthermore, we would like to be able to address visitors to our website again and in a targeted manner. We achieve this through so-called remarketing (retargeting).
Google Ads serves both conversion tracking and remarketing, i.e. we can see what happened after you clicked on one of our ads. In order for this service to work, cookies are used and visitors are sometimes included in remarketing lists in order to be served only with certain advertising campaigns.
This is done by means of a pseudonymous identification number (pID), which the browser of a user receives and is assigned to him. This pID enables the service to recognize which ads have already been displayed to a user and which have been called up. The data is used to serve ads across websites by enabling Google to identify the pages visited by the user.
Our goal is that the offer of our website through the use of Google Ads targeted to those visitors who are actually interested in our offer. The data from conversion tracking allows us to measure the benefit of individual advertising measures and optimize our website for our visitors. Conversion can be measured through the use of cookies.
The information generated is transferred by Google to a server in the U.S. for evaluation and stored there. A transfer of data by Google to third parties only takes place due to legal regulations or in the context of commissioned data processing. Under no circumstances will Google link data of a user with other data collected by Google.
Google reCAPTCHA
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company Google LLC (USA),
Purpose: Protection against Misuse, Spam Prevention
Category: Technically Required
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit Details
Data subjects: User
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies, Local Storage
Legal basis: Legitimate Interest, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
On our website, the Google reCAPTCHA service is used to protect against abuse by non-human visitors (bots) and to prevent spam.
When reCAPTCHA is started, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers. This enables Google to know that our website has been accessed via a user's IP address.
The purpose of reCAPTCHA is to verify whether the data entry on our website is made by a human or by an automated program. For this purpose, reCAPTCHA analyzes the user's behavior based on various characteristics. This analysis begins automatically as soon as the user starts our website. For the analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates various information.
According to our information, the following data is processed by Google:
the address of the page from which the visitor comes
IP address
Information about the operating system
Cookies
Mouse and keyboard behavior
Date and language settings
All Java-Script Objects
Screen resolution
The data collected during the analysis is forwarded to and used by Google. The reCAPTCHA analyses run entirely in the background.
Cookies are used for the processing of the service.  These cookies require a unique identifier for tracking purposes. According to Google, the IP address is not merged with other data from other Google services, unless a user is logged into his Google account while using the reCAPTCHA plug-in. Furthermore, reCAPTCHA also uses the local storage on the user's device to store data.
Google Tag Manager
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Launching Tools and Plugins
Category: Technically Required
Recipients: EU, USA (possible)
Data processed: IP Address
Data subjects: User
Technology: JavaScript Call
Legal basis: legitimate interest, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
The Google Tag Manager service is used on our website.
The Tag Manager is a service that allows us to manage website tags via an interface. This allows us to include code snippets such as tracking codes or conversion pixels on websites without interfering with the source code. In doing so, the data is only forwarded by the Tag Manager, but neither collected nor stored. The Tag Manager itself is a cookie-less domain and does not process any personal data, as it serves purely to manage other services in our online offering.
When the Google Tag Manager is started, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers.  These are mainly located in the U.S. Through this, Google obtains knowledge that our website was called up via the IP address of a user.
The Tag Manager ensures the resolution of other tags, which in turn may collect data. However, the Tag Manager does not access this data. If a deactivation has been made at the domain or cookie level, this remains in place for all tracking tags that are implemented with the Tag Manager.
Hosting
In the process of hosting our website, we store all data related to the operation of our website. This is necessary for enabling operation of our website. Therefore, we process this data on the legal grounds of our legitimate interest in optimising our website. To provide access to our website, we use the services of web hosting providers, to whom we supply the aforementioned data within the context of contractual processing.
JQuery Content Delivery Network
Provider: Fastly Inc, 475 Brannan St. Suite 300 San Francisco, CA 94107, USA
Purpose: Optimization of the loading speed of the website
Category: technically required
Recipient country: USA (third country)
Processed data: IP address
Data subjects: Website visitors
Technology: JavaScript libraries, Content Delivery Network (CDN)
Legal basis: legitimate interest (improvement of the website), US Data Privacy Framework certification.
Website:
https://www.fastly.com/
Further information:
https://www.fastly.com/privacy/
https://www.fastly.com/data-processing/
https://www.fastly.com/terms/
https://www.fastly.com/acceptable-use/
We use the JavaScript library jQuery on our website. jQuery is provided via a Content Delivery Network (CDN). This service enables our website to load much faster, especially for users from abroad, as our website can be delivered from a server nearby.
The jQuery library primarily enables a modern design of our websites.
The developer of the jQuery JavaScript library is the jQuery team of the Open JS Foundation:
https://jquery.org/team/
,
https://js.foundation/contact.
To increase the loading speed of our website, we use the provider's CDN (Content Delivery Network) to load the jQuery library. Even if your browser already has a copy of the jQuery library in its cache, a connection to the jQuery server is established and your IP address is transmitted to the service provider.
The provider has distributed servers in various countries and a user's data can therefore be stored both in the USA and within the EU. The provider stores personal data on our behalf for as long as is necessary for the provision of our services and to fulfill our legal obligations.
Contact
We offer various ways to get in touch with us on our website. Whenever you contact us, your information is used to process and handle your contact request in the course of fulfilling pre-contractual rights and obligations. To handle and answer your request it is necessary for us to process your data; otherwise we are unable to answer your request or only able to partially answer it. Your information can be stored in a database of customers and leads on the grounds of our legitimate interest in direct marketing.
We delete your request and contact information when your request has been definitively answered and there is no legally required time limit for storing this data prior to deletion (e.g. pursuant to a subsequent contractual relationship). This is usually the case when there is no further contact with you for three years in a row.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
Provider: LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Ireland, Parent: LinkedIn Corporation (USA).
Purpose: Conversion tracking, Web analytics
Category: Marketing
Recipient: EU, USA
Data processed: IP address, website visit details, online-related data
Data subjects: website visitors, LinkedIn users
Technology: JavaScript call, cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt0000000L0UZAA0&status=Active
Website:
https://www.linkedin.com/
Further information:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
https://www.linkedin.com/help/lms/answer/85787
https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/87150/
Our website uses LinkedIn Insight Tag, a web analytics service. Through this service, LinkedIn users on our website are recorded and analyzed. This gives us insights into our target groups. Furthermore, we can use it to measure the attractiveness of our offers and services as well as the success of LinkedIn campaigns.
LinkedIn members also have the option to opt-out of LinkedIn conversion tracking and to block and delete cookies or disable demographic features at
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/advertising/.
In LinkedIn's settings, there is no separate opt-out option for third-party impressions or click tracking for campaigns running on LinkedIn, as all underlying campaigns respect LinkedIn members' settings.
Information about the use of our website collected by the LinkedIn Insight tag is encrypted. LinkedIn anonymizes the data within 7 days. Within 90 days, the data is deleted again. We as site operator do not receive any personal data, only reports on demographic information, information around the respective jobs to our target groups and the success of LinkedIn campaigns.
Meta-Pixel
Provider: Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland, Parent Company: Meta Platforms, Inc (USA).
Purpose: Web Analysis, Tracking (Conversion)
Category: Marketing
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, User Data, Website Visit Details
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active
Website: www.facebook.com
Further information:
https://en-gb.facebook.com/privacy/policy
https://en-gb.facebook.com/business/help/742478679120153
On our website, the service Meta-Pixel of the social network Facebook is used for the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer.
With the help of Meta-Pixel, it is possible for Meta, on the one hand, to determine the visitors to our website as a target group for the display of personalized ads. Accordingly, we use Meta-Pixel to display the ads placed by us only to users who have also shown an interest in our online offering or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interests in certain topics or products determined on the basis of the websites visited) that we transmit to Meta (so-called "Custom Audiences"). With the help of Meta-Pixel, we also want to ensure that our Meta Ads correspond to the potential interest of users and do not have a harassing effect. With the help of Meta-Pixel, we can, on the other hand, track the effectiveness of Meta Ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users were redirected to our website after clicking on a Meta Ad (so-called "conversion").
Your actions are stored in one or more cookies in the process. These cookies allow Meta to match your user data (such as IP address, user ID) with your Facebook account data. The collected data is anonymous and not visible to us and can only be used in the context of advertisements. You can prevent the linking with your Facebook account by logging out before you take any action.
To set which types of ads are displayed to you within Facebook, you can visit the page set up by Meta and follow the instructions there for the settings of usage-based advertising:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
The settings are done in a platform-independent manner, which means that they are applied to all devices, such as desktop computers or mobile devices.
Pinterest Conversion Tracking (Marketing)
Provider: Pinterest Europe Ltd, Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Pinterest").
Purpose: Tracking (Conversion)
Category: Marketing
Recipients: EU, USA (possibly)
Data processed: IP address, website visit details
Data subjects: website visitors
Technology: JavaScript call, cookies
Legal basis: consent
Website: www.pinterest.com
Further information:
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
Our website uses the conversion tracking service of the Pinterest social network of Pinterest Europe Ltd, Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Pinterest").
ATTENTION: Within the scope of this service, data transfer to the U.S. takes place or cannot be excluded. We would like to point out that as of July 10, 2023, the European Commission has issued an adequacy decision pursuant to Art 45 paragraph 1 GDPR on the EU-US data privacy framework (Data Privacy Framework). Accordingly, organizations or companies (as data importers) in the U.S. that are registered in a public list under the self-certification option of the Data Privacy Framework provide an adequate level of protection for data transfers. Whether the specific provider of this service is already certified can be found here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search
This technology enables us to display Pinterest related advertisements and offers on Pinterest to our website visitors who have already taken an interest in our site and our content/offers and who are Pinterest members.
This is done by integrating a Pinterest conversion tracking pixel on our pages, which tells Pinterest when you visit our website that you have visited our website and which parts of our offers you are interested in.
The use of this service is based on your consent in accordance with art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. a GDPR. This can be revoked at any time with effect for the future.
You can opt out of the collection of data for the display of interest-based advertising on Pinterest at any time in your account settings at Pinterest at
https://www.pinterest.de/settings
(where you can deactivate the "Use information from our partners to better tailor recommendations and ads on Pinterest to you" button under "Customization") or at
https://help.pinterest.com/de/article/personalization-and-data#info-ad
(where you can deactivate the checkbox under "Deactivate customization").
For more information about Pinterest's privacy policy, please visit:
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
Server Log Files
For technical reasons, particularly to ensure a functioning and secure website, we process the technically necessary data about accesses to our website in so-called server log files which your browser automatically sends to us.
The access data we process includes:
The name of the website you are accessing
The browser type (including version) you use
The operating system you use
The site you visited before  accessing our site (referrer URL)
The time of your server request
The amount of data transferred
The host name of computer (IP address) you are using to access the site
This data cannot be traced back to any natural person and is used solely to perform statistical analyses and to operate and improve our website while also optimising our site and keeping it secure. This data is sent exclusively to our website operator. The data is neither connected nor aggregated with other data sources. In case of suspicion of unlawful use of our website, we reserve the right to examine the data retroactively. This data processing takes place on the legal grounds of our legitimate interest in maintaining a technically fault-free and optimal website.
The access data is deleted within a short period of time after serving its purpose (usually within a few days) unless further storage is required for evidence purposes. In such cases, the data is stored until the incident is definitively resolved.
SSL Encryption
Within your visit to our website, we use the widespread SSL procedure (Secure Socket Layer) in conjunction with the highest level of encryption supported by your browser. You can tell whether an individual page of our website is transmitted in encrypted form by the closed representation of the key or lock symbol in the lower status bar of your browser. We use this encryption procedure on the basis of our justified interest in the use of suitable encryption techniques.
We also make use of suitable technical and organisational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction or against unauthorised access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments and kept state-of-the-art.
TikTok Pixel
On our website, we use the so-called TikTok pixel of the social network TikTok, which is operated by TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland ("TikTok"). The parent company of TikTok is based in China.
ATTENTION: Within the scope of this service, data transfer to Cina takes place or cannot be ruled out.
With the help of the TikTok pixel, it is possible for TikTok, on the one hand, to determine you as a visitor to our online offer as a target group for the display of advertisements (so-called "TikTok ads"). Accordingly, we use the TikTok pixel to display the TikTok ads placed by us only to those TikTok users who have also shown an interest in our online offer or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interests in certain topics or products determined on the basis of the websites visited) that we transmit to TikTok (so-called "Custom Audiences").
With the help of the TikTok pixel, we also want to ensure that our TikTok ads correspond to the potential interest of users and are not harassing. The TikTok pixel also allows us to track the effectiveness of the TikTok ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users have been redirected to our website after clicking on a TikTok ad (so-called "conversion").
The processing of the data by TikTok takes place within the framework of the data use policy at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en
of TikTok.
Specific information and details about the TikTok Pixel and how it works can be found in the TikTok help section at
https://support.tiktok.com/en
The use of the TikTok pixel as well as the storage of "conversion cookies" is based on your consent according to Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke this consent at any time.
For the processing of data for which TikTok acts as a data processor, we have concluded a data processing agreement with TikTok in which we oblige TikTok to protect our customers' data and not to pass it on to third parties.
General information on data protection
The following provisions in its principles apply not only to the data collection on our website, but also in general to other processing of personal data.
Personal data
Personal data is information that can be assigned to you individually. Examples include your address, your name as well as your postal address, email address or telephone number. Information such as the number of users who visit a website is not personal data because it is not assigned to a person.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data
Unless more specific information is provided in this Privacy Policy (e.g. in the case of the technologies used), we may process personal data from you on the basis of the following legal principles:
consent in accordance with Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. a of the GDPR
- The data subject has given his or her consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific purposes.
Fulfillment of a contract and pre-contractual measures pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. b of the GDPR
- Processing is necessary for the fulfillment of a contract to which the data subject is a party or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
Legal obligation pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. c of the GDPR
- Processing is necessary for the performance of a legal obligation.
Protection of vital interests pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. d of the GDPR
- Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person.
Reasonable interests pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. f of the GDPR
- The processing is necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the controller or of a third party unless the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject prevail.
Please note that in addition to the provisions of the GDPR, national data protection regulations may apply in your or our home country.
Transfer of personal data
Your personal data will not be transferred to third parties for purposes other than those listed in this Privacy Policy.
We will only transfer your personal data to third parties if:
you have given your express
consent
in accordance with
Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. a of the GDPR
,
the transfer pursuant to
Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. f of the GDPR
is necessary to safeguard
reasonable interests,
as well as to assert, exercise or defend legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have a prevailing interest worthy of protection by not disclosing your data,
there is a
legal obligation
to transfer the data in accordance with
Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. c of the GDPR,
as well as this is legally permissible and / or
it is required according to
Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. b of the GDPR
for the
processing of contractual relationships
with you.
Cooperation with processors
We carefully select our service providers who process personal data on our behalf. If we commission third parties to process personal data on the basis of a data processing agreement, this is done in accordance with
Art. 28 of the GDPR
.
Transfer to third countries
If we process data to a third country or if this is done in the context of using the services of third parties or disclosure or transfer of data to other persons or companies, this is only done on the legal basis described above for the transfer of data.
Subject to express consent or contractual necessity, we process or allow data to be processed only in third countries  in accordance with
Art. 44 - 49 of the GDPR
with a recognized level of data protection or on the basis of special guarantees, such as contractual obligations through so-called standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission, the existence of certifications or binding corporate rules.
Data transfer to the U.S.
We would like to explicitly point out that as of July 10, 2023, the EU Commission has issued an adequacy decision on the EU-US data protection framework (Data Privacy Framework) pursuant to Art. 45 paragraph 1 GDPR. Accordingly, organizations or companies (as data importers) in the US that are registered in a public list as part of the self-certification of the Data Privacy Framework provide an adequate level of protection for data transfers. Whether the specific provider of a service is already certified can be found here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search
The Data Privacy Framework provides a valid legal basis for the transfer of personal data to the USA. This creates binding guarantees to comply with all ECJ requirements; for example, it provides that access by U.S. intelligence services to EU data is limited to a necessary and proportionate level and that a data protection review court is created to which individuals in the EU also have access.
If a transfer of data by us to the US takes place at all or if a service provider based in the US is used by us, we refer to this explicitly in this Privacy Policy (see in particular the description of the technologies used on our website).
It should be noted that aside from significant improvements, the Data Privacy Framework is only partial and only applies to data transfers to those data importers in the U.S. that appear on the public list of certified organizations/companies.
What can the transfer of personal data to the US mean for you as a user and what risks are involved?
Risks for you as a user as far as data importers in the USA are concerned, which are not covered by the Data Privacy Framework, are in any case the powers of the US secret services and the legal situation in the U.S., which currently, according to the European Court of Justice, no longer ensure an adequate level of data protection. Among others, these are the following:
Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) does not provide for any restrictions on the surveillance measures of the secret services or guarantees for non-US citizens.
Presidential Policy Directive 28 (PPD-28) does not provide effective remedies for those affected against actions by U.S. authorities and does not provide barriers to ensuring proportionate measures.
The ombudsman provided for in the Privacy Shield does not have sufficient independence from the executive; he cannot issue binding orders to the U.S. secret services.
Legally compliant transfer of data to the U.S. on the basis of the standard contractual clauses for data importers not covered by the Data Privacy Framework?
In June 2021, the European Commission adopted new Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) in Decision 2021/914/EU. These create a new legal basis for data transfers where the level of data protection is not the same as in the EU.
Legally compliant transfer of data to the U.S. based on consent?
If a data transfer to a service provider based in the U.S. takes place that is not covered by the Data Privacy Framework and this data transfer is based on explicit consent, we provide explicit information about this in this privacy policy, in particular in the description of the technologies used on our website.
What measures do we take to ensure that data transfers to the U.S. are legally compliant?
Where US providers offer the option, we choose to process data on EU servers. This should technically ensure that the data is located within the European Union and that access by US authorities is not possible.
Storage periods in general
If no explicit storage period is specified during the collection of data (e.g. in the context of a declaration of consent), we are obliged to delete personal data in accordance with
Art. 5 paragraph 1 lit. e of the GDPR
as soon as the purpose for processing has been fulfilled. In this context, we would like to point out that legal storage obligations represent a legitimate purpose for the further processing of affected personal data.
Personal data will be stored and retained by us in principle until the termination of a business relationship or until the expiry of any applicable guarantee, warranty or limitation periods, in addition, until the end of any legal disputes in which the data is required as evidence, or in any event until the expiry of the third year following the last contact with a business partner.
Storage periods in particular
As part of the description of individual technologies on our website, there are specific references to the storage period of data. In our cookie table, you will be informed about the storage period of individual cookies. In addition, you always have the possibility to ask us directly about the specific storage period of data. To do so, please use the contact data listed in this Privacy Policy.
Rights of data subjects
Data subject have the right:
(i)
in accordance with Art. 15 of the GDPR,
to request information
about your personal data processed by us. In particular, you may request information on the purposes of processing, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, the planned duration of storage, the existence of a right of rectification, deletion, restriction of processing or opposition, the existence of a right of appeal, the origin of your data, if not collected by us, as well as the existence of automated decision making including profiling and, where applicable, meaningful information on the details thereof;
(ii)
in accordance with Art. 16 of the GDPR,
to demand without delay the
correction
of incorrect or incomplete personal data stored by us;
(iii)
in accordance with Art. 17 of the GDPR, under specific circumstances
to demand the
deletion
of your personal data stored with us, unless the processing is necessary to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information, to fulfill a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims;
(iv)
in accordance with Art. 18 of the GDPR,
to demand the (temporary)
restriction of the processing
of your personal data, insofar as the accuracy of the data is disputed by you, the processing is unlawful, but you refuse to delete it and we no longer require the data, but you require it for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims or you have lodged an objection to the processing in accordance with Art. 21 of the GDPR;
(v)
in accordance with Art. 20 of the GDPR,
to receive your personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to request that it be transferred to another controller; However, this only covers those of your personal data that we process with the help of automated processes after your consent or on the basis of a contract with you;
(vi)
in accordance with Art. 21 of the GDPR,
if your personal data are processed on the basis of our legitimate interest,
to object
to the processing of your personal data for reasons arising from your specific situation or if the objection is directed against direct advertising. In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, which we will implement without indicating a specific situation.
(vii)
in accordance with Art. 7 paragraph 3 of the GDPR,
you may at any time
revoke your consent
to us. As a result, we may no longer continue the data processing based on this consent in the future. Among other things, you have the option of revoking your consent to the use of cookies on our website with effect for the future by calling up our
Cookie Settings.
(viii)
in accordance with Art. 77 of the GDPR
to
complain
to a data protection authority regarding the illegal processing of your data by us. As a rule, you can contact the data protection authority at your usual place of residence or workplace or at the headquarters of our company.
The responsible data protection authority for Fronius International GmbH is:
Österreichische Datenschutzbehörde
Barichgasse 40-42, 1030 Wien, Österreich
Tel.: +43 1 52 152-0, dsb@dsb.gv.at
Assertion of rights of data subjects
You yourself decide on the use of your personal data. Should you therefore wish to exercise one of your above-mentioned rights towards us, you are welcome to contact us by email at
dataprotection@fronius.com
or by post, as well as by telephone.
Please assist us in specifying your request by answering questions from our responsible employees regarding the specific processing of your personal data. If there are reasonable doubts about your identity, we may request a copy of your identification.
For questions regarding data protection, you can reach us at
dataprotection@fronius.com
or at the other contact details stated in this Privacy Policy.
Pettenbach
, on
23. March 2025
Download as PDF
III. Special data protection information
Information on individual data processing within the scope of our offer can be found
hier
.
IV. Individual information for this website
Detailed information on the individual cookies on our website can be found in our
Cookie Policy
. There you can also change your cookie settings as well as subsequently reject cookies that are not necessary.
Modules with special information
In the following, we provide you with extensive information about the services and technologies we use, in addition to our
Cookie Policy
.
Google Analytics
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA).
Purpose: Web Analytics, Performance Measurement, Conversion Tracking, Collection of Statistical Data
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit details, User Data.
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
On our website, we use the functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics to analyze user behavior and to optimize our website. The reports provided by Google are used to analyze the performance of our website and to measure the success of possible campaigns via our website.
Google Analytics uses cookies that enable an analysis of the use of our website.
Information about the use of the website such as browser type/version, operating system used, the previously visited page, host name of the accessing computer (IP address), time of server request are usually transmitted to a Google server and stored there. We have concluded a contract with Google for this purpose.
On our behalf, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. According to Google, the IP address transmitted by your browser is not merged with other data from Google.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization activated by default. This means that the IP address of a user is shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. According to Google, the IP address transmitted by a user's browser within the scope of Google Analytics is not linked to other Google data.
During the website visit, the user behaviour is recorded in the form of so-called events. These can represent the following:
Page views, the click path of a user.
first visit to our website
visited websites
start of a session
interaction with our website
user behavior (for example, clicks, scrolls, dwell time, bounce rates)
file downloads
ads seen / clicked
interaction with videos
internal search queries
furthermore, the following is recorded:
approximate location (region)
date and time of visit
IP address (in shortened form)
technical information about the browser or the end devices used (e.g. language setting, screen resolution)
Internet service provider
Referrer URL (via which website/advertising medium a user came to our website).
The processing of this data is essentially done by Google for its own purposes such as profiling (without our ability to influence).
The data about the use of our website is deleted immediately after the end of the retention period set by us in each case. Google Analytics gives us a default of 2 months for the retention period of user and event data, with a maximum retention period of 14 months. This retention period also applies to conversion data. For all other event data, the following options are available: 2 months, 14 months, 26 months (Google Analytics 360 only), 38 months (Google Analytics 360 only), 50 months (Google Analytics 360 only). We will choose the shortest storage period that corresponds to our intended use. You can ask us at any time for the retention period currently set by us.
The deletion of data whose retention period has been reached takes place automatically once a month.
Google Fonts
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company Google LLC (USA),
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Purpose: Integration of fonts
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA (possible)
Data processed: IP address, language settings, screen resolution, version and name of browser.
Data subjects: website visitors
Technology: JavaScript call
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework
Website: www.google.com
Further information:
https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
To display fonts consistently, our website uses Web Fonts which are provided by Google.
To display web fonts, the web browser you use must connect with a Google server. This informs Google that our website is being accessed via your IP address. The IP address from the browser of the device you are using to access our site is also stored by Google. If your browser does not support Web Fonts, your device will display the site using a standard font type. With each Google Font request, your IP address is automatically transferred to a Google server along with information such as your language preferences, display resolution, version and name of your browser. The usage data collected by Google enables them to determine the popularity of specific font types. Google publishes these findings on internal analytics sites (e.g. Google Analytics).
Google Fonts enables us to use fonts on our own website without uploading them to our server. Google Fonts is an important building block for maintaining the high quality of our website. All Google fonts are automatically optimized for the web. This reduces the data volume and is particularly advantageous for use on mobile devices. When you visit our site, the low file size allows for quicker loading times. Furthermore, Google Fonts are secure Web Fonts that support all major browsers.
Google stores requests for CSS assets for one day on its servers. This enables us to use the fonts with the support of a Google style sheet. The font files are stored by Google for one year. To delete data prematurely, you must contact Google Support (
https://support.google.com
).
Google Maps
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Integration of Map Services
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit Details, User Data
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
On our website, the service Google Maps is integrated in order to better display geographical information about locations for users.
Google Maps is an online map service with which geographic information can be made more legible via a terminal device. Among other things, directions are displayed or map sections of a location can be integrated into a website.
When Google Maps is called up, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers. This enables Google to know that our website has been accessed via the user's IP address. The use of Google Maps enables Google to collect and process data about the use of the service.
For the provision of this service, Google Maps processes, among other things, entered search terms as well as latitude and longitude coordinates on the basis of the IP address. If the route planner function of Google Maps is used, the entered starting address is also stored. This data processing is carried out exclusively by Google and is not within our sphere of influence.
We would like to point out that a cookie called "NID" is set by Google when running this service. Google Maps does not currently offer us the option to run this service in a mode without this cookie. The NID cookie contains information about your user behavior, which Google uses to optimize its own services and to provide individual, personalized advertising for you.
Google anonymizes data in server logs by deleting a portion of the IP address and cookie information after 9 and 18 months, respectively.
Location and activity data is stored for either 3 or 18 months and then deleted. Users can also manually clear history at any time via a Google account. To completely prevent location tracking, a user must turn off the "Web and App Activity" section in their Google account.
Google Marketing Platform / Google Ad Manager
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Personalized Advertising, Conversion Tracking, Remarketing, Campaign Performance Measurement
Category: Marketing
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit details, User data
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/de/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
On this website, the Google Ads service is used for the purpose of advertising our products and services.  Google Ads is Google's in-house online advertising system.
It is important for us to know whether an interested visitor ultimately becomes our customer. To be able to measure this, there is the so-called conversion tracking. Furthermore, we would like to be able to address visitors to our website again and in a targeted manner. We achieve this through so-called remarketing (retargeting).
Google Ads serves both conversion tracking and remarketing, i.e. we can see what happened after you clicked on one of our ads. In order for this service to work, cookies are used and visitors are sometimes included in remarketing lists in order to be served only with certain advertising campaigns.
This is done by means of a pseudonymous identification number (pID), which the browser of a user receives and is assigned to him. This pID enables the service to recognize which ads have already been displayed to a user and which have been called up. The data is used to serve ads across websites by enabling Google to identify the pages visited by the user.
Our goal is that the offer of our website through the use of Google Ads targeted to those visitors who are actually interested in our offer. The data from conversion tracking allows us to measure the benefit of individual advertising measures and optimize our website for our visitors. Conversion can be measured through the use of cookies.
The information generated is transferred by Google to a server in the U.S. for evaluation and stored there. A transfer of data by Google to third parties only takes place due to legal regulations or in the context of commissioned data processing. Under no circumstances will Google link data of a user with other data collected by Google.
Google reCAPTCHA
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company Google LLC (USA),
Purpose: Protection against Misuse, Spam Prevention
Category: Technically Required
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit Details
Data subjects: User
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies, Local Storage
Legal basis: Legitimate Interest, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
On our website, the Google reCAPTCHA service is used to protect against abuse by non-human visitors (bots) and to prevent spam.
When reCAPTCHA is started, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers. This enables Google to know that our website has been accessed via a user's IP address.
The purpose of reCAPTCHA is to verify whether the data entry on our website is made by a human or by an automated program. For this purpose, reCAPTCHA analyzes the user's behavior based on various characteristics. This analysis begins automatically as soon as the user starts our website. For the analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates various information.
According to our information, the following data is processed by Google:
the address of the page from which the visitor comes
IP address
Information about the operating system
Cookies
Mouse and keyboard behavior
Date and language settings
All Java-Script Objects
Screen resolution
The data collected during the analysis is forwarded to and used by Google. The reCAPTCHA analyses run entirely in the background.
Cookies are used for the processing of the service.  These cookies require a unique identifier for tracking purposes. According to Google, the IP address is not merged with other data from other Google services, unless a user is logged into his Google account while using the reCAPTCHA plug-in. Furthermore, reCAPTCHA also uses the local storage on the user's device to store data.
Google Tag Manager
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Launching Tools and Plugins
Category: Technically Required
Recipients: EU, USA (possible)
Data processed: IP Address
Data subjects: User
Technology: JavaScript Call
Legal basis: legitimate interest, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
The Google Tag Manager service is used on our website.
The Tag Manager is a service that allows us to manage website tags via an interface. This allows us to include code snippets such as tracking codes or conversion pixels on websites without interfering with the source code. In doing so, the data is only forwarded by the Tag Manager, but neither collected nor stored. The Tag Manager itself is a cookie-less domain and does not process any personal data, as it serves purely to manage other services in our online offering.
When the Google Tag Manager is started, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers.  These are mainly located in the U.S. Through this, Google obtains knowledge that our website was called up via the IP address of a user.
The Tag Manager ensures the resolution of other tags, which in turn may collect data. However, the Tag Manager does not access this data. If a deactivation has been made at the domain or cookie level, this remains in place for all tracking tags that are implemented with the Tag Manager.
Hosting
In the process of hosting our website, we store all data related to the operation of our website. This is necessary for enabling operation of our website. Therefore, we process this data on the legal grounds of our legitimate interest in optimising our website. To provide access to our website, we use the services of web hosting providers, to whom we supply the aforementioned data within the context of contractual processing.
Contact
Whenever you contact us, your information is used to process and handle your contact request in the course of fulfilling pre-contractual rights and obligations. To handle and answer your request it is necessary for us to process your data; otherwise we are unable to answer your request or only able to partially answer it. Your information can be stored in a database of customers and leads on the grounds of our legitimate interest in direct marketing.
We delete your request and contact information when your request has been definitively answered and there is no legally required time limit for storing this data prior to deletion (e.g. pursuant to a subsequent contractual relationship). This is usually the case when there is no further contact with you for three years in a row.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
Provider: LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Ireland, Parent: LinkedIn Corporation (USA).
Purpose: Conversion tracking, Web analytics
Category: Marketing
Recipient: EU, USA
Data processed: IP address, website visit details, online-related data
Data subjects: website visitors, LinkedIn users
Technology: JavaScript call, cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt0000000L0UZAA0&status=Active
Website:
https://www.linkedin.com/
Further information:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
https://www.linkedin.com/help/lms/answer/85787
https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/87150/
Our website uses LinkedIn Insight Tag, a web analytics service. Through this service, LinkedIn users on our website are recorded and analyzed. This gives us insights into our target groups. Furthermore, we can use it to measure the attractiveness of our offers and services as well as the success of LinkedIn campaigns.
LinkedIn members also have the option to opt-out of LinkedIn conversion tracking and to block and delete cookies or disable demographic features at
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/advertising/.
In LinkedIn's settings, there is no separate opt-out option for third-party impressions or click tracking for campaigns running on LinkedIn, as all underlying campaigns respect LinkedIn members' settings.
Information about the use of our website collected by the LinkedIn Insight tag is encrypted. LinkedIn anonymizes the data within 7 days. Within 90 days, the data is deleted again. We as site operator do not receive any personal data, only reports on demographic information, information around the respective jobs to our target groups and the success of LinkedIn campaigns.
Meta-Pixel
Provider: Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland, Parent Company: Meta Platforms, Inc (USA).
Purpose: Web Analysis, Tracking (Conversion)
Category: Marketing
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, User Data, Website Visit Details
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active
Website: www.facebook.com
Further information:
https://en-gb.facebook.com/privacy/policy
https://en-gb.facebook.com/business/help/742478679120153
On our website, the service Meta-Pixel of the social network Facebook is used for the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer.
With the help of Meta-Pixel, it is possible for Meta, on the one hand, to determine the visitors to our website as a target group for the display of personalized ads. Accordingly, we use Meta-Pixel to display the ads placed by us only to users who have also shown an interest in our online offering or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interests in certain topics or products determined on the basis of the websites visited) that we transmit to Meta (so-called "Custom Audiences"). With the help of Meta-Pixel, we also want to ensure that our Meta Ads correspond to the potential interest of users and do not have a harassing effect. With the help of Meta-Pixel, we can, on the other hand, track the effectiveness of Meta Ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users were redirected to our website after clicking on a Meta Ad (so-called "conversion").
Your actions are stored in one or more cookies in the process. These cookies allow Meta to match your user data (such as IP address, user ID) with your Facebook account data. The collected data is anonymous and not visible to us and can only be used in the context of advertisements. You can prevent the linking with your Facebook account by logging out before you take any action.
To set which types of ads are displayed to you within Facebook, you can visit the page set up by Meta and follow the instructions there for the settings of usage-based advertising:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
The settings are done in a platform-independent manner, which means that they are applied to all devices, such as desktop computers or mobile devices.
Server Log Files
For technical reasons, particularly to ensure a functioning and secure website, we process the technically necessary data about accesses to our website in so-called server log files which your browser automatically sends to us.
The access data we process includes:
The name of the website you are accessing
The browser type (including version) you use
The operating system you use
The site you visited before  accessing our site (referrer URL)
The time of your server request
The amount of data transferred
The host name of computer (IP address) you are using to access the site
This data cannot be traced back to any natural person and is used solely to perform statistical analyses and to operate and improve our website while also optimising our site and keeping it secure. This data is sent exclusively to our website operator. The data is neither connected nor aggregated with other data sources. In case of suspicion of unlawful use of our website, we reserve the right to examine the data retroactively. This data processing takes place on the legal grounds of our legitimate interest in maintaining a technically fault-free and optimal website.
The access data is deleted within a short period of time after serving its purpose (usually within a few days) unless further storage is required for evidence purposes. In such cases, the data is stored until the incident is definitively resolved.
SSL Encryption
Within your visit to our website, we use the widespread SSL procedure (Secure Socket Layer) in conjunction with the highest level of encryption supported by your browser. You can tell whether an individual page of our website is transmitted in encrypted form by the closed representation of the key or lock symbol in the lower status bar of your browser. We use this encryption procedure on the basis of our justified interest in the use of suitable encryption techniques.
We also make use of suitable technical and organisational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction or against unauthorised access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments and kept state-of-the-art.
TikTok Pixel
On our website, we use the so-called TikTok pixel of the social network TikTok, which is operated by TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland ("TikTok"). The parent company of TikTok is based in China.
ATTENTION: Within the scope of this service, data transfer to China takes place or cannot be ruled out.
With the help of the TikTok pixel, it is possible for TikTok, on the one hand, to determine you as a visitor to our online offer as a target group for the display of advertisements (so-called "TikTok ads"). Accordingly, we use the TikTok pixel to display the TikTok ads placed by us only to those TikTok users who have also shown an interest in our online offer or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interests in certain topics or products determined on the basis of the websites visited) that we transmit to TikTok (so-called "Custom Audiences").
With the help of the TikTok pixel, we also want to ensure that our TikTok ads correspond to the potential interest of users and are not harassing. The TikTok pixel also allows us to track the effectiveness of the TikTok ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users have been redirected to our website after clicking on a TikTok ad (so-called "conversion").
The processing of the data by TikTok takes place within the framework of the data use policy at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en
of TikTok.
Specific information and details about the TikTok Pixel and how it works can be found in the TikTok help section at
https://support.tiktok.com/en
The use of the TikTok pixel as well as the storage of "conversion cookies" is based on your consent according to Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke this consent at any time.
For the processing of data for which TikTok acts as a data processor, we have concluded a data processing agreement with TikTok in which we oblige TikTok to protect our customers' data and not to pass it on to third parties.
Contact details
Fronius International GmbH
Fronius Strasse 5
4642Sattledt
Austria
dataprotection@fronius.com
Data Protection Authority
Österreichische Datenschutzbehörde
Barichgasse 40-42, 1030 Wien, Österreich
Phone: +43 1 52 152-0, dsb@dsb.gv.at
Sattledt,
20. March 2024
III. Special data protection information
Information on individual data processing within the scope of our offer can be found
hier
.
IV. Individual information for this website
Detailed information on the individual cookies on our website can be found in our
Cookie Policy
. There you can also change your cookie settings as well as subsequently reject cookies that are not necessary.
Modules with special information
In the following, we provide you with extensive information about the services and technologies we use, in addition to our
Cookie Policy
.
Google Analytics
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA).
Purpose: Web Analytics, Performance Measurement, Conversion Tracking, Collection of Statistical Data
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit details, User Data.
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
On our website, we use the functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics to analyze user behavior and to optimize our website. The reports provided by Google are used to analyze the performance of our website and to measure the success of possible campaigns via our website.
Google Analytics uses cookies that enable an analysis of the use of our website.
Information about the use of the website such as browser type/version, operating system used, the previously visited page, host name of the accessing computer (IP address), time of server request are usually transmitted to a Google server and stored there. We have concluded a contract with Google for this purpose.
On our behalf, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. According to Google, the IP address transmitted by your browser is not merged with other data from Google.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization activated by default. This means that the IP address of a user is shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. According to Google, the IP address transmitted by a user's browser within the scope of Google Analytics is not linked to other Google data.
During the website visit, the user behaviour is recorded in the form of so-called events. These can represent the following:
Page views, the click path of a user.
first visit to our website
visited websites
start of a session
interaction with our website
user behavior (for example, clicks, scrolls, dwell time, bounce rates)
file downloads
ads seen / clicked
interaction with videos
internal search queries
furthermore, the following is recorded:
approximate location (region)
date and time of visit
IP address (in shortened form)
technical information about the browser or the end devices used (e.g. language setting, screen resolution)
Internet service provider
Referrer URL (via which website/advertising medium a user came to our website).
The processing of this data is essentially done by Google for its own purposes such as profiling (without our ability to influence).
The data about the use of our website is deleted immediately after the end of the retention period set by us in each case. Google Analytics gives us a default of 2 months for the retention period of user and event data, with a maximum retention period of 14 months. This retention period also applies to conversion data. For all other event data, the following options are available: 2 months, 14 months, 26 months (Google Analytics 360 only), 38 months (Google Analytics 360 only), 50 months (Google Analytics 360 only). We will choose the shortest storage period that corresponds to our intended use. You can ask us at any time for the retention period currently set by us.
The deletion of data whose retention period has been reached takes place automatically once a month.
Google Fonts
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company Google LLC (USA),
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Purpose: Integration of fonts
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA (possible)
Data processed: IP address, language settings, screen resolution, version and name of browser.
Data subjects: website visitors
Technology: JavaScript call
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework
Website: www.google.com
Further information:
https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
To display fonts consistently, our website uses Web Fonts which are provided by Google.
To display web fonts, the web browser you use must connect with a Google server. This informs Google that our website is being accessed via your IP address. The IP address from the browser of the device you are using to access our site is also stored by Google. If your browser does not support Web Fonts, your device will display the site using a standard font type. With each Google Font request, your IP address is automatically transferred to a Google server along with information such as your language preferences, display resolution, version and name of your browser. The usage data collected by Google enables them to determine the popularity of specific font types. Google publishes these findings on internal analytics sites (e.g. Google Analytics).
Google Fonts enables us to use fonts on our own website without uploading them to our server. Google Fonts is an important building block for maintaining the high quality of our website. All Google fonts are automatically optimized for the web. This reduces the data volume and is particularly advantageous for use on mobile devices. When you visit our site, the low file size allows for quicker loading times. Furthermore, Google Fonts are secure Web Fonts that support all major browsers.
Google stores requests for CSS assets for one day on its servers. This enables us to use the fonts with the support of a Google style sheet. The font files are stored by Google for one year. To delete data prematurely, you must contact Google Support (
https://support.google.com
).
Google Maps
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Integration of Map Services
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit Details, User Data
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
On our website, the service Google Maps is integrated in order to better display geographical information about locations for users.
Google Maps is an online map service with which geographic information can be made more legible via a terminal device. Among other things, directions are displayed or map sections of a location can be integrated into a website.
When Google Maps is called up, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers. This enables Google to know that our website has been accessed via the user's IP address. The use of Google Maps enables Google to collect and process data about the use of the service.
For the provision of this service, Google Maps processes, among other things, entered search terms as well as latitude and longitude coordinates on the basis of the IP address. If the route planner function of Google Maps is used, the entered starting address is also stored. This data processing is carried out exclusively by Google and is not within our sphere of influence.
We would like to point out that a cookie called "NID" is set by Google when running this service. Google Maps does not currently offer us the option to run this service in a mode without this cookie. The NID cookie contains information about your user behavior, which Google uses to optimize its own services and to provide individual, personalized advertising for you.
Google anonymizes data in server logs by deleting a portion of the IP address and cookie information after 9 and 18 months, respectively.
Location and activity data is stored for either 3 or 18 months and then deleted. Users can also manually clear history at any time via a Google account. To completely prevent location tracking, a user must turn off the "Web and App Activity" section in their Google account.
Google Marketing Platform / Google Ad Manager
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Personalized Advertising, Conversion Tracking, Remarketing, Campaign Performance Measurement
Category: Marketing
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit details, User data
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/de/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
On this website, the Google Ads service is used for the purpose of advertising our products and services.  Google Ads is Google's in-house online advertising system.
It is important for us to know whether an interested visitor ultimately becomes our customer. To be able to measure this, there is the so-called conversion tracking. Furthermore, we would like to be able to address visitors to our website again and in a targeted manner. We achieve this through so-called remarketing (retargeting).
Google Ads serves both conversion tracking and remarketing, i.e. we can see what happened after you clicked on one of our ads. In order for this service to work, cookies are used and visitors are sometimes included in remarketing lists in order to be served only with certain advertising campaigns.
This is done by means of a pseudonymous identification number (pID), which the browser of a user receives and is assigned to him. This pID enables the service to recognize which ads have already been displayed to a user and which have been called up. The data is used to serve ads across websites by enabling Google to identify the pages visited by the user.
Our goal is that the offer of our website through the use of Google Ads targeted to those visitors who are actually interested in our offer. The data from conversion tracking allows us to measure the benefit of individual advertising measures and optimize our website for our visitors. Conversion can be measured through the use of cookies.
The information generated is transferred by Google to a server in the U.S. for evaluation and stored there. A transfer of data by Google to third parties only takes place due to legal regulations or in the context of commissioned data processing. Under no circumstances will Google link data of a user with other data collected by Google.
Google reCAPTCHA
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company Google LLC (USA),
Purpose: Protection against Misuse, Spam Prevention
Category: Technically Required
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit Details
Data subjects: User
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies, Local Storage
Legal basis: Legitimate Interest, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
On our website, the Google reCAPTCHA service is used to protect against abuse by non-human visitors (bots) and to prevent spam.
When reCAPTCHA is started, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers. This enables Google to know that our website has been accessed via a user's IP address.
The purpose of reCAPTCHA is to verify whether the data entry on our website is made by a human or by an automated program. For this purpose, reCAPTCHA analyzes the user's behavior based on various characteristics. This analysis begins automatically as soon as the user starts our website. For the analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates various information.
According to our information, the following data is processed by Google:
the address of the page from which the visitor comes
IP address
Information about the operating system
Cookies
Mouse and keyboard behavior
Date and language settings
All Java-Script Objects
Screen resolution
The data collected during the analysis is forwarded to and used by Google. The reCAPTCHA analyses run entirely in the background.
Cookies are used for the processing of the service.  These cookies require a unique identifier for tracking purposes. According to Google, the IP address is not merged with other data from other Google services, unless a user is logged into his Google account while using the reCAPTCHA plug-in. Furthermore, reCAPTCHA also uses the local storage on the user's device to store data.
Google Tag Manager
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Launching Tools and Plugins
Category: Technically Required
Recipients: EU, USA (possible)
Data processed: IP Address
Data subjects: User
Technology: JavaScript Call
Legal basis: legitimate interest, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
The Google Tag Manager service is used on our website.
The Tag Manager is a service that allows us to manage website tags via an interface. This allows us to include code snippets such as tracking codes or conversion pixels on websites without interfering with the source code. In doing so, the data is only forwarded by the Tag Manager, but neither collected nor stored. The Tag Manager itself is a cookie-less domain and does not process any personal data, as it serves purely to manage other services in our online offering.
When the Google Tag Manager is started, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers.  These are mainly located in the U.S. Through this, Google obtains knowledge that our website was called up via the IP address of a user.
The Tag Manager ensures the resolution of other tags, which in turn may collect data. However, the Tag Manager does not access this data. If a deactivation has been made at the domain or cookie level, this remains in place for all tracking tags that are implemented with the Tag Manager.
Hosting
In the process of hosting our website, we store all data related to the operation of our website. This is necessary for enabling operation of our website. Therefore, we process this data on the legal grounds of our legitimate interest in optimising our website. To provide access to our website, we use the services of web hosting providers, to whom we supply the aforementioned data within the context of contractual processing.
Contact
Whenever you contact us, your information is used to process and handle your contact request in the course of fulfilling pre-contractual rights and obligations. To handle and answer your request it is necessary for us to process your data; otherwise we are unable to answer your request or only able to partially answer it. Your information can be stored in a database of customers and leads on the grounds of our legitimate interest in direct marketing.
We delete your request and contact information when your request has been definitively answered and there is no legally required time limit for storing this data prior to deletion (e.g. pursuant to a subsequent contractual relationship). This is usually the case when there is no further contact with you for three years in a row.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
Provider: LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Ireland, Parent: LinkedIn Corporation (USA).
Purpose: Conversion tracking, Web analytics
Category: Marketing
Recipient: EU, USA
Data processed: IP address, website visit details, online-related data
Data subjects: website visitors, LinkedIn users
Technology: JavaScript call, cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt0000000L0UZAA0&status=Active
Website:
https://www.linkedin.com/
Further information:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
https://www.linkedin.com/help/lms/answer/85787
https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/87150/
Our website uses LinkedIn Insight Tag, a web analytics service. Through this service, LinkedIn users on our website are recorded and analyzed. This gives us insights into our target groups. Furthermore, we can use it to measure the attractiveness of our offers and services as well as the success of LinkedIn campaigns.
LinkedIn members also have the option to opt-out of LinkedIn conversion tracking and to block and delete cookies or disable demographic features at
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/advertising/.
In LinkedIn's settings, there is no separate opt-out option for third-party impressions or click tracking for campaigns running on LinkedIn, as all underlying campaigns respect LinkedIn members' settings.
Information about the use of our website collected by the LinkedIn Insight tag is encrypted. LinkedIn anonymizes the data within 7 days. Within 90 days, the data is deleted again. We as site operator do not receive any personal data, only reports on demographic information, information around the respective jobs to our target groups and the success of LinkedIn campaigns.
Meta-Pixel
Provider: Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland, Parent Company: Meta Platforms, Inc (USA).
Purpose: Web Analysis, Tracking (Conversion)
Category: Marketing
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, User Data, Website Visit Details
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active
Website: www.facebook.com
Further information:
https://en-gb.facebook.com/privacy/policy
https://en-gb.facebook.com/business/help/742478679120153
On our website, the service Meta-Pixel of the social network Facebook is used for the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer.
With the help of Meta-Pixel, it is possible for Meta, on the one hand, to determine the visitors to our website as a target group for the display of personalized ads. Accordingly, we use Meta-Pixel to display the ads placed by us only to users who have also shown an interest in our online offering or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interests in certain topics or products determined on the basis of the websites visited) that we transmit to Meta (so-called "Custom Audiences"). With the help of Meta-Pixel, we also want to ensure that our Meta Ads correspond to the potential interest of users and do not have a harassing effect. With the help of Meta-Pixel, we can, on the other hand, track the effectiveness of Meta Ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users were redirected to our website after clicking on a Meta Ad (so-called "conversion").
Your actions are stored in one or more cookies in the process. These cookies allow Meta to match your user data (such as IP address, user ID) with your Facebook account data. The collected data is anonymous and not visible to us and can only be used in the context of advertisements. You can prevent the linking with your Facebook account by logging out before you take any action.
To set which types of ads are displayed to you within Facebook, you can visit the page set up by Meta and follow the instructions there for the settings of usage-based advertising:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
The settings are done in a platform-independent manner, which means that they are applied to all devices, such as desktop computers or mobile devices.
Server Log Files
For technical reasons, particularly to ensure a functioning and secure website, we process the technically necessary data about accesses to our website in so-called server log files which your browser automatically sends to us.
The access data we process includes:
The name of the website you are accessing
The browser type (including version) you use
The operating system you use
The site you visited before  accessing our site (referrer URL)
The time of your server request
The amount of data transferred
The host name of computer (IP address) you are using to access the site
This data cannot be traced back to any natural person and is used solely to perform statistical analyses and to operate and improve our website while also optimising our site and keeping it secure. This data is sent exclusively to our website operator. The data is neither connected nor aggregated with other data sources. In case of suspicion of unlawful use of our website, we reserve the right to examine the data retroactively. This data processing takes place on the legal grounds of our legitimate interest in maintaining a technically fault-free and optimal website.
The access data is deleted within a short period of time after serving its purpose (usually within a few days) unless further storage is required for evidence purposes. In such cases, the data is stored until the incident is definitively resolved.
SSL Encryption
Within your visit to our website, we use the widespread SSL procedure (Secure Socket Layer) in conjunction with the highest level of encryption supported by your browser. You can tell whether an individual page of our website is transmitted in encrypted form by the closed representation of the key or lock symbol in the lower status bar of your browser. We use this encryption procedure on the basis of our justified interest in the use of suitable encryption techniques.
We also make use of suitable technical and organisational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction or against unauthorised access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments and kept state-of-the-art.
TikTok Pixel
On our website, we use the so-called TikTok pixel of the social network TikTok, which is operated by TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland ("TikTok"). The parent company of TikTok is based in China.
ATTENTION: Within the scope of this service, data transfer to China takes place or cannot be ruled out.
With the help of the TikTok pixel, it is possible for TikTok, on the one hand, to determine you as a visitor to our online offer as a target group for the display of advertisements (so-called "TikTok ads"). Accordingly, we use the TikTok pixel to display the TikTok ads placed by us only to those TikTok users who have also shown an interest in our online offer or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interests in certain topics or products determined on the basis of the websites visited) that we transmit to TikTok (so-called "Custom Audiences").
With the help of the TikTok pixel, we also want to ensure that our TikTok ads correspond to the potential interest of users and are not harassing. The TikTok pixel also allows us to track the effectiveness of the TikTok ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users have been redirected to our website after clicking on a TikTok ad (so-called "conversion").
The processing of the data by TikTok takes place within the framework of the data use policy at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en
of TikTok.
Specific information and details about the TikTok Pixel and how it works can be found in the TikTok help section at
https://support.tiktok.com/en
The use of the TikTok pixel as well as the storage of "conversion cookies" is based on your consent according to Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke this consent at any time.
For the processing of data for which TikTok acts as a data processor, we have concluded a data processing agreement with TikTok in which we oblige TikTok to protect our customers' data and not to pass it on to third parties.
Contact details
Fronius International GmbH
Fronius Strasse 5
4642Sattledt
Austria
dataprotection@fronius.com
Data Protection Authority
Österreichische Datenschutzbehörde
Barichgasse 40-42, 1030 Wien, Österreich
Phone: +43 1 52 152-0, dsb@dsb.gv.at
Sattledt,
20. March 2024
Special data protection information
Here you will find, in addition to our privacy policy, special privacy information on our offers and services such as software, online services, apps and others
More info﻿
PRIVACY POLICY
Fronius International GmbH
I. GENERAL INFORMATION
PREAMBLE
We, Fronius, are a leading technical company in the fields of welding technology, photovoltaics and battery charging technology and a data controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (hereinafter "Fronius").
This privacy statement applies to any form of processing of personal data by Fronius.
With the following, Fronius would like to inform you about which personal data Fronius processes, how and for what purpose it is used, and what rights data subjects are entitled to. All data is processed in compliance with the relevant legal regulations on data protection and data security.
You can view, download or print our current data protection declaration at any time on our website. The data protection declaration also constitutes an integral part of our terms of use and/or webshop conditions, which are also made available on our website.
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA
We process the following categories of data or parts thereof. Which personal data is specifically processed depends on your relationship with us. You will find more detailed information on this in chapters III. and IV.
Data category:
Description:
Data such as:
Name
Data, for the direct identification of a person
First name, middle name, last name, title, salutation
Contact Details
Data that we use to contact you or to reach you; other information necessary for addressing you that results from modern communication technologies
Street, Number, Postcode, City, Township, Address, Country, State, Time Zone, Phone Number, Email Address, Fax, Social. Media Account
Company Data
Data that is related to your professional contact with us or contains general information about the company
Company name, type of company, company register data, professional function and position, occupational group, job title, job category, decision-maker status, scope of representative authority, notes on the person, the business cases or projects you have handled with us
Personal Data
Data, about your person
Language, citizenship, date of birth, gender
Contract Data
Data in connection with the establishment, processing, execution and termination of a legal relationship with you or a company
Beginning, end, duration of a legal relationship, communication regarding the creation and execution of a contract, customer number, offers, orders, contracts and other agreements between you and us, customs documents, customs clearance and export control data
IT data
Data that arises from the fact that you register with our online services or visit our website
In addition to name and contact details, user name, password, double opt-in data, user ID, IP address, log files, if applicable
Cookies
Cookies are small data packets that are exchanged between your browser and our web server when you visit our website
For information on cookies, see our Cookie Policy and the information contained in the special section of this Privacy Policy
Visit data
Data we process when you visit one of our sites or attend one of our events
Visit or event date, visitor group, guest list, visit location, travel data
Image Data
Data that capture the outward appearance of a person through photography or video
Identity, appearance, behavior, time and place of the image recording
Product usage and system data
Data collected when our products are used as well as system and device data
Plant name, plant identification, commissioning date/time, plant power, manufacturer, module type, plant description, plant image, power and other device data
Position data
Data allowing localization
Coordinates (longitude, latitude, altitude)
Interaction and correspondence data
Data that arise during communication with us
Date and time, contacts, contents of e-mails and other communication tools such as MS Teams, Skype, etc., customer appointments
Content data
Data contained in documents, messages, recordings, documentation
Information on persons, cases, products, etc.
Bank and financial data
Data arising in connection with the processing of cash and payment flows as well as their correct accounting and tax treatment, including data on financial status
IBAN, tax number, delivery block dunning data, shareholdings, UID number and Intrastat identification number, dunning data and blocking indicators (e.g. invoice, delivery or payment block), bonus and commission data, creditworthiness data
Application data
Data that we process as part of your application to Fronius
Application, Intended employment and start date, Serial number(s), Dates of education, Work experience, Curriculum vitae, Special job requirements, Language skills, Test results, Master data, Photograph, Certificates, Cover letter
Special categories of personal data*
data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade-union membership, as well as the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation
Health data, data related to criminal offences
Data subject
in the event of an assertion of the data subject rights within the meaning of the GDPR
Category of data subject, nature and content of the request, proof of identification, completion of the request, date of contact and completion; declarations of consent
If necessary, further personal data are processed if this is required for the specific purpose.
In the event that Fronius also processes special categories of personal data, so-called sensitive data (e.g. health data), the processing is either based on your express consent (Art 9 para. 2 (a) GDPR) or it is necessary for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims (Art 9 Para. 2 (f) GDPR).
PURPOSE OF THE PROCESSING
Processing purpose
Description of the purposes of processing
Research & Development
Processing in connection with our research collaborations and projects, including IP and grant management
Purchasing, production and logistics
Processing for the purchase of components and equipment as well as accessories, for the manufacture of our products and maintenance of the legal and normative conformity requirements for these, as well as for the fulfilment and execution of supply contracts with customers and suppliers, including the execution of the logistical processes along the supply chain
Provision of online services and software for customers
VProcessing for the provision of online services and software to customers to enable them to make the best use of Fronius products and to improve them, make them more user-friendly, find and rectify faults more quickly, control server capacity and analyses statistics relating to system and device data
Customer service and sales as well as customer support
Processing for the initiation and handling of business with customers in connection with our products, including the maintenance of a group-wide customer and supplier database; processing in the event of customer concerns as well as warranty and guarantee claims
Corporate Communications
Processing for communication with business partners, customers and interested parties, employees, former employees and the public; as well as operation and use of the website, including marketing
Event Management
Processing for the organization and handling of our events and visits as well as for the organization of external events (e.g. congresses, trade fairs) and the participation of our employees and visitors (customers, suppliers)
Quality Management
Organization and documentation of an orderly audit system as well as improvement processes
Safety, cleanliness and environmental protection at our sites
Processing for the operation of environmental, health and safety management systems, as well as the administration of the access system and video surveillance at our sites
Project / Change Management
Processing for the collection, evaluation and implementation of improvement ideas, measures and projects
IT Management
Processing for the operation of our IT systems and protection of the IT systems through appropriate technical and organizational measures (risk management)
Bookkeeping and accounting
Processing for accounting purposes, including accounting and the preparation of financial statements and accounting, compliance with tax obligations
Legal
Processing in connection with legal matters internally, as well as by external legal advisors, including document management
Candidate Management
Processing for the purpose of personnel search and implementation of the application procedure, processing of related correspondence and documents including possible keeping of records
Internal organization and traceability and internal management purposes
Processing for filing and data backup, for internal organization and structure of all processes and work activities
Compliance Management
Processing for compliance with legal regulations and guidelines as well as for the prevention of rule violations
The processing of your personal data is necessary to achieve the purposes listed above. Failure to provide it could, depending on the category of data, result in us not being able to fulfil the listed purposes in accordance with the contract and the law, a smooth business process is not possible or we are unable to carry out the pre-contractual activities or conclude and implement the contractual relationship with you or your employer.
LEGAL BASES OF PROCESSING
Fronius processes your personal data within the meaning of Art 6 GDPR on the basis of the following legal grounds:
fulfilment of a contractual relationship or implementation of pre-contractual measures (Art 6 Para. 1 lit b GDPR),
fulfilment of a legal or statutory obligation (Art 6 Para. 1 lit c GDPR),
protection of the legitimate interests of Fronius or a third party (Art 6 Para. 1 lit f GDPR) or
if none of the aforementioned legal grounds apply, on the basis of the consent of the person concerned to the processing of their personal data (Art 6 Para. 1 lit a GDPR).
Fronius processes personal data primarily in the context of a business relationship with the data subject or with a company represented by the data subject, in particular in the area of contractual and pre-contractual relationships (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit b GDPR).
Furthermore, personal data is processed if necessary to comply with a legal or statutory obligation to which Fronius is subject (e.g. storage and documentation obligations under national laws and reporting obligations as an employer to the social security authorities) (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit c GDPR).
The processing of personal data on the legal basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit f GDPR is generally based on the following
legitimate interests
of Fronius:
Safeguarding operational interests such as the internal administration and optimization of business processes (document, file, customer and supplier management), data backup and ensuring smooth business operations,
Improvement and further development of our products and troubleshooting,
assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims,
Containment of damage,
Carrying out direct advertising (marketing and information activities, in particular about products and services offered by the person responsible),
IT security and technical administration when using our systems such as internet access, communication tools, means of collaboration (telephone, email, video conferencing, instant messaging),
Operation of a group-wide customer and supplier management system
Event planning, invitation and coordination,
Building security and ensuring general security on company and company premises
Personal data is only processed to protect the legitimate interests of Fronius if there is no reason to assume that the interests of the data subject merit protection.
Personal data may also be processed on the basis of the data subject's consent to processing, which consent may be revoked at any time (Art. 6 Para. 1 (a) GDPR). In this case, the personal data of the data subject is processed for the processing of which the data subject has given prior consent, such as the publication of photographs of the data subject for documentation or advertising purposes or the processing of his or her personal contact data for the purpose of sending newsletters.
Insofar as data is not collected from the data subject himself/herself within the meaning of Article 14 of the GDPR, personal data that can be accessed in publicly accessible databases such as the land register, company register, central register of associations, edict file, central register of residents, credit rating databases), as well as information on the data subject may be collected from search engines, social networks or various websites, from Fronius Group companies or from cooperation partners or from any funding bodies.
In order to guarantee the security of the personal data of the data subjects, Fronius has taken a number of technical and organizational measures as defined in Art. 32 DSGVO, in particular encryption of the services using state-of-the-art encryption methods (e.g. SSL), user authentication controls, secure network infrastructures, restriction of access to personal data, network monitoring solutions, area-restricted alarm systems as well as video surveillance, employee conduct instructions, obligation to maintain data secrecy. A list of technical and organizational measures at Fronius can be found
here
.
Fronius does not process personal data for automatic decision-making or profiling.
RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL DATA
In order to achieve the intended purposes or if there is a legal obligation to do so, it may be necessary on a case-by-case basis for us to transfer and disclose your data to recipients (e.g. authorities/public bodies, courts, banks, higher-level group companies, etc.) or to grant service providers access to your data (e.g. in order to carry out data management on our behalf, to use software and IT infrastructure, for support and maintenance purposes). The transfer of the relevant data in each individual case is based on the legal provisions or contractual agreement or, in part, on your (express) consent.
We only work with third parties who offer sufficient guarantees that your data is in safe hands.
These are the following categories of recipients within the meaning of Art 13 para 1 lit e GDPR:
Fronius Group companies (in particular the subsidiaries listed at
https://www.fronius.com/de/ueber-fronius/locations)
,
Processors, insofar as they require the data for the performance of their respective services,
Authorities, public bodies and institutions in the event of a legal obligation,
Operators and participants of creditworthiness-related information systems for the purpose of creditor protection and risk minimization,
Third-party providers and cooperation partners (e.g. customers, suppliers, payment service providers),
Credit and financial institutions or similar entities,
Legal and tax advisers and experts for the examination, assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims,
Courts to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
Personal data may be transferred to countries outside the EEA in order to carry out pre-contractual measures or in performance of a contract with the data subject or the company represented by the data subject, in particular by Fronius group companies or due to the use of cloud solutions for communication and collaboration, for video conferencing, for maintaining information and data security and for customer care and a corresponding customer relationship management system. Where appropriate, personal data may also be processed when used for promotional purposes on social media channels (e.g. Facebook, Instagram) or websites outside the EEA.
Such a transfer outside the EEA may take place on the basis of binding internal data protection rules under Art 47 GDPR, adequacy decisions of the European Commission under Art 45 GDPR or standard data protection clauses under Art 46 Para. 2 lit c and d GDPR. In exceptional cases, a data transfer may also take place on the basis of Art 49 GDPR, either because you have expressly consented to the proposed data transfer after having been informed of the potential risks to you of such data transfers without the existence of an adequacy decision (Art 45 GDPR) and without appropriate safeguards, the transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and Fronius or for the performance of pre-contractual measures at your request, or the transfer is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract concluded in your interest by Fronius with another natural or legal person.
Data transfer to the USA / discontinuation of the Privacy Shield
Fronius would like to expressly point out that since 16 July 2020, due to the "Schrems II" decision of the European Court of Justice, the so-called "Privacy Shield", an adequacy decision of the EU Commission pursuant to Article 45 of the GDPR, with which the USA was confirmed an adequate level of data protection under certain circumstances, is no longer valid with immediate effect.
Since then, the Privacy Shield does not constitute a valid legal basis for the transfer of personal data to the USA!
If, in the context of data processing at Fronius, a transfer of data to the USA takes place, cannot be ruled out, or if we use a service provider based in the USA, we refer to this explicitly in this data protection declaration (see in particular the description of the technologies used on our website).
For you as a user, the transfer of personal data to the USA entails risks. These result from the corresponding powers of the US intelligence services and the legal situation in the USA, which currently - in the opinion of the ECJ - no longer ensures an adequate level of data protection in the USA. The issues include:
Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) provides no restrictions on the surveillance activities of the intelligence services and no safeguards for non-US citizens.
Presidential Policy Directive 28 (PPD-28) does not give data subjects effective remedies against actions taken by US authorities and does not provide for barriers to ensure proportionate measures.
The Ombudsman provided for in the Privacy Shield does not have sufficient independence from the executive; he cannot issue binding orders against the intelligence services.
Legally compliant transfer of data to the USA based on the standard contractual clauses
The standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission in 2010 (2010/87/EU of 05.02.2010), Art. 46 (2) c GDPR, are still valid, but a level of protection for personal data must be ensured that corresponds to that in the European Union. Therefore, not only the contractual relationships with our service providers are relevant here, but also the possibility of access to the data by authorities in the USA and the legal system there (legislation and jurisdiction, administrative practice of authorities).
By implementing decision of 4 June 2021 (2021/914), the European Commission has now adopted new standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council (GDPR).
By the end of 30.09.2021, only the new standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries may be applied; previously agreed standard contractual clauses (2010/87/EU of 05.02.2010) must be updated by 31.12.2022.
The standard contractual clauses cannot bind authorities in the U.S. and therefore do not yet provide adequate protection in cases where authorities are empowered under U.S. law to interfere with the rights of data subjects without additional action by us and our service provider.
Our measures to make data transfers to the USA legally compliant
Wherever possible, we always choose to process data on EU servers. This should technically ensure that the data is located within the European Union and the risk of access by US authorities is largely minimized.
With US service providers, we strive to conclude standard contractual clauses and to demand additional guarantees. In particular, we demand, where possible, the use of technologies that prevent access to data, e.g. the use of encryption that cannot be broken even by US services, or anonymization
or pseudonymisation of the data, so that only Fronius or the service provider can make the assignment. At the same time, we require that the service provider inform us immediately if access to data by third parties is actually requested or occurs, and that the service provider exhaust all legal remedies against requested access to Fronius data. We contractually obligate our service providers or processors, including their subcontractors, to transfer data outside the EU exclusively in compliance with the principles for data transfers pursuant to Art. 44 et seq. of the Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and to oblige the subcontractors to comply with the data protection level of the GDPR.
STORAGE PERIOD/DELETION
We store your data for different lengths of time depending on the existence of a legitimate processing purpose.
As a rule, we process your information for the duration of the entire business relationship (from the initiation, processing to the termination of a contract, as well as until the termination of any information interest on your part). In addition, we store your data in compliance with and within the scope of the statutory retention and documentation obligations, the applicable warranty, guarantee and limitation periods, in the event of legal disputes in which the data is required as evidence, until their termination.
Individual retention periods can be found in the special information on data processing. Our retention periods, in each case from the time the data is created, are based on the following principles:
Data that do not need to be kept for longer for verification purposes will be deleted after 6 months.
Data that is required for verification purposes and / or is the basis for legal claims that are subject to a limitation period of 3 years (e.g. damages, warranty) and there is no justification for a longer storage, we delete after 3 years.
Data whose storage is necessary for verification purposes, in particular correspondence and its contents, will be deleted after 5 years.
Data whose storage is necessary for purposes relevant to accounting, tax law or customs law, as well as on the basis of subsidies or in the event of the assertion of purchase price, performance or special claims for damages or liability (e.g. product liability), shall be stored for a period of 10 years.
Data whose retention is necessary for the fulfilment of warranty services and their traceability is retained for a period of 20 years (this period corresponds to the longest warranty period at Fronius).
The deletion of personal data which are necessary, for example, for the issuing of a reference or which are necessary for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims, in particular with regard to an absolute limitation period of 30 years, may in these special cases also take place after 30 years - always taking into account the purpose of the processing.
In the case of consent to data processing (in particular when sending electronic messages), the data is stored - with the exception of other details in the consent text - until revocation by the person concerned, which is possible at any time, whereby the revocation does not affect the processing that has taken place up to this point in time.
RIGHTS OF PERSONS CONCERNED
Data subjects have the following rights at any time:
/ Right to request
You have the right to request information about your personal data that we process at any time within the scope of Art. 15 GDPR.
/ Right to rectification and completion
Should your personal data be incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to rectification and completion within the scope of Art. 16 GDPR.
/ Right to restriction of processing
If the legal requirements are met, you may request restriction of the processing of your personal data within the scope of Art. 18 GDPR.
/ Right to erasure
You may request the erasure of your personal data at any time within the scope of Art. 17 GDPR, unless we are legally obliged or entitled to continue processing your data.
/ Right to data portability
If processing takes place on the basis of a contract or your consent and with the help of automated processes, you have a right to the transfer of the personal data concerning you in a structured, common and machine-readable format within the scope of Art. 20 GDPR, provided that this does not affect the rights and freedoms of other persons.
/ Right to object
You have the right to object to processing within the scope of Art 21. GDPR, insofar as the data processing is carried out for the purposes of direct marketing or profiling. You may object to processing on the basis of a balance of interests by stating the reasons arising from your particular situation.
/ Right to revoke the declaration of consent under data protection law
You  have the right to revoke your declaration of consent under data protection law at any time. The revocation of the consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
/ Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority pursuant to Article 77 of the GDPR, in particular in the Member State of your residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement, if you consider that the processing of personal data concerning you infringes the GDPR. The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been lodged will inform the complainant of the status and outcome of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy under Article 78 GDPR. The data protection authority or supervisory authority responsible for us can be found below in the contact details.
To exercise your rights as a data subject, please contact us - by post, e-mail or fax - at the address given below. Your request or your data will be processed without affecting the lawfulness of the processing carried out up to the receipt of your request and insofar as the processing is reasonable for Fronius.
II. INFORMATION ON INDIVIDUAL DATA PROCESSING
1. NEWSLETTER
Categories of personal data
that Fronius collects and processes as part of this data processing:
Name (such as first name, last name, name affixes, salutation)
Contact details (such as e-mail address, if applicable also address, (mobile) phone number, if applicable company data: E-mail address, address)
where applicable, data subjects and IT data (consent and double opt-in status)
The data is collected directly from you and processed in particular on the basis of the following legal grounds:
/ Fulfilment of a contractual relationship or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures (Art 6 para 1 lit b GDPR)
Data processing may be carried out for the purposes of initiating pre-contractual measures or fulfilling the obligations arising from a contract concluded with you (such as determining the winner of competitions, authentication for the use of our services, granting extended (warranty) rights) or on the basis of the terms and conditions accepted by you.
/ on the basis of your consent (Art 6 para 1 lit a GDPR)
Consent to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of sending newsletters can be revoked by you at any time with effect for the future. Consents granted before the applicability of the GDPR (25 May 2018) can also be revoked. Processing that took place before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
/ Safeguarding of legitimate interests of Fronius within the framework of the balancing of interests (Art 6 para 1 lit f GDPR)
the purposes of the processing result from the safeguarding of our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interest may be used to justify the further processing of the data you have provided, provided that your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms are not overridden. Our legitimate interest here lies in sending information and offers about our products to existing customers, users of our offers and services as well as interested parties.
Duration of processing (criteria for deletion)
the data will generally be stored and processed until the contractual relationship has been completed and beyond that for the purposes of sending the newsletter until you object to the sending of the newsletter or revoke your consent. We will inform you separately about this circumstance in the course of registration or in our terms and conditions.
Consent to the use of your e-mail address for advertising purposes can be revoked at any time with future effect by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" or "Newsletter unsubscribe" link at the end of the newsletter or by sending a message to cancellation(at)fronius.com with the revocation of your consent.
The data for the newsletter dispatch will be stored at the longest until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. We are entitled to check the authenticity and accuracy of your e-mail address on the basis of your other details.
Supplementary information on this data processing
You can receive a newsletter from Fronius if you have given us your consent to do so, if you are an existing customer, or if we process your personal data in return for providing you with our offers.
/ Consent: If you have given your consent to receive interesting offers and news from Fronius by e-mail on a regular basis, we will send you regular newsletters on the basis of this consent until your consent is revoked.
/ Existing customers: We will only send newsletter e-mails to existing Fronius customers if we have received their contact information for newsletter distribution in connection with the sale or provision of a service to you, and we have informed you at the time of collection and any subsequent transmission that you may opt out of the use of their contact information for this purpose, and provided you are not included in the list pursuant to Section 7 (2) of the E-Commerce Act.
/ Data for the use of our offers: You may also provide us with your personal data in return for the use of our offers or services such as
the participation in a lottery,
to gain access to our contents,
the use of our online services, software or apps, or
the product registration for extended warranty rights
and by accepting the relevant terms and conditions (of participation, use, business or otherwise) for processing for the regular receipt of newsletters about Fronius products and services for promotional purposes by e-mail.
Your e-mail address will not be passed on to third parties for advertising purposes.
2. ONLINE CONFERENCES AND WEBINARS
Categories of personal data
that Fronius collects and processes as part of this data processing:
Name (such as first name, last name, name affixes, salutation)
Contact details (such as e-mail address, if applicable also address, (mobile) phone number, if applicable company data: E-mail address, address)
IT data (such as username, password, IP address, log files)
Image data, if applicable
Interaction and correspondence data
Content data
The data is collected directly from you and processed in particular on the basis of the following legal grounds:
/ Fulfilment of a contractual relationship or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures (Art 6 para 1 lit b GDPR)
Data processing may be carried out for the purpose of initiating pre-contractual measures or for the fulfilment of obligations arising from a contract concluded with you (such as the discussion of contractual content or processing in online conferences or the holding of a webinar booked by you) and on the basis of the conditions accepted by you.
/ On the basis of your consent (Art 6 para 1 lit a GDPR)
the purposes of the processing of personal data may result from the participant's consent (as in the case of a recording or a separate request for consent). Consent given for the processing of your personal data can be revoked by you at any time with effect for the future. Consents granted before the applicability of the GDPR (25 May 2018) can also be revoked. Processing that took place before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
/ Safeguarding Fronius' legitimate interests in the context of the balancing of interests (Art 6 (1) (f) GDPR)
the purposes of the processing result from safeguarding our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interest may be used to justify the processing of the data you have provided, provided that your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms are not overridden. Our legitimate interest here, in the case of open webinars, unless a contractual relationship has arisen through participation in the webinar, is to conduct a webinar and provide information to a wide audience. Legitimate interests may also lie in the further processing for documentation purposes after the conclusion of online conferences or seminars.
Duration of processing (criteria for deletion)
The processing of the data provided by you is carried out for as long as it is necessary to achieve the contractually agreed purpose, in principle for as long as the contractual relationship with you exists. After termination of the contractual relationship, the data provided by you will be processed to comply with statutory retention obligations or on the basis of our legitimate interests. After the expiry of the statutory retention periods and/or the lapse of our legitimate interests, the data provided by you will be deleted.
Supplementary information on this data processing
When using our tools, various types of data are processed. The scope of the data also depends on the data you provide before or when participating in an "online meeting".
In order to join an online meeting, you must provide a name; you may also choose a pseudonym. This information is stored temporarily in the browser and used for future access to online events.
In order to enable the display of video and the playback of audio, data from the microphone of your terminal device and from a video camera of the terminal device are processed during the meeting. Access can be disabled at any time using the buttons with the respective icons. Participation in online events is generally possible even if access is deactivated. It is also possible to exchange text messages in a group chat. The messages are then visible for all participants of the online event.
If a participant's screen is transferred during an event, the displayed screen content is shown to all other participants in the online meeting. Each participant should therefore ensure that no sensitive data is displayed on the screen before using the function. The screen sharing function can be deactivated at any time using the corresponding button.
In the event that we record online meetings, we will notify you before the recording begins and - if necessary - ask for verbal consent. If you do not wish to be recorded, you can leave the online meeting. If online meetings are being recorded, this will be indicated by a recording icon in the screen area. In this case, all video and audio data will be stored by us.
Online conferencing tools at Fronius and recipient
We use Microsoft Teams and Skype internally and externally to carry out our daily office communications and for conference calls, online meetings and/or video conferences. For webinars, we also use GotoWebinar.
To participate in an online meeting or a webinar, a participant receives an e-mail containing an invitation link. The e-mail address was either provided to us by the external participant or collected by us during registration for an online meeting or webinar. Fronius employees use their company contact data to participate in online meetings.
Microsoft Teams:
To conduct online meetings and host webinars, we use the Microsoft Teams service provided by Microsoft Ireland Operations, Ltd, South County Business Park Leopardstown, Dublin 18, D18 P521, Ireland, an affiliated company of Microsoft Cooperation, Redmond, WA, USA,
https://www.microsoft.com/de-at/microsoft-teams/group-chat-software
("MS Teams").
ATTENTION: Within the scope of this service, data transmission to the USA takes place or cannot be ruled out.
Skype for Business:
To conduct online meetings and host webinars, we use the Skype service provided by Microsoft Ireland Operations, Ltd, South County Business Park Leopardstown, Dublin 18, D18 P521, Ireland, an affiliated company of Microsoft Cooperation - Redmond, WA, USA,
https://www.skype.com/de/business/
("Skype").
ATTENTION: Within the scope of this service, data transmission to the USA takes place or cannot be ruled out.
We have concluded an order processing agreement with Microsoft (MS Teams & Skype). For the processing of data in the USA, the level of protection is guaranteed through the use of the EU standard contractual clauses.
Further information on data protection can be found at
https://privacy.microsoft.com/privacystatement
on the use of this service.
GotoWebinar:
To conduct online meetings, and in particular to host webinars, we use the GotoWebinar service provided by LogMeIn Ireland Unlimited Company, an affiliate of LogMeIn Group LogMeIn, Inc. Boston, 320 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02210, USA.
ATTENTION: Within the scope of this service, data transmission to the USA takes place or cannot be ruled out.
We have concluded an order processing agreement with LogMeIn Ireland. For the processing of data in the USA, the level of protection is guaranteed through the use of the EU standard contractual clauses.
Further information on data protection can be found at
https://www.logmein.com/de/trust/privacy
on the use of this service.
3. COURSES, TRAINING und WEBINARS
Categories of personal data
that Fronius collects and processes as part of this data processing:
Name (such as first name, last name, name affixes, salutation)
Contact details (such as e-mail address, if applicable also address, (mobile) phone number, if applicable company data: E-mail address, address)
if applicable, company data (such as type and name of the company, professional function)
Personal data (like language)
Contract data, if applicable
Visit data, if applicable
bank and financial data, if applicable
The data is collected directly from you and processed in particular on the basis of the following
legal grounds
:
/ performance of a contractual relationship or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures (Art 6 para 1 lit b GDPR)
Data processing may be carried out for the purposes of initiating pre-contractual measures or for the performance of obligations arising from a contract concluded with you (or with your company/employer) (such as registration and participation in the relevant course offering or webinar, organization and communication, and implementation and completion of qualifications) and on the basis of the terms and conditions accepted by you.
/ To protect the legitimate interests of Fronius in the context of the balancing of interests (Art 6 para 1 lit f GDPR)
the purposes of the processing result from the protection of our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interest may be used to justify the processing of the data you have provided, provided that your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms are not overridden. For example, our legitimate interest here may lie in the processing of your personal data for the purposes of organizing and holding courses and training sessions, both present and online, as well as in providing information about further course offerings.
Duration of processing (criteria for deletion)
The processing of the data provided by you is carried out for as long as it is necessary to achieve the contractually agreed purpose, in principle for as long as the contractual relationship with you exists. After termination of the contractual relationship, the data provided by you will be processed to comply with statutory retention obligations or on the basis of our legitimate interests. After the expiry of the statutory retention periods and/or the lapse of our legitimate interests, the data provided by you will be deleted.
Supplementary information on this data processing
Pathways to Fronius courses, training and webinarsFronius
offers its customers, business partners, employees and others the opportunity to attend courses, training or even webinars related to Fronius products. Completion of this offer can also be part of an agreement with business partners and a prerequisite for certifications by Fronius (such as certification as a "Certified Partner").
Recipients So far as
we organize courses, trainings or webinars together with partners of ours, you will receive information about this and we will share your personal data with them. For this purpose, we have concluded corresponding order processing contracts or joint responsibility contracts with our partners.
If courses or training sessions are held as webinars, the provisions set out under "Online Conferences and Webinars" shall apply in addition.
4. ONLINE-SERVICES, SOFTWARE AND APPS
Categories of personal data
that Fronius collects and processes when you register to use our online services or apps:
Name
Contact details
Company data
Personal data
Contract data
IT data
Product usage data (such as plant and equipment usage data)
Position data
Bank and financial data
The data is collected directly from you and processed in particular on the basis of the following legal grounds:
/ Fulfilment of a contractual relationship or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures (Art 6 para 1 lit b GDPR)
Data processing may be carried out for the purposes of initiating pre-contractual measures or fulfilling the obligations arising from a contract concluded with you (or with your company/employer) (such as provision of online services and software, authentication for the use of our services, granting of extended rights) and on the basis of the terms and conditions accepted by you.
The purposes of the processing of personal data may result from your consent to the processing of your data for the purposes of using our online services and software or our services. Consent given for the processing of your personal data can be revoked by you at any time with effect for the future. Consents granted before the GDPR (25 May 2018) came into force can also be revoked. Processing that took place before the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
/ Safeguarding Fronius' legitimate interests in the context of the balancing of interests (Art 6 (1) (f) GDPR)
the purposes of the processing result from safeguarding our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interest can be used to justify the processing of the data you have provided, provided that your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms are not overridden. Our legitimate interest here is the provision of online services and software for our customers, optimization and expansion of our offer, improved customer service, corporate communication, in the internal administration and optimization of the business process, as well as in the improvement of our products and troubleshooting. After registering to use our online services, software and apps, Fronius also processes the data of your registered systems and devices in accordance with the applicable terms of use. In the process, usage data of your registered systems and devices is regularly transferred to Fronius for the purpose of analyzing this data and subsequently improving performance as well as our products. The system and device data is processed on the basis of Fronius' legitimate interest in using usage data from systems and devices registered with Fronius for analysis and improvement purposes.
Duration of processing (criteria for deletion)
the data is generally processed for the duration of the contractual relationship. After deactivation of your account, your personal data will be stored for 3 years for the purpose of reversing erroneous deactivation and a possible legal defense and then deleted.
In the event that you have given your consent to data processing, we will delete your data as soon as you revoke your consent.
Supplementary information on this data processing
Ways to our online services, software and apps
For the use of our online services, software and apps, an online registration by means of email address and password as well as, if applicable, the entry of your further data is required, in which the data is collected directly from you. In the course of registration, you accept the terms and conditions of the respective offer.
Recipients
Your data will not be passed on to third parties.
For the operation of our online services, software and apps, we use cloud solutions and service providers with whom we have concluded corresponding order processing agreements. Regarding data transfers to third countries, the information in the general section applies in addition.
After registering for our services, you can partially make your user name visible to other members. In addition, you can release or publish further data of your profile or your attachment and make it visible for other members. Within your profile, you have the option to adjust the extent to which your data is published by making the appropriate settings. It is at your discretion to decide which and to what extent this data is released or published for other users. Details are explained in more detail on the websites in the respective function of the respective online services and apps.
Fronius as a processor
Where our business customers are considered "controllers" when using our online services, software and apps and we are "processors" within the meaning of the GDPR, the order processing agreement available here for our business customers
applies.
Privacy Policy
Last update:
23. March 2025
Thank you for your interest in the information on our website!
With the help of this Privacy Policy we would like to inform the users of our website about the type, scope and purpose of the personal data processed. Personal data in this context is all information that can be used to personally identify you as a user of our website (theoretically in an alternative way or by linking various data), including your IP address. Information that is stored in cookies is generally not or only in exceptional cases personally identifiable; however, cookies are covered by specific regulations that makes the permissibility of the use of cookies dependent on their purpose to a large extent on the active consent of the user.
In a general section of this Privacy Policy, we provide you with information on data protection, which generally applies to our processing of data, including data collection on our website. In particular, you as a data subject will be informed about the rights to which you are entitled.
The terms used in our Privacy Policy and our data protection practice are based on the provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") and other relevant national legal provisions.
Controller according to the GDPR
Fronius International GmbH
Registration Number:
149888z
Froniusstraße 1
4643 Pettenbach
Austria
e:
dataprotection@fronius.com
t:
+43/7242/241-0
Data collection on our website
On the one hand, personal data is collected from you when you expressly communicate such data to us, on the other hand, data, especially technical data, is automatically collected when you visit our website. Some of this data is collected to ensure that our website functions without errors. Other data may be used for analysis purposes. However, you can use our website without a need to provide personal information.
Technologies on our website
Google Analytics
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA).
Purpose: Web Analytics, Performance Measurement, Conversion Tracking, Collection of Statistical Data
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit details, User Data.
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
On our website, we use the functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics to analyze user behavior and to optimize our website. The reports provided by Google are used to analyze the performance of our website and to measure the success of possible campaigns via our website.
Google Analytics uses cookies that enable an analysis of the use of our website.
Information about the use of the website such as browser type/version, operating system used, the previously visited page, host name of the accessing computer (IP address), time of server request are usually transmitted to a Google server and stored there. We have concluded a contract with Google for this purpose.
On our behalf, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. According to Google, the IP address transmitted by your browser is not merged with other data from Google.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization activated by default. This means that the IP address of a user is shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. According to Google, the IP address transmitted by a user's browser within the scope of Google Analytics is not linked to other Google data.
During the website visit, the user behaviour is recorded in the form of so-called events. These can represent the following:
Page views, the click path of a user.
first visit to our website
visited websites
start of a session
interaction with our website
user behavior (for example, clicks, scrolls, dwell time, bounce rates)
file downloads
ads seen / clicked
interaction with videos
internal search queries
furthermore, the following is recorded:
approximate location (region)
date and time of visit
IP address (in shortened form)
technical information about the browser or the end devices used (e.g. language setting, screen resolution)
Internet service provider
Referrer URL (via which website/advertising medium a user came to our website).
The processing of this data is essentially done by Google for its own purposes such as profiling (without our ability to influence).
The data about the use of our website is deleted immediately after the end of the retention period set by us in each case. Google Analytics gives us a default of 2 months for the retention period of user and event data, with a maximum retention period of 14 months. This retention period also applies to conversion data. For all other event data, the following options are available: 2 months, 14 months, 26 months (Google Analytics 360 only), 38 months (Google Analytics 360 only), 50 months (Google Analytics 360 only). We will choose the shortest storage period that corresponds to our intended use. You can ask us at any time for the retention period currently set by us.
The deletion of data whose retention period has been reached takes place automatically once a month.
Google Fonts
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company Google LLC (USA),
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Purpose: Integration of fonts
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA (possible)
Data processed: IP address, language settings, screen resolution, version and name of browser.
Data subjects: website visitors
Technology: JavaScript call
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework
Website: www.google.com
Further information:
https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
To display fonts consistently, our website uses Web Fonts which are provided by Google.
To display web fonts, the web browser you use must connect with a Google server. This informs Google that our website is being accessed via your IP address. The IP address from the browser of the device you are using to access our site is also stored by Google. If your browser does not support Web Fonts, your device will display the site using a standard font type. With each Google Font request, your IP address is automatically transferred to a Google server along with information such as your language preferences, display resolution, version and name of your browser. The usage data collected by Google enables them to determine the popularity of specific font types. Google publishes these findings on internal analytics sites (e.g. Google Analytics).
Google Fonts enables us to use fonts on our own website without uploading them to our server. Google Fonts is an important building block for maintaining the high quality of our website. All Google fonts are automatically optimized for the web. This reduces the data volume and is particularly advantageous for use on mobile devices. When you visit our site, the low file size allows for quicker loading times. Furthermore, Google Fonts are secure Web Fonts that support all major browsers.
Google stores requests for CSS assets for one day on its servers. This enables us to use the fonts with the support of a Google style sheet. The font files are stored by Google for one year. To delete data prematurely, you must contact Google Support (
https://support.google.com
).
Google Maps
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Integration of Map Services
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit Details, User Data
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
On our website, the service Google Maps is integrated in order to better display geographical information about locations for users.
Google Maps is an online map service with which geographic information can be made more legible via a terminal device. Among other things, directions are displayed or map sections of a location can be integrated into a website.
When Google Maps is called up, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers. This enables Google to know that our website has been accessed via the user's IP address. The use of Google Maps enables Google to collect and process data about the use of the service.
For the provision of this service, Google Maps processes, among other things, entered search terms as well as latitude and longitude coordinates on the basis of the IP address. If the route planner function of Google Maps is used, the entered starting address is also stored. This data processing is carried out exclusively by Google and is not within our sphere of influence.
We would like to point out that a cookie called "NID" is set by Google when running this service. Google Maps does not currently offer us the option to run this service in a mode without this cookie. The NID cookie contains information about your user behavior, which Google uses to optimize its own services and to provide individual, personalized advertising for you.
Google anonymizes data in server logs by deleting a portion of the IP address and cookie information after 9 and 18 months, respectively.
Location and activity data is stored for either 3 or 18 months and then deleted. Users can also manually clear history at any time via a Google account. To completely prevent location tracking, a user must turn off the "Web and App Activity" section in their Google account.
Google Marketing Platform / Google Ad Manager
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Personalized Advertising, Conversion Tracking, Remarketing, Campaign Performance Measurement
Category: Marketing
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit details, User data
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/de/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
On this website, the Google Ads service is used for the purpose of advertising our products and services.  Google Ads is Google's in-house online advertising system.
It is important for us to know whether an interested visitor ultimately becomes our customer. To be able to measure this, there is the so-called conversion tracking. Furthermore, we would like to be able to address visitors to our website again and in a targeted manner. We achieve this through so-called remarketing (retargeting).
Google Ads serves both conversion tracking and remarketing, i.e. we can see what happened after you clicked on one of our ads. In order for this service to work, cookies are used and visitors are sometimes included in remarketing lists in order to be served only with certain advertising campaigns.
This is done by means of a pseudonymous identification number (pID), which the browser of a user receives and is assigned to him. This pID enables the service to recognize which ads have already been displayed to a user and which have been called up. The data is used to serve ads across websites by enabling Google to identify the pages visited by the user.
Our goal is that the offer of our website through the use of Google Ads targeted to those visitors who are actually interested in our offer. The data from conversion tracking allows us to measure the benefit of individual advertising measures and optimize our website for our visitors. Conversion can be measured through the use of cookies.
The information generated is transferred by Google to a server in the U.S. for evaluation and stored there. A transfer of data by Google to third parties only takes place due to legal regulations or in the context of commissioned data processing. Under no circumstances will Google link data of a user with other data collected by Google.
Google reCAPTCHA
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company Google LLC (USA),
Purpose: Protection against Misuse, Spam Prevention
Category: Technically Required
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit Details
Data subjects: User
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies, Local Storage
Legal basis: Legitimate Interest, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
On our website, the Google reCAPTCHA service is used to protect against abuse by non-human visitors (bots) and to prevent spam.
When reCAPTCHA is started, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers. This enables Google to know that our website has been accessed via a user's IP address.
The purpose of reCAPTCHA is to verify whether the data entry on our website is made by a human or by an automated program. For this purpose, reCAPTCHA analyzes the user's behavior based on various characteristics. This analysis begins automatically as soon as the user starts our website. For the analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates various information.
According to our information, the following data is processed by Google:
the address of the page from which the visitor comes
IP address
Information about the operating system
Cookies
Mouse and keyboard behavior
Date and language settings
All Java-Script Objects
Screen resolution
The data collected during the analysis is forwarded to and used by Google. The reCAPTCHA analyses run entirely in the background.
Cookies are used for the processing of the service.  These cookies require a unique identifier for tracking purposes. According to Google, the IP address is not merged with other data from other Google services, unless a user is logged into his Google account while using the reCAPTCHA plug-in. Furthermore, reCAPTCHA also uses the local storage on the user's device to store data.
Google Tag Manager
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Launching Tools and Plugins
Category: Technically Required
Recipients: EU, USA (possible)
Data processed: IP Address
Data subjects: User
Technology: JavaScript Call
Legal basis: legitimate interest, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
The Google Tag Manager service is used on our website.
The Tag Manager is a service that allows us to manage website tags via an interface. This allows us to include code snippets such as tracking codes or conversion pixels on websites without interfering with the source code. In doing so, the data is only forwarded by the Tag Manager, but neither collected nor stored. The Tag Manager itself is a cookie-less domain and does not process any personal data, as it serves purely to manage other services in our online offering.
When the Google Tag Manager is started, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers.  These are mainly located in the U.S. Through this, Google obtains knowledge that our website was called up via the IP address of a user.
The Tag Manager ensures the resolution of other tags, which in turn may collect data. However, the Tag Manager does not access this data. If a deactivation has been made at the domain or cookie level, this remains in place for all tracking tags that are implemented with the Tag Manager.
Hosting
In the process of hosting our website, we store all data related to the operation of our website. This is necessary for enabling operation of our website. Therefore, we process this data on the legal grounds of our legitimate interest in optimising our website. To provide access to our website, we use the services of web hosting providers, to whom we supply the aforementioned data within the context of contractual processing.
JQuery Content Delivery Network
Provider: Fastly Inc, 475 Brannan St. Suite 300 San Francisco, CA 94107, USA
Purpose: Optimization of the loading speed of the website
Category: technically required
Recipient country: USA (third country)
Processed data: IP address
Data subjects: Website visitors
Technology: JavaScript libraries, Content Delivery Network (CDN)
Legal basis: legitimate interest (improvement of the website), US Data Privacy Framework certification.
Website:
https://www.fastly.com/
Further information:
https://www.fastly.com/privacy/
https://www.fastly.com/data-processing/
https://www.fastly.com/terms/
https://www.fastly.com/acceptable-use/
We use the JavaScript library jQuery on our website. jQuery is provided via a Content Delivery Network (CDN). This service enables our website to load much faster, especially for users from abroad, as our website can be delivered from a server nearby.
The jQuery library primarily enables a modern design of our websites.
The developer of the jQuery JavaScript library is the jQuery team of the Open JS Foundation:
https://jquery.org/team/
,
https://js.foundation/contact.
To increase the loading speed of our website, we use the provider's CDN (Content Delivery Network) to load the jQuery library. Even if your browser already has a copy of the jQuery library in its cache, a connection to the jQuery server is established and your IP address is transmitted to the service provider.
The provider has distributed servers in various countries and a user's data can therefore be stored both in the USA and within the EU. The provider stores personal data on our behalf for as long as is necessary for the provision of our services and to fulfill our legal obligations.
Contact
We offer various ways to get in touch with us on our website. Whenever you contact us, your information is used to process and handle your contact request in the course of fulfilling pre-contractual rights and obligations. To handle and answer your request it is necessary for us to process your data; otherwise we are unable to answer your request or only able to partially answer it. Your information can be stored in a database of customers and leads on the grounds of our legitimate interest in direct marketing.
We delete your request and contact information when your request has been definitively answered and there is no legally required time limit for storing this data prior to deletion (e.g. pursuant to a subsequent contractual relationship). This is usually the case when there is no further contact with you for three years in a row.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
Provider: LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Ireland, Parent: LinkedIn Corporation (USA).
Purpose: Conversion tracking, Web analytics
Category: Marketing
Recipient: EU, USA
Data processed: IP address, website visit details, online-related data
Data subjects: website visitors, LinkedIn users
Technology: JavaScript call, cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt0000000L0UZAA0&status=Active
Website:
https://www.linkedin.com/
Further information:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
https://www.linkedin.com/help/lms/answer/85787
https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/87150/
Our website uses LinkedIn Insight Tag, a web analytics service. Through this service, LinkedIn users on our website are recorded and analyzed. This gives us insights into our target groups. Furthermore, we can use it to measure the attractiveness of our offers and services as well as the success of LinkedIn campaigns.
LinkedIn members also have the option to opt-out of LinkedIn conversion tracking and to block and delete cookies or disable demographic features at
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/advertising/.
In LinkedIn's settings, there is no separate opt-out option for third-party impressions or click tracking for campaigns running on LinkedIn, as all underlying campaigns respect LinkedIn members' settings.
Information about the use of our website collected by the LinkedIn Insight tag is encrypted. LinkedIn anonymizes the data within 7 days. Within 90 days, the data is deleted again. We as site operator do not receive any personal data, only reports on demographic information, information around the respective jobs to our target groups and the success of LinkedIn campaigns.
Meta-Pixel
Provider: Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland, Parent Company: Meta Platforms, Inc (USA).
Purpose: Web Analysis, Tracking (Conversion)
Category: Marketing
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, User Data, Website Visit Details
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active
Website: www.facebook.com
Further information:
https://en-gb.facebook.com/privacy/policy
https://en-gb.facebook.com/business/help/742478679120153
On our website, the service Meta-Pixel of the social network Facebook is used for the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer.
With the help of Meta-Pixel, it is possible for Meta, on the one hand, to determine the visitors to our website as a target group for the display of personalized ads. Accordingly, we use Meta-Pixel to display the ads placed by us only to users who have also shown an interest in our online offering or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interests in certain topics or products determined on the basis of the websites visited) that we transmit to Meta (so-called "Custom Audiences"). With the help of Meta-Pixel, we also want to ensure that our Meta Ads correspond to the potential interest of users and do not have a harassing effect. With the help of Meta-Pixel, we can, on the other hand, track the effectiveness of Meta Ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users were redirected to our website after clicking on a Meta Ad (so-called "conversion").
Your actions are stored in one or more cookies in the process. These cookies allow Meta to match your user data (such as IP address, user ID) with your Facebook account data. The collected data is anonymous and not visible to us and can only be used in the context of advertisements. You can prevent the linking with your Facebook account by logging out before you take any action.
To set which types of ads are displayed to you within Facebook, you can visit the page set up by Meta and follow the instructions there for the settings of usage-based advertising:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
The settings are done in a platform-independent manner, which means that they are applied to all devices, such as desktop computers or mobile devices.
Pinterest Conversion Tracking (Marketing)
Provider: Pinterest Europe Ltd, Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Pinterest").
Purpose: Tracking (Conversion)
Category: Marketing
Recipients: EU, USA (possibly)
Data processed: IP address, website visit details
Data subjects: website visitors
Technology: JavaScript call, cookies
Legal basis: consent
Website: www.pinterest.com
Further information:
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
Our website uses the conversion tracking service of the Pinterest social network of Pinterest Europe Ltd, Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Pinterest").
ATTENTION: Within the scope of this service, data transfer to the U.S. takes place or cannot be excluded. We would like to point out that as of July 10, 2023, the European Commission has issued an adequacy decision pursuant to Art 45 paragraph 1 GDPR on the EU-US data privacy framework (Data Privacy Framework). Accordingly, organizations or companies (as data importers) in the U.S. that are registered in a public list under the self-certification option of the Data Privacy Framework provide an adequate level of protection for data transfers. Whether the specific provider of this service is already certified can be found here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search
This technology enables us to display Pinterest related advertisements and offers on Pinterest to our website visitors who have already taken an interest in our site and our content/offers and who are Pinterest members.
This is done by integrating a Pinterest conversion tracking pixel on our pages, which tells Pinterest when you visit our website that you have visited our website and which parts of our offers you are interested in.
The use of this service is based on your consent in accordance with art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. a GDPR. This can be revoked at any time with effect for the future.
You can opt out of the collection of data for the display of interest-based advertising on Pinterest at any time in your account settings at Pinterest at
https://www.pinterest.de/settings
(where you can deactivate the "Use information from our partners to better tailor recommendations and ads on Pinterest to you" button under "Customization") or at
https://help.pinterest.com/de/article/personalization-and-data#info-ad
(where you can deactivate the checkbox under "Deactivate customization").
For more information about Pinterest's privacy policy, please visit:
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
Server Log Files
For technical reasons, particularly to ensure a functioning and secure website, we process the technically necessary data about accesses to our website in so-called server log files which your browser automatically sends to us.
The access data we process includes:
The name of the website you are accessing
The browser type (including version) you use
The operating system you use
The site you visited before  accessing our site (referrer URL)
The time of your server request
The amount of data transferred
The host name of computer (IP address) you are using to access the site
This data cannot be traced back to any natural person and is used solely to perform statistical analyses and to operate and improve our website while also optimising our site and keeping it secure. This data is sent exclusively to our website operator. The data is neither connected nor aggregated with other data sources. In case of suspicion of unlawful use of our website, we reserve the right to examine the data retroactively. This data processing takes place on the legal grounds of our legitimate interest in maintaining a technically fault-free and optimal website.
The access data is deleted within a short period of time after serving its purpose (usually within a few days) unless further storage is required for evidence purposes. In such cases, the data is stored until the incident is definitively resolved.
SSL Encryption
Within your visit to our website, we use the widespread SSL procedure (Secure Socket Layer) in conjunction with the highest level of encryption supported by your browser. You can tell whether an individual page of our website is transmitted in encrypted form by the closed representation of the key or lock symbol in the lower status bar of your browser. We use this encryption procedure on the basis of our justified interest in the use of suitable encryption techniques.
We also make use of suitable technical and organisational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction or against unauthorised access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments and kept state-of-the-art.
TikTok Pixel
On our website, we use the so-called TikTok pixel of the social network TikTok, which is operated by TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland ("TikTok"). The parent company of TikTok is based in China.
ATTENTION: Within the scope of this service, data transfer to Cina takes place or cannot be ruled out.
With the help of the TikTok pixel, it is possible for TikTok, on the one hand, to determine you as a visitor to our online offer as a target group for the display of advertisements (so-called "TikTok ads"). Accordingly, we use the TikTok pixel to display the TikTok ads placed by us only to those TikTok users who have also shown an interest in our online offer or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interests in certain topics or products determined on the basis of the websites visited) that we transmit to TikTok (so-called "Custom Audiences").
With the help of the TikTok pixel, we also want to ensure that our TikTok ads correspond to the potential interest of users and are not harassing. The TikTok pixel also allows us to track the effectiveness of the TikTok ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users have been redirected to our website after clicking on a TikTok ad (so-called "conversion").
The processing of the data by TikTok takes place within the framework of the data use policy at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en
of TikTok.
Specific information and details about the TikTok Pixel and how it works can be found in the TikTok help section at
https://support.tiktok.com/en
The use of the TikTok pixel as well as the storage of "conversion cookies" is based on your consent according to Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke this consent at any time.
For the processing of data for which TikTok acts as a data processor, we have concluded a data processing agreement with TikTok in which we oblige TikTok to protect our customers' data and not to pass it on to third parties.
General information on data protection
The following provisions in its principles apply not only to the data collection on our website, but also in general to other processing of personal data.
Personal data
Personal data is information that can be assigned to you individually. Examples include your address, your name as well as your postal address, email address or telephone number. Information such as the number of users who visit a website is not personal data because it is not assigned to a person.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data
Unless more specific information is provided in this Privacy Policy (e.g. in the case of the technologies used), we may process personal data from you on the basis of the following legal principles:
consent in accordance with Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. a of the GDPR
- The data subject has given his or her consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific purposes.
Fulfillment of a contract and pre-contractual measures pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. b of the GDPR
- Processing is necessary for the fulfillment of a contract to which the data subject is a party or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
Legal obligation pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. c of the GDPR
- Processing is necessary for the performance of a legal obligation.
Protection of vital interests pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. d of the GDPR
- Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person.
Reasonable interests pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. f of the GDPR
- The processing is necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the controller or of a third party unless the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject prevail.
Please note that in addition to the provisions of the GDPR, national data protection regulations may apply in your or our home country.
Transfer of personal data
Your personal data will not be transferred to third parties for purposes other than those listed in this Privacy Policy.
We will only transfer your personal data to third parties if:
you have given your express
consent
in accordance with
Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. a of the GDPR
,
the transfer pursuant to
Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. f of the GDPR
is necessary to safeguard
reasonable interests,
as well as to assert, exercise or defend legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have a prevailing interest worthy of protection by not disclosing your data,
there is a
legal obligation
to transfer the data in accordance with
Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. c of the GDPR,
as well as this is legally permissible and / or
it is required according to
Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. b of the GDPR
for the
processing of contractual relationships
with you.
Cooperation with processors
We carefully select our service providers who process personal data on our behalf. If we commission third parties to process personal data on the basis of a data processing agreement, this is done in accordance with
Art. 28 of the GDPR
.
Transfer to third countries
If we process data to a third country or if this is done in the context of using the services of third parties or disclosure or transfer of data to other persons or companies, this is only done on the legal basis described above for the transfer of data.
Subject to express consent or contractual necessity, we process or allow data to be processed only in third countries  in accordance with
Art. 44 - 49 of the GDPR
with a recognized level of data protection or on the basis of special guarantees, such as contractual obligations through so-called standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission, the existence of certifications or binding corporate rules.
Data transfer to the U.S.
We would like to explicitly point out that as of July 10, 2023, the EU Commission has issued an adequacy decision on the EU-US data protection framework (Data Privacy Framework) pursuant to Art. 45 paragraph 1 GDPR. Accordingly, organizations or companies (as data importers) in the US that are registered in a public list as part of the self-certification of the Data Privacy Framework provide an adequate level of protection for data transfers. Whether the specific provider of a service is already certified can be found here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search
The Data Privacy Framework provides a valid legal basis for the transfer of personal data to the USA. This creates binding guarantees to comply with all ECJ requirements; for example, it provides that access by U.S. intelligence services to EU data is limited to a necessary and proportionate level and that a data protection review court is created to which individuals in the EU also have access.
If a transfer of data by us to the US takes place at all or if a service provider based in the US is used by us, we refer to this explicitly in this Privacy Policy (see in particular the description of the technologies used on our website).
It should be noted that aside from significant improvements, the Data Privacy Framework is only partial and only applies to data transfers to those data importers in the U.S. that appear on the public list of certified organizations/companies.
What can the transfer of personal data to the US mean for you as a user and what risks are involved?
Risks for you as a user as far as data importers in the USA are concerned, which are not covered by the Data Privacy Framework, are in any case the powers of the US secret services and the legal situation in the U.S., which currently, according to the European Court of Justice, no longer ensure an adequate level of data protection. Among others, these are the following:
Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) does not provide for any restrictions on the surveillance measures of the secret services or guarantees for non-US citizens.
Presidential Policy Directive 28 (PPD-28) does not provide effective remedies for those affected against actions by U.S. authorities and does not provide barriers to ensuring proportionate measures.
The ombudsman provided for in the Privacy Shield does not have sufficient independence from the executive; he cannot issue binding orders to the U.S. secret services.
Legally compliant transfer of data to the U.S. on the basis of the standard contractual clauses for data importers not covered by the Data Privacy Framework?
In June 2021, the European Commission adopted new Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) in Decision 2021/914/EU. These create a new legal basis for data transfers where the level of data protection is not the same as in the EU.
Legally compliant transfer of data to the U.S. based on consent?
If a data transfer to a service provider based in the U.S. takes place that is not covered by the Data Privacy Framework and this data transfer is based on explicit consent, we provide explicit information about this in this privacy policy, in particular in the description of the technologies used on our website.
What measures do we take to ensure that data transfers to the U.S. are legally compliant?
Where US providers offer the option, we choose to process data on EU servers. This should technically ensure that the data is located within the European Union and that access by US authorities is not possible.
Storage periods in general
If no explicit storage period is specified during the collection of data (e.g. in the context of a declaration of consent), we are obliged to delete personal data in accordance with
Art. 5 paragraph 1 lit. e of the GDPR
as soon as the purpose for processing has been fulfilled. In this context, we would like to point out that legal storage obligations represent a legitimate purpose for the further processing of affected personal data.
Personal data will be stored and retained by us in principle until the termination of a business relationship or until the expiry of any applicable guarantee, warranty or limitation periods, in addition, until the end of any legal disputes in which the data is required as evidence, or in any event until the expiry of the third year following the last contact with a business partner.
Storage periods in particular
As part of the description of individual technologies on our website, there are specific references to the storage period of data. In our cookie table, you will be informed about the storage period of individual cookies. In addition, you always have the possibility to ask us directly about the specific storage period of data. To do so, please use the contact data listed in this Privacy Policy.
Rights of data subjects
Data subject have the right:
(i)
in accordance with Art. 15 of the GDPR,
to request information
about your personal data processed by us. In particular, you may request information on the purposes of processing, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, the planned duration of storage, the existence of a right of rectification, deletion, restriction of processing or opposition, the existence of a right of appeal, the origin of your data, if not collected by us, as well as the existence of automated decision making including profiling and, where applicable, meaningful information on the details thereof;
(ii)
in accordance with Art. 16 of the GDPR,
to demand without delay the
correction
of incorrect or incomplete personal data stored by us;
(iii)
in accordance with Art. 17 of the GDPR, under specific circumstances
to demand the
deletion
of your personal data stored with us, unless the processing is necessary to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information, to fulfill a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims;
(iv)
in accordance with Art. 18 of the GDPR,
to demand the (temporary)
restriction of the processing
of your personal data, insofar as the accuracy of the data is disputed by you, the processing is unlawful, but you refuse to delete it and we no longer require the data, but you require it for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims or you have lodged an objection to the processing in accordance with Art. 21 of the GDPR;
(v)
in accordance with Art. 20 of the GDPR,
to receive your personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to request that it be transferred to another controller; However, this only covers those of your personal data that we process with the help of automated processes after your consent or on the basis of a contract with you;
(vi)
in accordance with Art. 21 of the GDPR,
if your personal data are processed on the basis of our legitimate interest,
to object
to the processing of your personal data for reasons arising from your specific situation or if the objection is directed against direct advertising. In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, which we will implement without indicating a specific situation.
(vii)
in accordance with Art. 7 paragraph 3 of the GDPR,
you may at any time
revoke your consent
to us. As a result, we may no longer continue the data processing based on this consent in the future. Among other things, you have the option of revoking your consent to the use of cookies on our website with effect for the future by calling up our
Cookie Settings.
(viii)
in accordance with Art. 77 of the GDPR
to
complain
to a data protection authority regarding the illegal processing of your data by us. As a rule, you can contact the data protection authority at your usual place of residence or workplace or at the headquarters of our company.
The responsible data protection authority for Fronius International GmbH is:
Österreichische Datenschutzbehörde
Barichgasse 40-42, 1030 Wien, Österreich
Tel.: +43 1 52 152-0, dsb@dsb.gv.at
Assertion of rights of data subjects
You yourself decide on the use of your personal data. Should you therefore wish to exercise one of your above-mentioned rights towards us, you are welcome to contact us by email at
dataprotection@fronius.com
or by post, as well as by telephone.
Please assist us in specifying your request by answering questions from our responsible employees regarding the specific processing of your personal data. If there are reasonable doubts about your identity, we may request a copy of your identification.
For questions regarding data protection, you can reach us at
dataprotection@fronius.com
or at the other contact details stated in this Privacy Policy.
Pettenbach
, on
23. March 2025
Download as PDF
III. Special data protection information
Information on individual data processing within the scope of our offer can be found
hier
.
IV. Individual information for this website
Detailed information on the individual cookies on our website can be found in our
Cookie Policy
. There you can also change your cookie settings as well as subsequently reject cookies that are not necessary.
Modules with special information
In the following, we provide you with extensive information about the services and technologies we use, in addition to our
Cookie Policy
.
Google Analytics
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA).
Purpose: Web Analytics, Performance Measurement, Conversion Tracking, Collection of Statistical Data
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit details, User Data.
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
On our website, we use the functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics to analyze user behavior and to optimize our website. The reports provided by Google are used to analyze the performance of our website and to measure the success of possible campaigns via our website.
Google Analytics uses cookies that enable an analysis of the use of our website.
Information about the use of the website such as browser type/version, operating system used, the previously visited page, host name of the accessing computer (IP address), time of server request are usually transmitted to a Google server and stored there. We have concluded a contract with Google for this purpose.
On our behalf, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. According to Google, the IP address transmitted by your browser is not merged with other data from Google.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization activated by default. This means that the IP address of a user is shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. According to Google, the IP address transmitted by a user's browser within the scope of Google Analytics is not linked to other Google data.
During the website visit, the user behaviour is recorded in the form of so-called events. These can represent the following:
Page views, the click path of a user.
first visit to our website
visited websites
start of a session
interaction with our website
user behavior (for example, clicks, scrolls, dwell time, bounce rates)
file downloads
ads seen / clicked
interaction with videos
internal search queries
furthermore, the following is recorded:
approximate location (region)
date and time of visit
IP address (in shortened form)
technical information about the browser or the end devices used (e.g. language setting, screen resolution)
Internet service provider
Referrer URL (via which website/advertising medium a user came to our website).
The processing of this data is essentially done by Google for its own purposes such as profiling (without our ability to influence).
The data about the use of our website is deleted immediately after the end of the retention period set by us in each case. Google Analytics gives us a default of 2 months for the retention period of user and event data, with a maximum retention period of 14 months. This retention period also applies to conversion data. For all other event data, the following options are available: 2 months, 14 months, 26 months (Google Analytics 360 only), 38 months (Google Analytics 360 only), 50 months (Google Analytics 360 only). We will choose the shortest storage period that corresponds to our intended use. You can ask us at any time for the retention period currently set by us.
The deletion of data whose retention period has been reached takes place automatically once a month.
Google Fonts
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company Google LLC (USA),
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Purpose: Integration of fonts
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA (possible)
Data processed: IP address, language settings, screen resolution, version and name of browser.
Data subjects: website visitors
Technology: JavaScript call
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework
Website: www.google.com
Further information:
https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
To display fonts consistently, our website uses Web Fonts which are provided by Google.
To display web fonts, the web browser you use must connect with a Google server. This informs Google that our website is being accessed via your IP address. The IP address from the browser of the device you are using to access our site is also stored by Google. If your browser does not support Web Fonts, your device will display the site using a standard font type. With each Google Font request, your IP address is automatically transferred to a Google server along with information such as your language preferences, display resolution, version and name of your browser. The usage data collected by Google enables them to determine the popularity of specific font types. Google publishes these findings on internal analytics sites (e.g. Google Analytics).
Google Fonts enables us to use fonts on our own website without uploading them to our server. Google Fonts is an important building block for maintaining the high quality of our website. All Google fonts are automatically optimized for the web. This reduces the data volume and is particularly advantageous for use on mobile devices. When you visit our site, the low file size allows for quicker loading times. Furthermore, Google Fonts are secure Web Fonts that support all major browsers.
Google stores requests for CSS assets for one day on its servers. This enables us to use the fonts with the support of a Google style sheet. The font files are stored by Google for one year. To delete data prematurely, you must contact Google Support (
https://support.google.com
).
Google Maps
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Integration of Map Services
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit Details, User Data
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
On our website, the service Google Maps is integrated in order to better display geographical information about locations for users.
Google Maps is an online map service with which geographic information can be made more legible via a terminal device. Among other things, directions are displayed or map sections of a location can be integrated into a website.
When Google Maps is called up, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers. This enables Google to know that our website has been accessed via the user's IP address. The use of Google Maps enables Google to collect and process data about the use of the service.
For the provision of this service, Google Maps processes, among other things, entered search terms as well as latitude and longitude coordinates on the basis of the IP address. If the route planner function of Google Maps is used, the entered starting address is also stored. This data processing is carried out exclusively by Google and is not within our sphere of influence.
We would like to point out that a cookie called "NID" is set by Google when running this service. Google Maps does not currently offer us the option to run this service in a mode without this cookie. The NID cookie contains information about your user behavior, which Google uses to optimize its own services and to provide individual, personalized advertising for you.
Google anonymizes data in server logs by deleting a portion of the IP address and cookie information after 9 and 18 months, respectively.
Location and activity data is stored for either 3 or 18 months and then deleted. Users can also manually clear history at any time via a Google account. To completely prevent location tracking, a user must turn off the "Web and App Activity" section in their Google account.
Google Marketing Platform / Google Ad Manager
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Personalized Advertising, Conversion Tracking, Remarketing, Campaign Performance Measurement
Category: Marketing
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit details, User data
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/de/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
On this website, the Google Ads service is used for the purpose of advertising our products and services.  Google Ads is Google's in-house online advertising system.
It is important for us to know whether an interested visitor ultimately becomes our customer. To be able to measure this, there is the so-called conversion tracking. Furthermore, we would like to be able to address visitors to our website again and in a targeted manner. We achieve this through so-called remarketing (retargeting).
Google Ads serves both conversion tracking and remarketing, i.e. we can see what happened after you clicked on one of our ads. In order for this service to work, cookies are used and visitors are sometimes included in remarketing lists in order to be served only with certain advertising campaigns.
This is done by means of a pseudonymous identification number (pID), which the browser of a user receives and is assigned to him. This pID enables the service to recognize which ads have already been displayed to a user and which have been called up. The data is used to serve ads across websites by enabling Google to identify the pages visited by the user.
Our goal is that the offer of our website through the use of Google Ads targeted to those visitors who are actually interested in our offer. The data from conversion tracking allows us to measure the benefit of individual advertising measures and optimize our website for our visitors. Conversion can be measured through the use of cookies.
The information generated is transferred by Google to a server in the U.S. for evaluation and stored there. A transfer of data by Google to third parties only takes place due to legal regulations or in the context of commissioned data processing. Under no circumstances will Google link data of a user with other data collected by Google.
Google reCAPTCHA
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company Google LLC (USA),
Purpose: Protection against Misuse, Spam Prevention
Category: Technically Required
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit Details
Data subjects: User
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies, Local Storage
Legal basis: Legitimate Interest, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
On our website, the Google reCAPTCHA service is used to protect against abuse by non-human visitors (bots) and to prevent spam.
When reCAPTCHA is started, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers. This enables Google to know that our website has been accessed via a user's IP address.
The purpose of reCAPTCHA is to verify whether the data entry on our website is made by a human or by an automated program. For this purpose, reCAPTCHA analyzes the user's behavior based on various characteristics. This analysis begins automatically as soon as the user starts our website. For the analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates various information.
According to our information, the following data is processed by Google:
the address of the page from which the visitor comes
IP address
Information about the operating system
Cookies
Mouse and keyboard behavior
Date and language settings
All Java-Script Objects
Screen resolution
The data collected during the analysis is forwarded to and used by Google. The reCAPTCHA analyses run entirely in the background.
Cookies are used for the processing of the service.  These cookies require a unique identifier for tracking purposes. According to Google, the IP address is not merged with other data from other Google services, unless a user is logged into his Google account while using the reCAPTCHA plug-in. Furthermore, reCAPTCHA also uses the local storage on the user's device to store data.
Google Tag Manager
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Launching Tools and Plugins
Category: Technically Required
Recipients: EU, USA (possible)
Data processed: IP Address
Data subjects: User
Technology: JavaScript Call
Legal basis: legitimate interest, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
The Google Tag Manager service is used on our website.
The Tag Manager is a service that allows us to manage website tags via an interface. This allows us to include code snippets such as tracking codes or conversion pixels on websites without interfering with the source code. In doing so, the data is only forwarded by the Tag Manager, but neither collected nor stored. The Tag Manager itself is a cookie-less domain and does not process any personal data, as it serves purely to manage other services in our online offering.
When the Google Tag Manager is started, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers.  These are mainly located in the U.S. Through this, Google obtains knowledge that our website was called up via the IP address of a user.
The Tag Manager ensures the resolution of other tags, which in turn may collect data. However, the Tag Manager does not access this data. If a deactivation has been made at the domain or cookie level, this remains in place for all tracking tags that are implemented with the Tag Manager.
Hosting
In the process of hosting our website, we store all data related to the operation of our website. This is necessary for enabling operation of our website. Therefore, we process this data on the legal grounds of our legitimate interest in optimising our website. To provide access to our website, we use the services of web hosting providers, to whom we supply the aforementioned data within the context of contractual processing.
Contact
Whenever you contact us, your information is used to process and handle your contact request in the course of fulfilling pre-contractual rights and obligations. To handle and answer your request it is necessary for us to process your data; otherwise we are unable to answer your request or only able to partially answer it. Your information can be stored in a database of customers and leads on the grounds of our legitimate interest in direct marketing.
We delete your request and contact information when your request has been definitively answered and there is no legally required time limit for storing this data prior to deletion (e.g. pursuant to a subsequent contractual relationship). This is usually the case when there is no further contact with you for three years in a row.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
Provider: LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Ireland, Parent: LinkedIn Corporation (USA).
Purpose: Conversion tracking, Web analytics
Category: Marketing
Recipient: EU, USA
Data processed: IP address, website visit details, online-related data
Data subjects: website visitors, LinkedIn users
Technology: JavaScript call, cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt0000000L0UZAA0&status=Active
Website:
https://www.linkedin.com/
Further information:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
https://www.linkedin.com/help/lms/answer/85787
https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/87150/
Our website uses LinkedIn Insight Tag, a web analytics service. Through this service, LinkedIn users on our website are recorded and analyzed. This gives us insights into our target groups. Furthermore, we can use it to measure the attractiveness of our offers and services as well as the success of LinkedIn campaigns.
LinkedIn members also have the option to opt-out of LinkedIn conversion tracking and to block and delete cookies or disable demographic features at
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/advertising/.
In LinkedIn's settings, there is no separate opt-out option for third-party impressions or click tracking for campaigns running on LinkedIn, as all underlying campaigns respect LinkedIn members' settings.
Information about the use of our website collected by the LinkedIn Insight tag is encrypted. LinkedIn anonymizes the data within 7 days. Within 90 days, the data is deleted again. We as site operator do not receive any personal data, only reports on demographic information, information around the respective jobs to our target groups and the success of LinkedIn campaigns.
Meta-Pixel
Provider: Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland, Parent Company: Meta Platforms, Inc (USA).
Purpose: Web Analysis, Tracking (Conversion)
Category: Marketing
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, User Data, Website Visit Details
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active
Website: www.facebook.com
Further information:
https://en-gb.facebook.com/privacy/policy
https://en-gb.facebook.com/business/help/742478679120153
On our website, the service Meta-Pixel of the social network Facebook is used for the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer.
With the help of Meta-Pixel, it is possible for Meta, on the one hand, to determine the visitors to our website as a target group for the display of personalized ads. Accordingly, we use Meta-Pixel to display the ads placed by us only to users who have also shown an interest in our online offering or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interests in certain topics or products determined on the basis of the websites visited) that we transmit to Meta (so-called "Custom Audiences"). With the help of Meta-Pixel, we also want to ensure that our Meta Ads correspond to the potential interest of users and do not have a harassing effect. With the help of Meta-Pixel, we can, on the other hand, track the effectiveness of Meta Ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users were redirected to our website after clicking on a Meta Ad (so-called "conversion").
Your actions are stored in one or more cookies in the process. These cookies allow Meta to match your user data (such as IP address, user ID) with your Facebook account data. The collected data is anonymous and not visible to us and can only be used in the context of advertisements. You can prevent the linking with your Facebook account by logging out before you take any action.
To set which types of ads are displayed to you within Facebook, you can visit the page set up by Meta and follow the instructions there for the settings of usage-based advertising:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
The settings are done in a platform-independent manner, which means that they are applied to all devices, such as desktop computers or mobile devices.
Server Log Files
For technical reasons, particularly to ensure a functioning and secure website, we process the technically necessary data about accesses to our website in so-called server log files which your browser automatically sends to us.
The access data we process includes:
The name of the website you are accessing
The browser type (including version) you use
The operating system you use
The site you visited before  accessing our site (referrer URL)
The time of your server request
The amount of data transferred
The host name of computer (IP address) you are using to access the site
This data cannot be traced back to any natural person and is used solely to perform statistical analyses and to operate and improve our website while also optimising our site and keeping it secure. This data is sent exclusively to our website operator. The data is neither connected nor aggregated with other data sources. In case of suspicion of unlawful use of our website, we reserve the right to examine the data retroactively. This data processing takes place on the legal grounds of our legitimate interest in maintaining a technically fault-free and optimal website.
The access data is deleted within a short period of time after serving its purpose (usually within a few days) unless further storage is required for evidence purposes. In such cases, the data is stored until the incident is definitively resolved.
SSL Encryption
Within your visit to our website, we use the widespread SSL procedure (Secure Socket Layer) in conjunction with the highest level of encryption supported by your browser. You can tell whether an individual page of our website is transmitted in encrypted form by the closed representation of the key or lock symbol in the lower status bar of your browser. We use this encryption procedure on the basis of our justified interest in the use of suitable encryption techniques.
We also make use of suitable technical and organisational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction or against unauthorised access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments and kept state-of-the-art.
TikTok Pixel
On our website, we use the so-called TikTok pixel of the social network TikTok, which is operated by TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland ("TikTok"). The parent company of TikTok is based in China.
ATTENTION: Within the scope of this service, data transfer to China takes place or cannot be ruled out.
With the help of the TikTok pixel, it is possible for TikTok, on the one hand, to determine you as a visitor to our online offer as a target group for the display of advertisements (so-called "TikTok ads"). Accordingly, we use the TikTok pixel to display the TikTok ads placed by us only to those TikTok users who have also shown an interest in our online offer or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interests in certain topics or products determined on the basis of the websites visited) that we transmit to TikTok (so-called "Custom Audiences").
With the help of the TikTok pixel, we also want to ensure that our TikTok ads correspond to the potential interest of users and are not harassing. The TikTok pixel also allows us to track the effectiveness of the TikTok ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users have been redirected to our website after clicking on a TikTok ad (so-called "conversion").
The processing of the data by TikTok takes place within the framework of the data use policy at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en
of TikTok.
Specific information and details about the TikTok Pixel and how it works can be found in the TikTok help section at
https://support.tiktok.com/en
The use of the TikTok pixel as well as the storage of "conversion cookies" is based on your consent according to Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke this consent at any time.
For the processing of data for which TikTok acts as a data processor, we have concluded a data processing agreement with TikTok in which we oblige TikTok to protect our customers' data and not to pass it on to third parties.
Contact details
Fronius International GmbH
Fronius Strasse 5
4642Sattledt
Austria
dataprotection@fronius.com
Data Protection Authority
Österreichische Datenschutzbehörde
Barichgasse 40-42, 1030 Wien, Österreich
Phone: +43 1 52 152-0, dsb@dsb.gv.at
Sattledt,
20. March 2024
III. Special data protection information
Information on individual data processing within the scope of our offer can be found
hier
.
IV. Individual information for this website
Detailed information on the individual cookies on our website can be found in our
Cookie Policy
. There you can also change your cookie settings as well as subsequently reject cookies that are not necessary.
Modules with special information
In the following, we provide you with extensive information about the services and technologies we use, in addition to our
Cookie Policy
.
Google Analytics
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA).
Purpose: Web Analytics, Performance Measurement, Conversion Tracking, Collection of Statistical Data
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit details, User Data.
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
On our website, we use the functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics to analyze user behavior and to optimize our website. The reports provided by Google are used to analyze the performance of our website and to measure the success of possible campaigns via our website.
Google Analytics uses cookies that enable an analysis of the use of our website.
Information about the use of the website such as browser type/version, operating system used, the previously visited page, host name of the accessing computer (IP address), time of server request are usually transmitted to a Google server and stored there. We have concluded a contract with Google for this purpose.
On our behalf, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. According to Google, the IP address transmitted by your browser is not merged with other data from Google.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization activated by default. This means that the IP address of a user is shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. According to Google, the IP address transmitted by a user's browser within the scope of Google Analytics is not linked to other Google data.
During the website visit, the user behaviour is recorded in the form of so-called events. These can represent the following:
Page views, the click path of a user.
first visit to our website
visited websites
start of a session
interaction with our website
user behavior (for example, clicks, scrolls, dwell time, bounce rates)
file downloads
ads seen / clicked
interaction with videos
internal search queries
furthermore, the following is recorded:
approximate location (region)
date and time of visit
IP address (in shortened form)
technical information about the browser or the end devices used (e.g. language setting, screen resolution)
Internet service provider
Referrer URL (via which website/advertising medium a user came to our website).
The processing of this data is essentially done by Google for its own purposes such as profiling (without our ability to influence).
The data about the use of our website is deleted immediately after the end of the retention period set by us in each case. Google Analytics gives us a default of 2 months for the retention period of user and event data, with a maximum retention period of 14 months. This retention period also applies to conversion data. For all other event data, the following options are available: 2 months, 14 months, 26 months (Google Analytics 360 only), 38 months (Google Analytics 360 only), 50 months (Google Analytics 360 only). We will choose the shortest storage period that corresponds to our intended use. You can ask us at any time for the retention period currently set by us.
The deletion of data whose retention period has been reached takes place automatically once a month.
Google Fonts
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company Google LLC (USA),
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Purpose: Integration of fonts
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA (possible)
Data processed: IP address, language settings, screen resolution, version and name of browser.
Data subjects: website visitors
Technology: JavaScript call
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework
Website: www.google.com
Further information:
https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
To display fonts consistently, our website uses Web Fonts which are provided by Google.
To display web fonts, the web browser you use must connect with a Google server. This informs Google that our website is being accessed via your IP address. The IP address from the browser of the device you are using to access our site is also stored by Google. If your browser does not support Web Fonts, your device will display the site using a standard font type. With each Google Font request, your IP address is automatically transferred to a Google server along with information such as your language preferences, display resolution, version and name of your browser. The usage data collected by Google enables them to determine the popularity of specific font types. Google publishes these findings on internal analytics sites (e.g. Google Analytics).
Google Fonts enables us to use fonts on our own website without uploading them to our server. Google Fonts is an important building block for maintaining the high quality of our website. All Google fonts are automatically optimized for the web. This reduces the data volume and is particularly advantageous for use on mobile devices. When you visit our site, the low file size allows for quicker loading times. Furthermore, Google Fonts are secure Web Fonts that support all major browsers.
Google stores requests for CSS assets for one day on its servers. This enables us to use the fonts with the support of a Google style sheet. The font files are stored by Google for one year. To delete data prematurely, you must contact Google Support (
https://support.google.com
).
Google Maps
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Integration of Map Services
Category: Statistics
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit Details, User Data
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
On our website, the service Google Maps is integrated in order to better display geographical information about locations for users.
Google Maps is an online map service with which geographic information can be made more legible via a terminal device. Among other things, directions are displayed or map sections of a location can be integrated into a website.
When Google Maps is called up, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers. This enables Google to know that our website has been accessed via the user's IP address. The use of Google Maps enables Google to collect and process data about the use of the service.
For the provision of this service, Google Maps processes, among other things, entered search terms as well as latitude and longitude coordinates on the basis of the IP address. If the route planner function of Google Maps is used, the entered starting address is also stored. This data processing is carried out exclusively by Google and is not within our sphere of influence.
We would like to point out that a cookie called "NID" is set by Google when running this service. Google Maps does not currently offer us the option to run this service in a mode without this cookie. The NID cookie contains information about your user behavior, which Google uses to optimize its own services and to provide individual, personalized advertising for you.
Google anonymizes data in server logs by deleting a portion of the IP address and cookie information after 9 and 18 months, respectively.
Location and activity data is stored for either 3 or 18 months and then deleted. Users can also manually clear history at any time via a Google account. To completely prevent location tracking, a user must turn off the "Web and App Activity" section in their Google account.
Google Marketing Platform / Google Ad Manager
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Personalized Advertising, Conversion Tracking, Remarketing, Campaign Performance Measurement
Category: Marketing
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit details, User data
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/de/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/
On this website, the Google Ads service is used for the purpose of advertising our products and services.  Google Ads is Google's in-house online advertising system.
It is important for us to know whether an interested visitor ultimately becomes our customer. To be able to measure this, there is the so-called conversion tracking. Furthermore, we would like to be able to address visitors to our website again and in a targeted manner. We achieve this through so-called remarketing (retargeting).
Google Ads serves both conversion tracking and remarketing, i.e. we can see what happened after you clicked on one of our ads. In order for this service to work, cookies are used and visitors are sometimes included in remarketing lists in order to be served only with certain advertising campaigns.
This is done by means of a pseudonymous identification number (pID), which the browser of a user receives and is assigned to him. This pID enables the service to recognize which ads have already been displayed to a user and which have been called up. The data is used to serve ads across websites by enabling Google to identify the pages visited by the user.
Our goal is that the offer of our website through the use of Google Ads targeted to those visitors who are actually interested in our offer. The data from conversion tracking allows us to measure the benefit of individual advertising measures and optimize our website for our visitors. Conversion can be measured through the use of cookies.
The information generated is transferred by Google to a server in the U.S. for evaluation and stored there. A transfer of data by Google to third parties only takes place due to legal regulations or in the context of commissioned data processing. Under no circumstances will Google link data of a user with other data collected by Google.
Google reCAPTCHA
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company Google LLC (USA),
Purpose: Protection against Misuse, Spam Prevention
Category: Technically Required
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, Website Visit Details
Data subjects: User
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies, Local Storage
Legal basis: Legitimate Interest, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
On our website, the Google reCAPTCHA service is used to protect against abuse by non-human visitors (bots) and to prevent spam.
When reCAPTCHA is started, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers. This enables Google to know that our website has been accessed via a user's IP address.
The purpose of reCAPTCHA is to verify whether the data entry on our website is made by a human or by an automated program. For this purpose, reCAPTCHA analyzes the user's behavior based on various characteristics. This analysis begins automatically as soon as the user starts our website. For the analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates various information.
According to our information, the following data is processed by Google:
the address of the page from which the visitor comes
IP address
Information about the operating system
Cookies
Mouse and keyboard behavior
Date and language settings
All Java-Script Objects
Screen resolution
The data collected during the analysis is forwarded to and used by Google. The reCAPTCHA analyses run entirely in the background.
Cookies are used for the processing of the service.  These cookies require a unique identifier for tracking purposes. According to Google, the IP address is not merged with other data from other Google services, unless a user is logged into his Google account while using the reCAPTCHA plug-in. Furthermore, reCAPTCHA also uses the local storage on the user's device to store data.
Google Tag Manager
Provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Parent company: Google LLC (USA)
Purpose: Launching Tools and Plugins
Category: Technically Required
Recipients: EU, USA (possible)
Data processed: IP Address
Data subjects: User
Technology: JavaScript Call
Legal basis: legitimate interest, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Website:
https://www.google.com
Further information:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://safety.google/intl/en/principles/
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
Here you can find out where exactly Google data centers are located:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
The Google Tag Manager service is used on our website.
The Tag Manager is a service that allows us to manage website tags via an interface. This allows us to include code snippets such as tracking codes or conversion pixels on websites without interfering with the source code. In doing so, the data is only forwarded by the Tag Manager, but neither collected nor stored. The Tag Manager itself is a cookie-less domain and does not process any personal data, as it serves purely to manage other services in our online offering.
When the Google Tag Manager is started, the browser establishes a connection to Google's servers.  These are mainly located in the U.S. Through this, Google obtains knowledge that our website was called up via the IP address of a user.
The Tag Manager ensures the resolution of other tags, which in turn may collect data. However, the Tag Manager does not access this data. If a deactivation has been made at the domain or cookie level, this remains in place for all tracking tags that are implemented with the Tag Manager.
Hosting
In the process of hosting our website, we store all data related to the operation of our website. This is necessary for enabling operation of our website. Therefore, we process this data on the legal grounds of our legitimate interest in optimising our website. To provide access to our website, we use the services of web hosting providers, to whom we supply the aforementioned data within the context of contractual processing.
Contact
Whenever you contact us, your information is used to process and handle your contact request in the course of fulfilling pre-contractual rights and obligations. To handle and answer your request it is necessary for us to process your data; otherwise we are unable to answer your request or only able to partially answer it. Your information can be stored in a database of customers and leads on the grounds of our legitimate interest in direct marketing.
We delete your request and contact information when your request has been definitively answered and there is no legally required time limit for storing this data prior to deletion (e.g. pursuant to a subsequent contractual relationship). This is usually the case when there is no further contact with you for three years in a row.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
Provider: LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Ireland, Parent: LinkedIn Corporation (USA).
Purpose: Conversion tracking, Web analytics
Category: Marketing
Recipient: EU, USA
Data processed: IP address, website visit details, online-related data
Data subjects: website visitors, LinkedIn users
Technology: JavaScript call, cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt0000000L0UZAA0&status=Active
Website:
https://www.linkedin.com/
Further information:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
https://www.linkedin.com/help/lms/answer/85787
https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/87150/
Our website uses LinkedIn Insight Tag, a web analytics service. Through this service, LinkedIn users on our website are recorded and analyzed. This gives us insights into our target groups. Furthermore, we can use it to measure the attractiveness of our offers and services as well as the success of LinkedIn campaigns.
LinkedIn members also have the option to opt-out of LinkedIn conversion tracking and to block and delete cookies or disable demographic features at
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/advertising/.
In LinkedIn's settings, there is no separate opt-out option for third-party impressions or click tracking for campaigns running on LinkedIn, as all underlying campaigns respect LinkedIn members' settings.
Information about the use of our website collected by the LinkedIn Insight tag is encrypted. LinkedIn anonymizes the data within 7 days. Within 90 days, the data is deleted again. We as site operator do not receive any personal data, only reports on demographic information, information around the respective jobs to our target groups and the success of LinkedIn campaigns.
Meta-Pixel
Provider: Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland, Parent Company: Meta Platforms, Inc (USA).
Purpose: Web Analysis, Tracking (Conversion)
Category: Marketing
Recipients: EU, USA
Data processed: IP Address, User Data, Website Visit Details
Data subjects: Users
Technology: JavaScript Call, Cookies
Legal basis: Consent, Data Privacy Framework,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active
Website: www.facebook.com
Further information:
https://en-gb.facebook.com/privacy/policy
https://en-gb.facebook.com/business/help/742478679120153
On our website, the service Meta-Pixel of the social network Facebook is used for the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer.
With the help of Meta-Pixel, it is possible for Meta, on the one hand, to determine the visitors to our website as a target group for the display of personalized ads. Accordingly, we use Meta-Pixel to display the ads placed by us only to users who have also shown an interest in our online offering or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interests in certain topics or products determined on the basis of the websites visited) that we transmit to Meta (so-called "Custom Audiences"). With the help of Meta-Pixel, we also want to ensure that our Meta Ads correspond to the potential interest of users and do not have a harassing effect. With the help of Meta-Pixel, we can, on the other hand, track the effectiveness of Meta Ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users were redirected to our website after clicking on a Meta Ad (so-called "conversion").
Your actions are stored in one or more cookies in the process. These cookies allow Meta to match your user data (such as IP address, user ID) with your Facebook account data. The collected data is anonymous and not visible to us and can only be used in the context of advertisements. You can prevent the linking with your Facebook account by logging out before you take any action.
To set which types of ads are displayed to you within Facebook, you can visit the page set up by Meta and follow the instructions there for the settings of usage-based advertising:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
The settings are done in a platform-independent manner, which means that they are applied to all devices, such as desktop computers or mobile devices.
Server Log Files
For technical reasons, particularly to ensure a functioning and secure website, we process the technically necessary data about accesses to our website in so-called server log files which your browser automatically sends to us.
The access data we process includes:
The name of the website you are accessing
The browser type (including version) you use
The operating system you use
The site you visited before  accessing our site (referrer URL)
The time of your server request
The amount of data transferred
The host name of computer (IP address) you are using to access the site
This data cannot be traced back to any natural person and is used solely to perform statistical analyses and to operate and improve our website while also optimising our site and keeping it secure. This data is sent exclusively to our website operator. The data is neither connected nor aggregated with other data sources. In case of suspicion of unlawful use of our website, we reserve the right to examine the data retroactively. This data processing takes place on the legal grounds of our legitimate interest in maintaining a technically fault-free and optimal website.
The access data is deleted within a short period of time after serving its purpose (usually within a few days) unless further storage is required for evidence purposes. In such cases, the data is stored until the incident is definitively resolved.
SSL Encryption
Within your visit to our website, we use the widespread SSL procedure (Secure Socket Layer) in conjunction with the highest level of encryption supported by your browser. You can tell whether an individual page of our website is transmitted in encrypted form by the closed representation of the key or lock symbol in the lower status bar of your browser. We use this encryption procedure on the basis of our justified interest in the use of suitable encryption techniques.
We also make use of suitable technical and organisational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction or against unauthorised access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments and kept state-of-the-art.
TikTok Pixel
On our website, we use the so-called TikTok pixel of the social network TikTok, which is operated by TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland ("TikTok"). The parent company of TikTok is based in China.
ATTENTION: Within the scope of this service, data transfer to China takes place or cannot be ruled out.
With the help of the TikTok pixel, it is possible for TikTok, on the one hand, to determine you as a visitor to our online offer as a target group for the display of advertisements (so-called "TikTok ads"). Accordingly, we use the TikTok pixel to display the TikTok ads placed by us only to those TikTok users who have also shown an interest in our online offer or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interests in certain topics or products determined on the basis of the websites visited) that we transmit to TikTok (so-called "Custom Audiences").
With the help of the TikTok pixel, we also want to ensure that our TikTok ads correspond to the potential interest of users and are not harassing. The TikTok pixel also allows us to track the effectiveness of the TikTok ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users have been redirected to our website after clicking on a TikTok ad (so-called "conversion").
The processing of the data by TikTok takes place within the framework of the data use policy at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en
of TikTok.
Specific information and details about the TikTok Pixel and how it works can be found in the TikTok help section at
https://support.tiktok.com/en
The use of the TikTok pixel as well as the storage of "conversion cookies" is based on your consent according to Art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke this consent at any time.
For the processing of data for which TikTok acts as a data processor, we have concluded a data processing agreement with TikTok in which we oblige TikTok to protect our customers' data and not to pass it on to third parties.
Contact details
Fronius International GmbH
Fronius Strasse 5
4642Sattledt
Austria
dataprotection@fronius.com
Data Protection Authority
Österreichische Datenschutzbehörde
Barichgasse 40-42, 1030 Wien, Österreich
Phone: +43 1 52 152-0, dsb@dsb.gv.at
Sattledt,
20. March 2024
Special data protection information
Here you will find, in addition to our privacy policy, special privacy information on our offers and services such as software, online services, apps and others
More info
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacy.microsoft.com/privacystatement:
This is the Trace Id: fe37e60c42a2f42882e6b940bc3c1013
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Last Updated: March 2025
What's new?
Print
Expand All
Collapse All
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Personal data we collect
How we use personal data
Reasons we share personal data
How to access and control your personal data
Cookies and similar technologies
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
Microsoft account
Collection of data from children
Other important privacy information
Security of personal data
Where we store and process personal data
Our retention of personal data
U.S. State Data Privacy
Advertising
Speech recognition technologies
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Changes to this privacy statement
How to contact us
Product-specific details:
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise online services
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Productivity and communications products
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft Family
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Teams
OneDrive
Outlook
Skype
Surface
Surface Duo
LinkedIn
Search and browse
Bing
Microsoft Edge
Microsoft Translator
SwiftKey
Windows
Activation
Activity history
Advertising ID
Diagnostics
Personalized offers
Feedback Hub
Get Help
Live captions
Location services and recording
Narrator
Phone Link - Link to Windows
Cross-device experiences
Security and safety features
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Sync and backup settings
Update Services
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
Windows AI Features
Windows apps
Windows Hello
Windows Search
Entertainment and related services
Xbox
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Start
Silverlight
Windows Mixed Reality
Cookies
Most Microsoft sites use cookies, small text files placed on your device which web servers utilize in the domain that placed the cookie can retrieve later. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings, help with sign-in, provide personalized ads, and analyze site operations. For more information, see the
Cookies and similar technologies
section of this privacy statement.
EU-U.S., UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
Microsoft complies with the EU-U.S., UK Extension to the EU-U.S., and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks. To learn more, see the
Where we store and process personal data
section, and
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
.
Contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or EU Data Protection Officer, please contact us by using our
web form
. For more information about contacting Microsoft, including Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, see the
How to contact us
section of this privacy statement.
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains the personal data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes it, and for what purposes.
Microsoft offers a wide range of products, including server products used to help operate enterprises worldwide, devices you use in your home, software that students use at school, and services developers use to create and host what’s next. References to Microsoft products in this statement include Microsoft services, websites, apps, software, servers, and devices.
Please read the product-specific details in this privacy statement, which provide additional relevant information. This statement applies to the interactions Microsoft has with you and the Microsoft products listed below, as well as other Microsoft products that display this statement.
Young people may prefer starting with the
Privacy for young people
page. That page highlights information that may be helpful for young people.
For individuals in the United States, please refer to our
U.S. State Data Privacy Notice
and the
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the processing of your personal data, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Personal data we collect
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products. You provide some of this data directly, and we get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experiences with our products. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make, including your privacy settings and the products and features you use. We also obtain data about you from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When we ask you to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data -required to provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you are using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use such data will not work for you.
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products for a variety of purposes described below, including to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences with our products. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you create a Microsoft account, administer your organization’s licensing account, submit a search query to Bing, register for a Microsoft event, upload a document to OneDrive, sign up for Microsoft 365, or contact us for support. We get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experience with our products and communications. In addition, we receive data from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
We rely on a variety of legal reasons and permissions (sometimes called “legal bases”) to process data, including with your consent, a balancing of legitimate interests, necessity to enter into and perform contracts, and compliance with legal obligations, for a variety of purposes described below.
We also obtain data from third parties. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These third-party sources vary over time and include:
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect.
Services that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Communication services, including email providers and social networks, when you give us permission to access your data on such third-party services or networks.
Service providers that help us determine your device’s location.
Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities.
Developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products.
Third parties that deliver experiences through Microsoft products.
Publicly-available sources, such as open public sector, academic, and commercial data sets and other data sources.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When you are asked to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to operate and provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data required to operate and provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you’re using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use the data will not work for you.
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make (including your privacy settings), the products and features you use, your location, and applicable law
.
The data we collect can include the following:
Name and contact data
. Your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials
. Passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Demographic data
. Data about you such as your age, gender, country, and preferred language.
Payment data
. Data to process payments, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number) and the security code associated with your payment instrument.
Subscription and licensing data
. Information about your subscriptions, licenses, and other entitlements.
Interactions
. Data about your use of Microsoft products. In some cases, such as search queries, this is data you provide in order to make use of the products. In other cases, such as error reports, this is data we generate. Other examples of interactions data include:
Device and usage data
. Data about your device and the product and features you use, including information about your hardware and software, how our products perform, as well as your settings. For example:
Payment and account history
. Data about the items you purchase and activities associated with your account.
Browse history
. Data about the webpages you visit.
Device, connectivity, and configuration data
. Data about your device, your device configuration, and nearby networks. For example, data about the operating systems and other software installed on your device, including product keys. In addition, IP address, device identifiers (such as the IMEI number for phones), regional and language settings, and information about WLAN access points near your device.
Error reports and performance data
. Data about the performance of the products and any problems you experience, including error reports. Error reports (sometimes called “crash dumps”) can include details of the software or hardware related to an error, contents of files opened when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device.
Troubleshooting and help data
. Data you provide when you contact Microsoft for help, such as the products you use, and other details that help us provide support. For example, contact or authentication data, the content of your chats and other communications with Microsoft, data about the condition of your device, and the products you use related to your help inquiry. When you contact us, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
Bot usage data
. Interactions with bots and skills available through Microsoft products, including bots and skills provided by third parties.
Interests and favorites
. Data about your interests and favorites, such as the sports teams you follow, the programming languages you prefer, the stocks you track, or cities you add to track things like weather or traffic. In addition to those you explicitly provide, your interests and favorites can also be inferred or derived from other data we collect, such as your interactions on websites where our technology is used to show or measure ads.
Content consumption data
. Information about media content (e.g., TV, video, music, audio, text books, apps, and games) you access through our products.
Searches and commands
. Search queries and commands when you use Microsoft products with search or related productivity functionality, such as interactions with a chat bot.
Voice data
. Your voice data, sometimes referred to as “voice clips”, such as search queries, commands, or dictation you speak, which may include background sounds.
Text, inking, and typing data
. Text, inking, and typing data and related information. For example, when we collect inking data, we collect information about the placement of your inking instrument on your device.
Images
. Images and related information, such as picture metadata. For example, we collect the image you provide when you use a Bing image-enabled service.
Contacts and relationships
. Data about your contacts and relationships if you use a product to share information with others, manage contacts, communicate with others, or improve your productivity.
Social data
. Information about your relationships and interactions between you, other people, and organizations, such as types of engagement (e.g., likes, dislikes, events, etc.) related to people and organizations.
Location data
. Data about your device’s location, which can be either precise or imprecise. For example, we collect location data using Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) (e.g., GPS) and data about nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots. Location can also be inferred from a device’s IP address or data in your account profile that indicates where it is located with less precision, such as at a city or postal code level.
Other input
. Other inputs provided when you use our products. For example, data such as the buttons you press on an Xbox wireless controller using the Xbox network, skeletal tracking data when you use Kinect, and other sensor data, like the number of steps you take, when you use devices that have applicable sensors. If you attend an in-store event, we collect the data you provide to us when registering for or during the event and if you enter into a prize promotion, we collect the data you input into the entry form.
Content
. Content of your files and communications you input, upload, receive, create, and control. For example, if you transmit a file using Skype to another Skype user, we need to collect the content of that file to display it to you and the other user. If you receive an email using Outlook.com, we need to collect the content of that email to deliver it to your inbox, display it to you, enable you to reply to it, and store it for you until you choose to delete it. Other content we collect when providing products to you include:
Communications, including audio, video, text (typed, inked, dictated, or otherwise), in a message, email, call, meeting request, or chat.
Photos, images, songs, movies, software, and other media or documents you store, retrieve, or otherwise process with our cloud.
Video or recordings
. Recordings of events and activities at Microsoft buildings, retail spaces, and other locations. If you enter Microsoft Store locations or other facilities, or attend a Microsoft event that is recorded, we may process your image and voice data.
Feedback and ratings
. Information you provide to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback, survey data, and product reviews you write.
Traffic data
. Data generated through your use of Microsoft’s communications services. Traffic data indicates with whom you have communicated and when your communications occurred. We will process your traffic data only as required to provide, maintain, and improve our communications services and we do so with your consent.
Product-specific sections below describe data collection practices applicable to use of those products.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How we use personal data
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you with rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you with relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
In carrying out these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products) or obtain from third parties to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience, to make informed business decisions, and for other legitimate purposes.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
For these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products). For example, Microsoft Store uses information about the apps and services you use to make personalized app recommendations. However, we have built in technological and procedural safeguards designed to prevent certain data combinations where required by law. For example, where required by law, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address, or phone number.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Purposes and legal bases for processing
When we process personal data about you, we do so with your consent and/or as required to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security and safety of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests of Microsoft or third parties as described in this section and in the
Reasons we share personal data
section of this privacy statement. Our bases for processing your personal data may vary depending on how and across what products and services we process your data.
When we process personal data based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests, we consider and balance those interests against your rights and freedoms, and we will only process your personal data where the legitimate interests we have in processing are not outweighed by your interests.
When we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, we do so based on a variety of legal mechanisms, as described in the
Where we store and process personal data
section of this privacy statement.
More on the purposes of processing:
Provide our products
. We use data to operate our products and provide you with rich, interactive experiences. For example, if you use OneDrive, we process the documents you upload to OneDrive to enable you to retrieve, delete, edit, forward, or otherwise process it, at your direction as part of the service. Or, for example, if you enter a search query in the Bing search engine, we use that query to display search results to you. Additionally, as communications are a feature of various products, programs, and activities, we use data to contact you. For example, we may contact you by phone or email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending or discuss your licensing account. We also communicate with you to secure our products, for example by letting you know when product updates are available.
Product improvement
. We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities. For example, we use error reports to improve security features, search queries and clicks in Bing to improve the relevancy of the search results, usage data to determine what new features to prioritize, and voice data to develop and improve speech recognition accuracy.
Personalization
. Many products include personalized features, such as recommendations that enhance your productivity and enjoyment. These features use automated processes to tailor your product experiences based on the data we have about you, such as inferences we make about you and your use of the product, activities, interests, and location. For example, depending on your settings, if you stream movies in a browser on your Windows device, you may see a recommendation for an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. If you have a Microsoft account, with your permission, we can sync your settings on several devices. Many of our products provide controls to disable personalized features.
Product activation
. We use data—such as device and application type, location, and unique device, application, network, and subscription identifiers—to activate products that require activation.
Product development
. We use data to develop new products. For example, we use data, often de-identified, to better understand our customers’ computing and productivity needs, and to train and fine-tune AI models, which can shape the development of new products.
Customer support
. We use data to troubleshoot and diagnose product problems, repair customers’ devices, and provide other customer care and support services, including to help us provide, improve, and secure the quality of our products, services, and training, and to investigate security incidents. Call recording data may also be used to authenticate or identify you based on your voice to enable Microsoft to provide support services and investigate security incidents.
Help secure and troubleshoot
. We use data to help secure and troubleshoot our products. This includes using data to protect the security and safety of our products and customers, detecting malware and malicious activities, troubleshooting performance and compatibility issues to help customers get the most out of their experiences, and notifying customers of updates to our products. This may include using automated systems to detect security and safety issues.
Safety
. We use data to protect the safety of our products and our customers. Our security features and products can disrupt the operation of malicious software and notify users if malicious software is found on their devices. For example, some of our products, such as Outlook.com or OneDrive, systematically scan content in an automated manner to identify suspected spam, viruses, abusive actions, or URLs that have been flagged as fraud, phishing, or malware links; and we reserve the right to block delivery of a communication or remove content if it violates our terms.
In accordance with European Union Regulation (EU) 2021/1232, we have invoked the derogation permitted by that Regulation from Articles 5(1) and 6(1) of EU Directive 2002/58/EC. We use scanning technologies to create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) of certain images and video content on our systems. These technologies then compare the hashes they generate with hashes of reported child sexual exploitation and abuse imagery (known as a “hash set”), in a process called “hash matching”. Microsoft obtains hash sets from organizations that act in the public interest against child sex abuse. This can result in sharing information with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) and law enforcement authorities.
Updates
. We use data we collect to develop product updates and security patches. For example, we may use information about your device’s capabilities, such as available memory, to provide you a software update or security patch. Updates and patches are intended to maximize your experience with our products, help you protect the privacy and security of your data, provide new features, and evaluate whether your device is ready to process such updates.
Promotional communications
. We use data we collect to deliver promotional communications. You can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. For information about managing your contact data, email subscriptions, and promotional communications, see the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Relevant offers
. Microsoft uses data to provide you with relevant and valuable information regarding our products. We analyze data from a variety of sources to predict the information that will be most interesting and relevant to you and deliver such information to you in a variety of ways. For example, we may predict your interest in gaming and communicate with you about new games you may like.
Advertising
. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls, or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use data we collect through our interactions with you, through some of our first-party products, services, apps, and web properties (Microsoft properties), and on third-party web properties, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. We may use automated processes to help make advertising more relevant to you. For more information about how your data is used for advertising, see the
Advertising
section of this privacy statement.
Prize promotions and events
. We use your data to administer prize promotions and events available in our physical Microsoft Stores. For example, if you enter into a prize promotion, we may use your data to select a winner and provide the prize to you if you win. Or, if you register for a coding workshop or gaming event, we will add your name to the list of expected attendees.
Transacting commerce
. We use data to carry out your transactions with us. For example, we process payment information to provide customers with product subscriptions and use contact information to deliver goods purchased from the Microsoft Store.
Reporting and business operations
. We use data to analyze our operations and perform business intelligence. This enables us to make informed decisions and report on the performance of our business.
Protecting rights and property
. We use data to detect and prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and protect our property. For example, we use data to confirm the validity of software licenses to reduce piracy. We may use automated processes to detect and prevent activities that violate our rights and the rights of others, such as fraud.
Legal compliance
. We process data to comply with applicable laws. For example, we use the age of our customers to assist us in meeting our obligations to protect children’s privacy. We also process contact information and credentials to help customers exercise their data protection rights.
Research.
With appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard individuals’ rights and freedoms, we use data to conduct research, including advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities for the benefit of the public interest and scientific purposes.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Reasons we share personal data
We share your personal data with your consent or to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. We also share data with Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries; with vendors working on our behalf; when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to protect lives; to maintain the security of our products; and to protect the rights and property of Microsoft and its customers.
Please note that, as defined under certain U.S. state data privacy laws, “sharing” also relates to providing personal data to third parties for personalized advertising purposes. Please see the
U.S. State Data Privacy
section below and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information.
We share your personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. For example, we share your content with third parties when you tell us to do so, such as when you send an email to a friend, share photos and documents on OneDrive, or link accounts with another service. If you use a Microsoft product provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as an employer or school, or use an email address provided by such organization to access Microsoft products, we share certain data, such as interaction data and diagnostic data to enable your organization to manage the products. When you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. Additionally, when you save a payment method (such as a card) to your account that you and other Microsoft account holders use to make purchases from Microsoft or its affiliates, your purchase receipts may be shared with anyone else who uses and has access to the same payment method to make a purchase from Microsoft, including the payment method’s named accountholder. When you permit push notifications for Microsoft products or applications on a non-Windows device, the operating system of that device will process some personal data to provide push notifications. Accordingly, Microsoft may send data to an external, third-party notification provider to deliver push notifications. Your device’s push notification services are governed by their own service-specific terms and privacy statements.
We also share personal data for digital advertising purposes. When you visit a website or use an app that wants to show you ads, the digital property may allow Microsoft to access or receive device data or certain other data identified in the Personal data we collect section above. We may then share this information with third party advertising platforms and advertisers to facilitate the delivery and measurement of ads on such digital properties.  Please see the Advertising and U.S. State Data Privacy sections below for more information about how your data is used for advertising.
In addition, we share personal data among Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we've hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
Finally, we will retain, access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content (such as the content of your emails in Outlook.com, or files in private folders on OneDrive), when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to do any of the following:
Comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies.
Protect the safety of our customers, organizations, and the public — for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud or otherwise cause harm, or to detect, prevent, and combat harmful or illegal behavior including the creation and sharing of harmful or illegal content.
Operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
Protect the rights or property of Microsoft, including enforcing the terms governing the use of the services—however, if we receive information indicating that someone is using our services to traffic in stolen intellectual or physical property of Microsoft, we will not inspect a customer's private content ourselves, but we may refer the matter to law enforcement.
For more information about data we disclose in response to requests from law enforcement and other government agencies, please see our
Law Enforcement Requests Report
.
Please note that some of our products include links to or otherwise enable you to access products of third parties whose privacy practices differ from those of Microsoft. If you provide personal data to any of those products, your data is governed by their privacy policies.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How to access and control your personal data
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained with tools Microsoft provides to you, which are described below, or by contacting Microsoft. For instance:
If Microsoft obtained your consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
You can request access to, erasure of, and updates to your personal data.
If you’d like to port your data elsewhere, you can use tools Microsoft provides to do so, or if none are available, you can contact Microsoft for assistance.
You can also object to or restrict the use of your personal data by Microsoft. For example, you can object at any time to our use of your personal data:
For direct marketing purposes.
Where we are performing a task in the public interest or pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party.
You may have these rights under applicable laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), but we offer them regardless of your location. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law.
If your organization, such as your employer, school, or service provider, provides you with access to and is administering your use of Microsoft products, contact your organization to learn more about how to access and control your personal data.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, using various tools we provide. The tools most useful to you will depend on our interactions with you and your use of our products. Here is a general list of tools we provide to help you control your personal data; specific products may provide additional controls.
Bing.
If you are signed into Bing, you can view and clear your stored search and chat history on your
privacy dashboard
. If you are not signed into Bing, you can view and clear stored search history associated to your device in your
Bing settings
.
Microsoft account.
If you wish to access, edit, or remove the profile information and payment information in your Microsoft account, change your password, add security information or close your account, you can do so by visiting the
Microsoft account website
.
If you have a
Microsoft Developer Network
(MSDN) public profile, you can access and edit your data by signing in at
MSDN forum
.
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. You can control some of the data Microsoft processes through your use of a Microsoft account on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. From here, for example, you can view and clear the browsing, search, and location data associated with your Microsoft account.
Microsoft Store.
You can access your Microsoft Store profile and account information by visiting
Microsoft Store
and selecting
View account
or
Order history.
Microsoft Teams for personal use.
You can find out how to export or delete Teams data relating to your personal Microsoft account by visiting this
page
.
OneDrive.
You can view, download, and delete your files and photos in OneDrive by signing into your
OneDrive
.
Outlook.com.
You can download your emails in
Outlook.com
by signing into your account and navigating to your
Privacy and data
settings.
Skype
. If you wish to access, edit, or remove some profile and payment information for Skype or change your password,
sign in to your account
. If you wish to export your Skype chat history and files shared on Skype, you can
request a copy
.
Volume Licensing Service Center (VLSC).
If you are a Volume Licensing customer, you can control your contact information and subscription and licensing data in one location by visiting the
Volume Licensing Service Center website
.
Xbox
. If you use the Xbox network or Xbox.com, you can view or edit your personal data, including billing and account information, privacy settings, and online safety and data sharing preferences by accessing
My Xbox
on the Xbox console or on the Xbox.com website.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
. We will respond to requests to control your personal data as required by applicable law.
Your communications preferences
You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. If you receive promotional email or SMS messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message. You can also make choices about the receipt of promotional email, telephone calls, and postal mail by signing in with your personal Microsoft account, and viewing your
communication permissions
where you can update contact information, manage Microsoft-wide contact preferences, opt out of email subscriptions, and choose whether to share your contact information with Microsoft partners. If you do not have a personal Microsoft account, you can manage your Microsoft email contact preferences by using this
web form
. These choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain Microsoft products, programs, activities, or to surveys or other informational communications that have their own unsubscribe method.
Your advertising choices
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, visit our
opt-out page
. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
You can also link your opt-out choice with your personal Microsoft account. It will then apply on any device where you use that account and will continue to apply until someone signs in with a different personal Microsoft account on that device. If you delete the cookies on your device, you will need to sign in again for the settings to apply. You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
For Microsoft-controlled advertising that appears in apps on Windows, you may use the opt-out linked to your personal Microsoft account, or opt out of interest-based advertising by turning off the advertising ID in Windows settings.
Because the data used for interest-based advertising is also used for other required purposes (including providing our products, analytics, and fraud detection), opting out of interest-based advertising does not stop that data collection. You will continue to get ads, although they may be less relevant to you.
You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from third parties we partner with by visiting their sites (see above).
Browser-based controls
When you use a browser, you can control your personal data using certain features. For example:
Cookie controls
. You can control the data stored by cookies and withdraw consent to cookies by using the browser-based cookie controls described in the
Cookies
section of this privacy statement.
Tracking protections
. You can control the data third-party sites can collect about you using Tracking Protection in Internet Explorer (versions 9 and up) and Microsoft Edge. This feature will block third-party content, including cookies, from any site that is listed in a Tracking Protection List you add.
Browser controls for "Do Not Track."
Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Microsoft services do not currently respond to browser DNT signals. We continue to work with the online industry to define a common understanding of how to treat DNT signals. In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described above.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. We use cookies and similar technologies for storing and honoring your preferences and settings, enabling you to sign in, providing interest-based advertising, combating fraud, analyzing how our products perform, and fulfilling other legitimate purposes. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows described in the
Advertising ID
section of this privacy statement, for similar purposes.
We also use “web beacons” to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data. Our websites may include web beacons, cookies, or similar technologies from Microsoft affiliates and partners as well as third parties, such as service providers acting on our behalf.
Third party cookies may include: Social Media cookies designed to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activities on our websites; Analytics cookies to better understand how you and others use our websites so that we can make them better, and so the third parties can improve their own products and services; Advertising cookies to show you ads that are relevant to you; and Required cookies used to perform essential website functions. Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
Please see the Learn more section below for information about our use of third party cookies, web beacons and analytics services, and other similar technologies on our websites and services. For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie
inventory. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
You have a variety of tools to control the data collected by cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. For example, you can use controls in your internet browser to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies and to withdraw your consent by clearing or blocking cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. This data often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer, but it can contain other information as well. Some cookies are placed by third parties acting on our behalf. We use cookies and similar technologies to store and honor your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, provide interest-based advertising, combat fraud, analyze how our products perform, and fulfill other legitimate purposes described below. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows, for similar purposes, and many of our websites and applications also contain web beacons or other similar technologies, as described below.
Our use of cookies and similar technologies
Microsoft uses cookies and similar technologies for several purposes, depending on the context or product, including:
Storing your preferences and settings
. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings on your device, and to enhance your experiences. For example, depending on your settings, if you enter your city or postal code to get local news or weather information on a Microsoft website, we store that data in a cookie so that you will see the relevant local information when you return to the site. Saving your preferences with cookies, such as your preferred language, prevents you from having to set your preferences repeatedly. If you opt out of interest-based advertising, we store your opt-out preference in a cookie on your device. Similarly, in scenarios where we obtain your consent to place cookies on your device, we store your choice in a cookie.
Sign-in and authentication
. We use cookies to authenticate you. When you sign in to a website using your personal Microsoft account, we store a unique ID number, and the time you signed in, in an encrypted cookie on your device. This cookie allows you to move from page to page within the site without having to sign in again on each page. You can also save your sign-in information so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the site.
Security
. We use cookies to process information that helps us secure our products, as well as detect fraud and abuse.
Storing information you provide to a website
. We use cookies to remember information you shared. When you provide information to Microsoft, such as when you add products to a shopping cart on Microsoft websites, we store the data in a cookie for the purpose of remembering the information.
Social media
. Some of our websites include social media cookies, including those that enable users who are signed in to the social media service to share content via that service.
Feedback
. Microsoft uses cookies to enable you to provide feedback on a website.
Interest-based advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that is most relevant to you. You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Showing advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to record how many visitors have clicked on an advertisement and to record which advertisements you have seen, for example, so you do not see the same one repeatedly.
Analytics
. We use first- and third-party cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service and to develop other statistics about the operations of our products.
Performance
. Microsoft uses cookies to understand and improve how our products perform. For example, we use cookies to gather data that helps with load balancing; this helps us keep our websites remain up and running.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. Please see the “How to Control Cookies” section below for more information.
Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed below. This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate the primary purposes for which we typically set cookies. If you visit one of our websites, the site will set some or all of the following cookies:
MSCC
. Contains user choices for most Microsoft properties.
MUID, MC1, MSFPC, and MSPTC
. Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes.
ANON
. Contains the ANID, a unique identifier derived from your Microsoft account, which is used for advertising, personalization, and operational purposes. It is also used to preserve your choice to opt out of interest-based advertising from Microsoft if you have chosen to associate the opt-out with your Microsoft account.
CC
. Contains a country code as determined from your IP address.
PPAuth, MSPAuth, MSNRPSAuth, KievRPSAuth, WLSSC, MSPProf
. Helps to authenticate you when you sign in with your Microsoft account.
MC0
. Detects whether cookies are enabled in the browser.
MS0
. Identifies a specific session.
NAP
. Contains an encrypted version of your country, postal code, age, gender, language and occupation, if known, based on your Microsoft account profile.
MH
. Appears on co-branded sites where Microsoft is partnering with an advertiser. This cookie identifies the advertiser, so the right ad is selected.
childinfo, kcdob, kcrelid, kcru, pcfm
. Contains information that Microsoft account uses within its pages in relation to child accounts.
MR
. This cookie is used by Microsoft to reset or refresh the MUID cookie.
x-ms-gateway-slice
. Identifies a gateway for load balancing.
TOptOut
. Records your decision not to receive interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft. Where required, we place this cookie by default and remove it when you consent to interest-based advertising.
ApplicationGatewayAffinity
and
ApplicationGatewayAffinityCORS
.  These session cookies are used for load balancing purposes and to ensure requests for a user session are handled by the same server.
We may also use the cookies of other Microsoft affiliates, companies, and partners, such as LinkedIn and Xandr.
Third Party Cookies
In addition to the cookies Microsoft sets when you visit our websites, we also use cookies from third parties to enhance the services on our sites. Some third parties can also set cookies when you visit Microsoft sites. For example:
Companies we hire to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics, place cookies when you visit our sites.
Companies that deliver content on Microsoft sites, such as videos or news, or ads, place cookies on their own.
These companies use the data they process in accordance with their privacy policies, which may enable these companies to collect and combine information about your activities across websites, apps, or online services.
The following types of third-party cookies may be used, depending on the context, service or product, as well as your settings and permissions:
Social Media cookies.
We and third parties use social media cookies to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activity on our websites. They’re used to connect your activity on our websites to your social media profiles so the ads and content you see on our websites and on social media will better reflect your interests.
Analytics cookies.
We allow third parties to use analytics cookies to understand how you use our websites so we can make them better and the third parties can develop and improve their products, which they may use on websites that are not owned or operated by Microsoft. For example, analytics cookies are used to gather information about the pages you visit and how many clicks you need to accomplish a task. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
Advertising cookies.
We and third parties use advertising cookies to show you new ads by recording which ads you've already seen. They're also used to track which ads you click on or purchases you make after clicking on an ad for payment purposes, and to show you ads that are more relevant to you. For example, they're used to detect when you click on an ad and show you ads based on your social media interests and website browsing history.
Required cookies.
We use required cookies to perform essential website functions. For example, to log you in, save your language preferences, provide a shopping cart experience, improve performance, route traffic between web servers, detect the size of your screen, determine page load times, and measure audiences. These cookies are necessary for our websites to work.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie inventory
. The third party cookie inventory also includes links to those third parties’ websites or privacy notices. Please consult the third party websites or privacy notices for more information on their privacy practices with respect to their cookies that may be set on our websites. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
How to control cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but provide controls that allow you to block or delete them. For example, in Microsoft Edge, you can block or delete cookies by selecting
Settings
>
Privacy and services
>
Clear Browsing data
>
Cookies and other site data
. For more information about how to delete your cookies in Microsoft browsers, see
Microsoft Edge
,
Microsoft Edge Legacy
, or
Internet Explorer
. If you use a different browser, refer to that browser’s instructions.
As mentioned above, where required, we obtain your consent before placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. We separate these optional cookies by purpose, such as for advertising and social media purposes. You may consent to certain categories of optional cookies and not others. You also may adjust your choices by clicking “Manage cookies” in the footer of the website or through the settings made available on the website. Certain features of Microsoft products depend on cookies. If you choose to block cookies, you cannot sign in or use some of those features, and preferences that are dependent on cookies will be lost. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, are deleted and will need to be recreated.
Additional privacy controls that can impact cookies, including the tracking protections feature of Microsoft browsers, are described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Our use of web beacons and analytics services
Some Microsoft webpages contain electronic tags known as web beacons that we use to help deliver cookies on our websites, count users who have visited those websites, and deliver co-branded products. We also include web beacons or similar technologies in our electronic communications to determine whether you open and act on them.
In addition to placing web beacons on our own websites, we sometimes work with other companies to place our web beacons on their websites or in their advertisements. This helps us to, for example, develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement on a Microsoft website results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser's website. It also allows us to understand your activity on the website of a Microsoft partner in connection with your use of a Microsoft product or service.
Finally, Microsoft products often contain web beacons or similar technologies from third-party analytics providers, which help us compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations. These technologies enable the analytics providers to set or read their own cookies or other identifiers on your device, through which they can collect information about your online activities across applications, websites, or other products. However, we prohibit these analytics providers from using web beacons on our sites to collect or access information that directly identifies you (such as your name or email address). You can opt out of data collection or use by some of these analytics providers by visiting any of the following sites:
Adjust
,
AppsFlyer
,
Clicktale
,
Flurry Analytics
,
Google Analytics
(requires you to install a browser add-on),
Kissmetrics
,
Mixpanel
,
Nielsen
,
Acuity Ads
,
WebTrends
, or
Optimizely
.
Other similar technologies
In addition to standard cookies and web beacons, our products can also use other similar technologies to store and read data files on your computer. This is typically done to maintain your preferences or to improve speed and performance by storing certain files locally. But, like standard cookies, these technologies can also store a unique identifier for your computer, which can then track behavior. These technologies include Local Shared Objects (or "Flash cookies") and Silverlight Application Storage.
Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies."
Websites that use Adobe Flash technologies can use Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies" to store data on your computer. To learn how to manage or block Flash cookies, go to the
Flash Player help page
.
Silverlight Application Storage
. Websites or applications that use Microsoft Silverlight technology also have the ability to store data by using Silverlight Application Storage. To learn how to manage or block such storage, see the
Silverlight
section of this privacy statement.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
If you use a Microsoft product with an account provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as your work or school account, that organization can:
Control and administer your Microsoft product and product account, including controlling privacy-related settings of the product or product account.
Access and process your data, including the interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files associated with your Microsoft product and product accounts.
If you lose access to your work or school account (in event of change of employment, for example), you may lose access to products and the content associated with those products, including those you acquired on your own behalf, if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. If your organization provides you with access to Microsoft products, your use of the Microsoft products is subject to your organization's policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to your organization’s administrator. When you use social features in Microsoft products, other users in your network may see some of your activity. To learn more about the social features and other functionality, please review documentation or help content specific to the Microsoft product. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
When you use a Microsoft product provided by your organization, Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with that product is governed by a contract between Microsoft and your organization. Microsoft processes your personal data to provide the product to your organization and you, and in some cases for Microsoft’s business operations related to providing the product as described in the
Enterprise and developer products
section. As mentioned above, if you have questions about Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with providing products to your organization, please contact your organization. If you have questions about Microsoft’s business operations in connection with providing products to your organization as provided in the Product Terms, please contact Microsoft as described in the
How to contact us
section. For more information on our business operations, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section.
For Microsoft products provided by your K-12 school, including Microsoft 365 Education, Microsoft will:
not collect or use student personal data beyond that needed for authorized educational or school purposes;
not sell or rent student personal data;
not use or share student personal data for advertising or similar commercial purposes, such as behavioral targeting of advertisements to students;
not build a personal profile of a student, other than for supporting authorized educational or school purposes or as authorized by the parent, guardian, or student of appropriate age; and
require that our vendors with whom student personal data is shared to deliver the educational service, if any, are obligated to implement these same commitments for student personal data.
Back to top
Microsoft account
With a Microsoft account, you can sign in to Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing in to your Microsoft account enables personalization and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features.
There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
If you sign into a service offered by a third party with your Microsoft account, you will share with that third party the account data required by that service.
With a Microsoft account, you can sign into Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing into your Microsoft account enables personalization, consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features. There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
Personal Microsoft accounts
. The data associated with your personal Microsoft account, and how that data is used, depends on how you use the account.
Creating your Microsoft account
. When you create a personal Microsoft account, you will be asked to provide certain personal data and we will assign a unique ID number to identify your account and associated information. While some products, such as those involving payment, require a real name, you can sign in to and use other Microsoft products without providing your real name. Some data you provide, such as your display name, email address, and phone number, can be used to help others find and connect with you within Microsoft products. For example, people who know your display name, email address, or phone number can use it to search for you on Skype or Microsoft Teams for personal use and send you an invite to connect with them. Note that if you use a work or school email address to create a personal Microsoft account, your employer or school may gain access to your data. In some cases, you will need to change the email address to a personal email address in order to continue accessing consumer-oriented products (such as the Xbox network).
Signing in to Microsoft account
. When you sign in to your Microsoft account, we create a record of your sign-in, which includes the date and time, information about the product you signed in to, your sign-in name, the unique number assigned to your account, a unique identifier assigned to your device, your IP address, and your operating system and browser version.
Signing in to Microsoft products
. Signing in to your account enables improved personalization, provides seamless and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to access and use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other enhanced features and settings. For example, when you sign in, Microsoft makes information saved to your account available across Microsoft products so important things are right where you need them. When you sign in to your account, you will stay signed in until you sign out. If you add your Microsoft account to a Windows device (version 8 or higher), Windows will automatically sign you in to products that use Microsoft account when you access those products on that device. When you are signed in, some products will display your name or username and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) as part of your use of Microsoft products, including in your communications, social interactions, and public posts.
Learn more about your Microsoft account, your data, and your choices
.
Signing in to third-party products
. If you sign in to a third-party product with your Microsoft account, you will share data with the third party in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy. The third party will also receive the version number assigned to your account (a new version number is assigned each time you change your sign-in data); and information that describes whether your account has been deactivated. If you share your profile data, the third party can display your name or user name and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) when you are signed in to that third-party product. If you chose to make payments to third-party merchants using your Microsoft account, Microsoft will pass information stored in your Microsoft account to the third party or its vendors (e.g., payment processors) as necessary to process your payment and fulfill your order (such as name, credit card number, billing and shipping addresses, and relevant contact information). The third party can use or share the data it receives when you sign in or make a purchase according to its own practices and policies.
You should carefully review the privacy statement for each product you sign in to and each merchant you purchase from to determine how it will use the data it collects
.
Work or school accounts
. The data associated with a work or school account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account.
If your employer or school uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides you, you can use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft products, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, and third-party products provided to you by your organization. If required by your organization, you will also be asked to provide a phone number or an alternative email address for additional security verification. And, if allowed by your organization, you may also use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft or third-party products that you acquire for yourself.
If you sign in to Microsoft products with a work or school account, note:
The owner of the domain associated with your email address may control and administer your account, and access and process your data, including the contents of your communications and files, including data stored in products provided to you by your organization, and products you acquire by yourself.
Your use of the products is subject to your organization’s policies, if any. You should consider both your organization’s policies and whether you are comfortable enabling your organization to access your data before you choose to use your work or school account to sign in to products you acquire for yourself.
If you lose access to your work or school account (if you change employers, for example), you may lose access to products, including content associated with those products, you acquired on your own behalf if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of your organization, which may differ from those of Microsoft.
If your organization is administering your use of Microsoft products, please direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data subject rights, to your administrator. See also the
Notice to end users
section of this privacy statement.
If you are uncertain whether your account is a work or school account, please contact your organization.
Third-party accounts
. The data associated with a third-party Microsoft account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account. Your service provider has control over your account, including the ability to access or delete your account.
You should carefully review the terms the third party provided you to understand what it can do with your account
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Collection of data from children
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. Learn more about personal and school accounts in the
Microsoft account section
of the Privacy Statement and
Microsoft Family Safety
in the product-specific section. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages. Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. Select Learn more below for more information about how to access and delete child data and information about children and Xbox profiles.
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
.
Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. See below for more information about how to access and delete child data.
Below is additional information about the collection of data from children, including more details as related to Xbox.
Accessing and deleting child data.
For Microsoft products and services that require parental consent, a parent can view and delete certain data belonging to their child from the parent’s
privacy dashboard
: browsing history, search history, location activity, media activity, apps and service activity, and product and service performance data. To delete this data, a parent can sign in to their
privacy dashboard
and manage their child’s activities. Please note that a parent’s ability to access and/or delete a child’s personal information on their privacy dashboard will vary depending on the laws where you are located.
Additionally, a parent can contact our
privacy support team
through the
privacy support form
and, following authentication, request that the data types on the privacy dashboard together with the following data be deleted: software, setup, and inventory; device connectivity and configuration; feedback and ratings; fitness and activity; support content; support interactions; and environmental sensor. We process authenticated deletion requests within 30 days of receipt.
Please note that content like emails, contacts, and chats are accessible through in-product experiences. You can find more information about data you are able to control within Microsoft products by visiting our
Privacy Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
.
If your child’s account is not a part of your Microsoft family group and you do not have access to your child’s activity on your privacy dashboard, then you need to submit a request related to your child’s data through the
privacy support form
. The privacy team will ask for account verification before fulfilling the request.
To delete all of your child’s personal information, you must request deletion of the child’s account through the
close your account form
. This link will prompt you to sign in with your child’s account credentials. Check that the page shows the correct Microsoft account, and then follow the instructions to request that your child’s account be deleted.
Learn more about how to close a Microsoft account
.
After you submit the request to close your child’s account, we will wait 60 days before permanently deleting the account in case you change your mind or need to access something on the account before it is permanently closed and deleted. During the waiting period, the account is marked for closure and permanent deletion, but it still exists. If you want to reopen your child’s Microsoft account, just sign in again within that 60-day period. We will cancel the account closure, and the account will be reinstated.
What is Xbox?
Xbox is the gaming and entertainment division of Microsoft. Xbox hosts an online network that consists of software and enables online experiences crossing multiple platforms. This network lets your child find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When users sign in to Xbox, in apps, games or on an Xbox console, we assign a unique identifier to their device. For instance, when their Xbox console is connected to the internet and they sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system they are using.
Xbox continues to provide new experiences in client apps that are connected to and backed by services such as Xbox network and cloud gaming. When signed in to an Xbox experience, we collect required data to help keep these experiences safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Data we collect when you create an Xbox profile
. You as the parent or guardian are required to consent to the collection of personal data from a child under 13 years old or as otherwise specified by your jurisdiction. With your permission, your child can have an Xbox profile and use the online Xbox network. During the child Xbox profile creation, you will sign in with your own Microsoft account to verify that you are an adult organizer in your Microsoft family group. We collect an alternate email address or phone number to boost account security. If your child needs help accessing their account, they will be able to use one of these alternates to validate they own the Microsoft account.
We collect limited information about children, including name, birthdate, email address, and region. When you sign your child up for an Xbox profile, they get a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you create your child’s Xbox profile you consent to Microsoft collecting, using, and sharing information based on their privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network. Your child’s privacy and communication settings are defaulted to the most restrictive.
Data we collect
. We collect information about your child’s use of Xbox services, games, apps, and devices including:
When they sign in and sign out of Xbox, purchase history, and content they obtain.
Which games they play and apps they use, their game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content they add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video they capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections they make (friends they add and people who follow them) on the Xbox network.
If your child uses an Xbox console or Xbox app on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time they sign in to Xbox, even if they have been playing offline.
Xbox diagnostic data
. If your child uses Xbox console, Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. Required data is the minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your child’s in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat if your child’s privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network allow it.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it. This data may also be used to provide a safe gaming environment and enforce the
Community Standards for Xbox
.
Data use
. Microsoft uses the data we collect when your child uses Xbox to improve gaming products and experiences— making it safer and more fun over time. Data we collect also enables us to provide your child with curated experiences. This includes connecting them to games, content, services, and recommendations.
Xbox data viewable by others
. When your child is using the Xbox network, their online presence (which can be set to “appear offline” or “blocked”), gamertag, game play statistics, and achievements are visible to other players on the network. Depending on how you set your child’s Xbox safety settings, they might share information when playing or communicating with others on the Xbox network.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips your child uploads, conversations they have, and things they post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how they use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Xbox data shared with game and apps publishers
. When your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about their usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your child’s Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your child’s in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game or types of vehicles used in-game), your child’s presence on the Xbox network, the time they spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs they belong to, official club memberships, and any content they create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use your child’s data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from the game or app detail pages in our stores.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where they have been installed. Some publisher access to your child’s data may be revoked at
microsoft.com/consent
.
Managing child settings
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, you can manage a child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page, as well as their Xbox profile privacy settings from their
Xbox Privacy & online safety page
.
You can also use the
Xbox Family Settings
app to manage your child’s experience on the Xbox Network including: spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, viewing your child’s Xbox activity, and setting age ratings and the amount of screen time. Xbox-specific Family Safety settings will apply on Xbox console or via Xbox on PC or mobile device but may not be applied on other platforms.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data. This data helps keep your child’s console functioning as expected.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control game play. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console, is not shared with anyone, and can be deleted at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between the joints on your child’s body to create a stick figure representation to enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Other important privacy information
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Security of personal data
Microsoft is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential data (such as a credit card number or password) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption. Microsoft complies with applicable data protection laws, including applicable security breach notification laws.
Back to top
Where we store and process personal data
Personal data collected by Microsoft may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States, and in any other jurisdiction where Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities. Microsoft maintains major data centers in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Luxembourg, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Singapore, South Africa, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Typically, the primary storage location is in the customer’s region or in the United States, often with a backup to a data center in another region. The storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate and provide our services efficiently, improve performance, and create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem. We take steps to process the data that we collect under this privacy statement according to this statement’s provisions and the requirements of applicable law.
We transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not yet been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. For example, their laws may not guarantee you the same rights, or there may not be a privacy supervisory authority there that is capable of addressing your complaints. When we engage in such transfers, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts such as the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission under Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914, to help protect your rights and enable these protections to travel with your data. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal data in the countries where Microsoft processes personal data, see this article on
the European Commission website
.
Microsoft Corporation complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In the context of an onward transfer, Microsoft Corporation has responsibility for the processing of personal data it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. Microsoft Corporation remains liable under the DPF if our agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF, unless Microsoft Corporation can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
. The controlled U.S. subsidiaries of Microsoft Corporation, as identified in our self-certification submission, also adhere to the DPF Principles—for more info, see the list of
Microsoft U.S. Entities Covered by Data Privacy Framework Certification
.
If you have a question or complaint related to participation by Microsoft in the DPF Frameworks, we encourage you to contact us via our
web form
. For any complaints related to the DPF Frameworks that Microsoft cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to cooperate with the relevant EU Data Protection Authority, or a panel established by the European data protection authorities, for resolving disputes with EU individuals, the UK Information Commissioner (for UK individuals), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) for resolving disputes with Swiss individuals. Please contact us if you’d like us to direct you to your data protection authority contacts. As further explained in the DPF Principles, binding arbitration is available to address residual complaints not resolved by other means. Microsoft is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Individuals whose personal data is protected by Japan's Act on the Protection of Personal Information should refer to the article on the
Japanese Personal Information Protection Commission’s website
(only published in Japanese) for more information on the commission’s review of certain countries’ personal data protection systems. For individuals in Japan, please click
here
for additional information on the processing of information under the Telecommunications Business Act (in Japanese only).
Back to top
Our retention of personal data
Microsoft retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types, the context of our interactions with you or your use of products, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
Other criteria used to determine the retention periods include:
Do customers provide, create, or maintain the data with the expectation we will retain it until they affirmatively remove it?
Examples include a document you store in OneDrive, or an email message you keep in your Outlook.com inbox. In such cases, we would aim to maintain the data until you actively delete it, such as by moving an email from your Outlook.com inbox to the Deleted Items folder, and then emptying that folder (when your Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion). (Note that there may be other reasons why the data has to be deleted sooner, for example if you exceed limits on how much data can be stored in your account.)
Is there an automated control, such as in the Microsoft privacy dashboard, that enables the customer to access and delete the personal data at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal data of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be adopted.
Has Microsoft adopted and announced a specific retention period for a certain data type?
For example, for Bing search queries, we de-identify stored queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Has the user provided consent for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain data in accordance with your consent.
Is Microsoft subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain or delete the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data retained for the purposes of litigation. Conversely, if we are required by law to remove unlawful content, we will do so.
Back to top
U.S. State Data Privacy
If you are a U.S. resident, we process your personal data in accordance with applicable U.S. state data privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). This section of our privacy statement contains information required by the CCPA and other U.S. state data privacy laws and supplements our privacy statement.
Please note that rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized. We will update our processes, disclosures, and this notice as these implementing rules are finalized, and as otherwise necessary.
Please also see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
and our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the data we collect, process, share and disclose, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Sale
. We do not sell your personal data. So, we do not offer an opt-out to the sale of personal data.
Profiling
.  We do not engage in “profiling” that utilizes your personal data for automated decision-making that produces legal or similarly significant effects.  So, we do not offer an opt-out for this type of profiling.
Share
. We may “share” your personal data, as defined under California and other applicable U.S. state laws, for personalized advertising purposes. As noted in our
Advertising
section, we do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of data we share for personalized advertising purposes, the recipients of the personal data, and our purposes of processing. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Demographic data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Subscription and licensing data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Interactions
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Please see the
Advertising
section for more information about our advertising practices, and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information on “sharing” for personalized advertising purposes under applicable U.S. state laws.
Rights.
You have the right to (i) know what personal data we collect, use, disclose, “share”, and sell, (ii) delete your personal data, (iii) correct your personal data, (iv) restrict the use and disclosure of your sensitive data, (v) receive a copy of your personal data, and (vi) opt-out of “sharing” your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising purposes on third party sites. You may make these requests yourself or through an authorized agent. If you use an authorized agent, we provide your agent with
detailed guidance
on how to exercise your privacy rights. Please see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for additional information on how to exercise these rights.
Universal Opt-Outs.
Microsoft receives and responds to the Global Privacy Control (GPC) browser opt-out signal. Microsoft will turn off sharing your data with third parties for personalized ads if we receive a GPC signal from you when you visit our sites.
You may have additional rights related to your consumer health data as defined by applicable state consumer health privacy laws. Please see our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for information on the rights available under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act (MHMDA) and other applicable U.S. consumer health privacy laws.
If you have a Microsoft account, you can exercise your rights through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
, which requires you to log in to your Microsoft account. If you have an additional request or questions after using the dashboard, you may contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section, use our
web form
, or call our US toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038. If you do not have an account, you may exercise your rights by contacting us as described above. To further protect your personal data, we may ask for additional information, such as your country of residence, email address, and phone number to validate your identity and request before honoring the request.
You may indicate your choice to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising on third party sites by visiting our
sharing opt-out page
. You can also control the personalized advertising you see on Microsoft properties by visiting our
opt-out page
.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than those listed below, without your consent, or as permitted or required under applicable laws. So, we do not offer an ability to limit the use of sensitive data.
If you have made a request to Microsoft to know, delete, correct, or receive your personal information and believe your request was denied by Microsoft, you can exercise your right to appeal the results of your request by contacting our privacy support team via our web form. If your appeal is unsuccessful and depending upon the state where you live, you may have the right to raise a concern or lodge a complaint with your state attorney general.
You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise your privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Personal information processing
. In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of personal data we collect, the sources of the personal data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third-party recipients with whom we provide the personal data. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section. Please see the
Our retention of personal data
section for information on personal data retention criteria.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and partners with whom we offer co-branded services
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; respond to customer questions; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Credentials
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; authentication and account access; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Demographic data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and purchases from data brokers
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product development; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Payment data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and financial institutions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Transact commerce; process transactions; fulfill orders; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and detect and prevent fraud
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Subscription and licensing data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users; third-party storefronts and platforms on which our products are purchased
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide, personalize, and activate our products; customer support; help, secure, and troubleshoot; marketing; and accounting
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Interactions
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users including data Microsoft generates through those interactions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Content
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Video or recordings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and publicly available sources
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Feedback and ratings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; customer support; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for each category of personal data, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Personal data we collect
section, such as developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products. Similarly, we process all categories of personal data for the purposes described in the
How we use personal data
section, such as meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
Subject to your
privacy settings
, your consent, and depending on the products you use and your choices, we may collect, process, or disclose certain personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws. Sensitive data is a subset of personal data. In the list below, we outline the categories of sensitive data we collect, the sources of the sensitive data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third party recipients with whom we share the sensitive data. Please see the
Personal data we collect
section for more information about the sensitive data we may collect.
Categories of Sensitive Data
Account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number, and the means to access the account (security or access code, password, credentials, etc.)
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the product and fulfill requested financial transactions
Recipients: Service providers and payment processing providers
Precise geo-location information
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the service requested; product improvement; some attributes may be disclosed to third parties to provide the service
Recipients: Users and service providers (please see the
Windows Location Services and Recording
section of our privacy statement for more information)
Racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences
Recipients: Service providers
Medical or mental health, sex life, or sexual orientation
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences and accessibility
Recipients: Service providers
Contents of your mail, email, or text messages (where Microsoft is not the intended recipient of the communication)
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; improve the product experience; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers
Personal data collected from a known child under 13 years of age
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; recommendations; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities (in accordance with your Microsoft Family Safety
settings
)
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for personal data collected from children under 13, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Collection of Data from Children
section.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than the following:
Perform the services or provide the goods you reasonably expect
Help ensure the security and integrity of our services, systems, and data, to combat malicious deceptive, fraudulent or illegal acts, and to protect the physical safety of individuals, to the extent the processing is reasonably necessary and proportionate
For short-term transient use (including non-personalized advertising), so long as the personal data is not disclosed to a third party, is not used for profiling, and is not used to alter an individual’s experience outside the current interaction with Microsoft
Perform services on behalf of Microsoft, such as maintaining accounts, providing customer service, processing, or fulfilling orders/transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics, providing storage, and similar services
Undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of, or improve, upgrade, or enhance a service or device owned or controlled by Microsoft
Collect or process sensitive data where the collection or processing is not for inferring characteristics about the individual
Any other activities in accordance with any future regulations that are issued pursuant to U.S. state data privacy laws
De-Identified Data
. In some situations, Microsoft may process de-identified data. Data is in this state when we are not able to link data to an individual to whom such data may relate without taking additional steps. In those instances, and unless allowed under applicable law, we will maintain such information in a de-identified state, and will not try to re-identify the individual to whom the de-identified data relates.
Disclosures of personal data for business or commercial purposes
. As indicated in the
Reasons we share personal data
section, we share personal data with third parties for various business and commercial purposes. The primary business and commercial purposes for which we share personal data are the purposes of processing listed in the table above. However, we share all categories of personal data for the business and commercial purposes in the
Reasons we share personal data
section.
Parties that control collection of personal data
. In certain situations, we may allow a third party to control the collection of your personal data. For example, third party applications or extensions that run on Windows or Edge browser may collect personal data based on their own practices.
Microsoft allows advertising companies to collect information about your interactions with our websites in order to deliver personalized ads on Microsoft’s behalf.  You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
Back to top
Advertising
Advertising allows us to provide, support, and improve some of our products. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use other data, detailed below, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. For example:
Microsoft may use data we collect to select and deliver some of the ads you see on Microsoft web properties, such as
Microsoft.com
, Microsoft Start, and Bing. We may also use such data to select and deliver ads on third party digital properties.
When the advertising ID is enabled in Windows as part of your privacy settings, third parties can access and use the advertising ID (much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie) to select and deliver ads in such apps.
We may share data we collect with internal and external partners, such as Xandr, Yahoo, or Facebook (see below), so that the ads you see in our products and their products are more relevant and valuable to you.
Advertisers may choose to place our web beacons on their sites, or use similar technologies, in order to allow Microsoft to collect information on their sites such as activities, purchases, and visits; we use this data on behalf of our advertising customers to provide ads.
The ads that you see may be selected based on data we process about you, such as your interests and favorites, your location, your transactions, how you use our products, your search queries, or the content you view. For example, if you view content on Microsoft Start about automobiles, we may show advertisements about cars; if you search “pizza places in Seattle” on Bing, you may see advertisements in your search results for restaurants in Seattle.
The ads that you see may also be selected based on other information learned about you over time using demographic data, location data, search queries, interests and favorites, usage data from our products and sites, and the information we collect about you from the sites and apps of our advertisers and partners. We refer to these ads as "personalized advertising" in this statement. For example, if you view gaming content on
xbox.com
, you may see ads for games on Microsoft Start. To provide personalized advertising, we combine cookies placed on your device using information that we collect (such as IP address) when your browser interacts with our websites. If you opt out of receiving personalized advertising, data associated with these cookies will not be used.
We may use information about you to serve you with personalized advertising when you use Microsoft services. If you are logged in with your Microsoft account and have consented to allow Microsoft Edge to use your online activity for personalized advertising, you will see ads for products and services based on your online activity while using Microsoft Edge. To configure your privacy settings for Edge, go to Microsoft Edge > Settings > Privacy and Services. To configure your privacy and ad settings for your Microsoft account with respect to your online activity across browsers, including Microsoft Edge, or when visiting third-party websites or apps, go to your dashboard at
privacy.microsoft.com
.
Further details regarding our advertising-related uses of data include:
Advertising industry best practices and commitments
. Microsoft is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. We also adhere to the following self-regulatory programs:
In the US:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
In Europe:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
In Canada:
Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
/
Choix de Pub: l'Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC)
Health-related ad targeting
. In the United States, we provide personalized advertising based on a limited number of standard, non-sensitive health-related interest categories, including allergies, arthritis, cholesterol, cold and flu, diabetes, gastrointestinal health, headache / migraine, healthy eating, healthy heart, men’s health, oral health, osteoporosis, skin health, sleep, and vision / eye care. We will also personalize ads based on custom, non-sensitive health-related interest categories as requested by advertisers.
Children and advertising
. We do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
Data retention
. For personalized advertising, we retain data for no more than 13 months, unless we obtain your consent to retain the data longer.
Sensitive Data
. Microsoft Advertising does not collect, process, or disclose personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws for the purposes of providing personalized advertising.
Data sharing
. In some cases, we share with advertisers reports about the data we have collected on their sites or ads.
Data collected by other advertising companies
. Advertisers sometimes include their own web beacons (or those of their other advertising partners) within their advertisements that we display, enabling them to set and read their own cookie. Additionally, Microsoft partners with
Xandr
, a Microsoft company, and third-party ad companies to help provide some of our advertising services, and we also allow other third-party ad companies to display advertisements on our sites. These third parties may place cookies on your computer and collect data about your online activities across websites or online services. These companies currently include, but are not limited to:
Facebook
,
Media.ne
t
,
Outb
rain
,
Taboola
and
Yah
oo
. Select any of the preceding links to find more information on each company's practices, including the choices it offers. Many of these companies are also members of the
NAI
or
DAA
, which each provide a simple way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies.
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, visit our
opt-out
page. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
Back to top
Speech recognition technologies
Speech recognition technologies are integrated into many Microsoft products and services. Microsoft provides both device-based speech recognition features and cloud-based (online) speech recognition features. Microsoft’s speech recognition technology transcribes voice data into text. With your permission, Microsoft employees and vendors working on behalf of Microsoft, will be able to review snippets of your voice data or voice clips in order to build and improve our speech recognition technologies. These improvements allow us to build better voice-enabled capabilities that benefit users across all our consumer and enterprise products and services. Prior to employee or vendor review of voice data, we protect users’ privacy by taking steps to de-identify the data, requiring non-disclosure agreements with relevant vendors and their employees, and requiring that employees and vendors meet high privacy standards.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Back to top
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Microsoft offers preview, insider, beta or other free-of-charge products and features ("previews") to enable you to evaluate them while providing Microsoft with data about your use of the product, including feedback and device and usage data. As a result, previews can automatically collect additional data, provide fewer controls, and otherwise employ different privacy and security measures than those typically present in our products. If you participate in previews, we may contact you about your feedback or your interest in continuing to use the product after general release.
Back to top
Changes to this privacy statement
We update this privacy statement when necessary to provide greater transparency or in response to:
Feedback from customer, regulators, industry, or other stakeholders.
Changes in our products.
Changes in our data processing activities or policies.
When we post changes to this statement, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the statement and describe the changes on the
Change history
page. If there are material changes to the statement, such as a change to the purposes of processing of personal data that is not consistent with the purpose for which it was originally collected, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to learn how Microsoft is protecting your information.
Back to top
How to contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or the Data Protection Officer for your region, please contact us by using our
web form
. We will respond to questions or concerns as required by law and within a period no longer than 30 days. You can also raise a concern or lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or other official with jurisdiction.
When Microsoft is a controller, unless otherwise stated, Microsoft Corporation and, for those in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited are the data controllers for personal data we collect through the products subject to this statement. Our addresses are:
Microsoft Privacy, Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052, USA. Telephone: +1 (425) 882 8080.
Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Attn: Data Protection Officer, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Telephone: +353 1 706 3117.
To find the Microsoft subsidiary in your country or region, see the list of
Microsoft office locations around the world
.
The representative of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited within the meaning of Art. 14 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection is Microsoft Schweiz GmbH, The Circle 02, 8058 Zürich-Flughafen, Switzerland.
If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy law, you may contact Microsoft at the U.S. address listed above, use our
web form
, or call our U.S. toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038.
If you are a resident of Canada and its provinces you may contact the Microsoft Data Protection Officer for Canada at Microsoft Canada Head Office, 4400-81 Bay St, Toronto, ON, M5J 0E7, at +1 (416) 349 2506, or by using our
web form
.
Where French law applies, you can also send us specific instructions regarding the use of your personal data after your death, by using our
web form
.
If you have a technical or support question, please visit
Microsoft Support
to learn more about Microsoft Support offerings. If you have a personal Microsoft account password question, please visit
Microsoft account support
.
We offer various means for you to control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and to exercise your data protection rights. You can do so by contacting Microsoft at our
web form
or the information above, or by using the various tools we provide. Please see the
How to access and control your personal data
section for additional details.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Microsoft leverages the power of artificial intelligence (AI) in many of our products and services, including by incorporating generative AI features such as Microsoft Copilot capabilities. Microsoft’s deployment and use of AI is subject to Microsoft’s
AI Principles
and Microsoft’s
Responsible AI Standard
, and Microsoft’s collection and use of personal data in developing and deploying AI features is consistent with commitments outlined in this privacy statement. Product-specific details provide additional relevant information. You can find out more about how Microsoft uses AI
here
.
Microsoft Copilot capabilities.
Microsoft Copilot
is Microsoft’s everyday AI companion, and is designed to help you achieve more through a single experience that runs across devices, understanding relevant context on the web, on your PC, and across apps to bring you the right skills at the right time. With the help of Copilot, users can start a draft of a new Word document; or generate a PowerPoint presentation when accessing Copilot in M365 apps, quickly find the answers to complex search queries online, find relevant documents or other personal content, or be inspired to create new songs, stories, images, or other content, among other tasks. Copilot is a family of services, and Microsoft’s collection and use of data may differ depending on the service and the intended functionality in a given scenario.
The Copilot
website
and app (available on iOS and Android) is the core of the consumer Copilot experience. Within this core experience, users can search the web, create text, images, songs, or other outputs, or engage with other features, such as plugins. On the website and in the app, users enter “prompts” that provide instructions to Copilot (e.g., “Give me recommendations for a restaurant that accommodates parties of 10 near me”). In order to provide a relevant response, Copilot will use this prompt, along with the user’s location, language, and similar settings, to formulate a helpful response. In some markets, authenticated users can choose to allow Copilot to have access to prior prompt history to better personalize the product. The consumer Copilot product uses the data collected to provide and improve the Copilot services, including to provide relevant advertising. Users who are signed-in to their account can manage their prompt history in product and on the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard, and can adjust their location, language, and other settings in the product.
Copilot also appears as an assistant within other Microsoft consumer products, such as Bing and Microsoft Edge. In those situations, data processing activities generally align with those products’ primary uses. For example, Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in the Search and Browse section of this privacy statement. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
. In Microsoft Edge, Copilot appears in the sidebar experience and can help the user complete tasks related to the webpages they visit (e.g., “summarize this page”). This data is used consistent with the Microsoft Edge section of this privacy statement.
Copilot Pro
is another consumer Copilot offering, and offers subscribers priority access to the very latest models, improved image creation abilities, and access to Copilot in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, OneNote, Excel, and Outlook. The main Copilot Pro website and app has similar data collection, use, and controls as consumer Copilot, as described above. Similar Copilot functionality is also included in Microsoft 365 Family and Microsoft 365 Personal subscriptions. When Copilot is integrated with Microsoft 365 products, Copilot data collection is consistent with how data collection and use is described in the Productivity and Communications section of this privacy statement.
There are also Copilot offerings designed for enterprise users. When enabled by an eligible enterprise, users logged in with their Entra ID who want to access consumer Copilot services are offered Copilot with Commercial Data Protection, which minimizes data collection and use consistent with the expectations of enterprise users. More information on Copilot with Commercial Data Protection is available
here
.
Microsoft 365 Copilot, available for Microsoft 365 enterprise offerings, provides enterprise-grade data protection along with access to the corporate graph, Copilot within Microsoft 365 and Teams, and additional customization features. Data collection and use in Microsoft 365 Copilot is consistent with the practices described in the Enterprise and Developer Products section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise online services
To provide the Enterprise Online Services, Microsoft uses data you provide (including Customer Data, Personal Data, Administrator Data, Payment Data, and Support Data) and data Microsoft collects or generates associated with your use of the Enterprise Online Services. We process data as described in the
Product Terms
,
Microsoft Products and Services Data Protection Addendum (Products and Services DPA),
and the
Microsoft Trust Center
.
Personal Data
. Customer is the controller of Personal Data and Microsoft is the processor of such data, except when (a) Customer acts as a processor of Personal Data, in which case Microsoft is a subprocessor or (b) as stated otherwise in the standard
Products and Services DPA
. In addition, as provided in the standard
Products and Services DPA
, Microsoft has taken on the added responsibilities of a data controller under GDPR when processing Personal Data in connection with its business operations incident to providing its services to Microsoft’s commercial customers, such as billing and account management; compensation; internal reporting and business modeling; and financial reporting. We use Personal Data in the least identifiable form that will support processing necessary for these business operations. We rely on statistical data and aggregate pseudonymized Personal Data before using it for our business operations, removing the ability to identify specific individuals.
Administrator Data
. Administrator Data is the information provided to Microsoft during sign-up, purchase, or administration of Enterprise Online Services. We use Administrator Data to provide the Enterprise Online Services, complete transactions, service the account, detect and prevent fraud, and comply with our legal obligations. Administrator Data includes the name, address, phone number, and email address you provide, as well as aggregated usage data related to your account, such as the controls you select. Administrator Data also includes contact information of your colleagues and friends if you agree to provide it to Microsoft for the limited purpose of sending them an invitation to use the Enterprise Online Services; we contact those individuals with communications that include information about you, such as your name and profile photo.
As needed, we use Administrator Data to contact you to provide information about your account, subscriptions, billing, and updates to the Enterprise Online Services, including information about new features, security, or other technical issues. We also contact you regarding third-party inquiries we receive regarding use of the Enterprise Online Services, as described in your agreement. You cannot unsubscribe from these non-promotional communications. We may also contact you regarding information and offers about other products and services, or share your contact information with Microsoft's partners. When such a partner has specific services or solutions to meet your needs, or to optimize your use of the Enterprise Online Services, we may share limited, aggregated information about your organization’s account with the partner. Microsoft will not share your confidential information or contact information with the authorized partner unless we have sufficient rights to do so. You can manage your contact preferences or update your information in your account profile.
Payment Data
. We use payment data to complete transactions, as well as to detect and prevent fraud.
Support Data
. Customers provide or authorize Microsoft to collect data in connection with obtaining technical support for the Enterprise Online Services. We process Support Data to provide technical support and as described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Local Software and Diagnostic Data
. Some Online Services may require, or may be enhanced by, the installation of local software (e.g., agents, device management applications). The local software may collect Diagnostic Data (as defined in the
Products and Services DPA
) about the use and performance of that software. That data may be transmitted to Microsoft and used for the purposes described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Bing Search Services Data
. Bing Search Services, as defined in the Product Terms, use data such as search queries as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances collect data to operate effectively and provide you the best experiences. The data we collect depends on the features you use, as well as your configuration and settings, but it is generally limited to device and usage data. Customers have choices about the data they provide. Here are examples of the data we collect:
During installation or when you upgrade an enterprise and developer software, we may collect device and usage data to learn whether you experience any difficulties.
When you use enterprise software or enterprise appliances, we may collect device and usage data to learn about your operating environment to improve security features.
When you experience a crash using enterprise software or enterprise appliances, you may choose to send Microsoft an error report to help us diagnose the problem and deliver customer support.
Microsoft uses the data we collect from enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances to provide and improve our products, to deliver customer support, to activate the product, to communicate with you, and to operate our business.
Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management platform and includes products that can be installed separately (such as SQL Server Management Studio). For detailed information about what data we collect, how we use it, and how to manage your privacy options, visit the
SQL Server privacy page
. If you work in an organization, your administrator can set certain telemetry settings in SQL Server via Group Policy.
HoloLens
. HoloLens headsets are self-contained Windows computers with Wi-Fi connectivity that enable a mixed reality experience for apps and solutions. Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows running on HoloLens up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve HoloLens and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
HoloLens also processes and collects data related to the HoloLens experience and device, which include cameras, microphones, and infrared sensors that enable motions and voice to navigate.
If you choose, cameras can be used to sign you in automatically using your iris. To do this, HoloLens takes an image of your iris and measures distances between key points to create and store a numeric value that represents only you. This data stays on the HoloLens and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
HoloLens also detects hand gestures intended for system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your HoloLens device and is not stored.
HoloLens derives tracking points based on your environment which allows it to understand surfaces in space and allows you to place digital assets on them. There are no images associated with this environmental data and it is stored locally on the HoloLens device. You can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands for navigation, controlling apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Productivity and communications products
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft 365, previous versions called Office 365, is a collection of subscription productivity services and applications including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and OneNote, among others. Office is the one-time purchase version of these applications available on PC or Mac and includes Access and Publisher. Both Microsoft 365 and Office are comprised of client software applications and connected online services (or web apps in the case of Microsoft 365 for the web) that span many platforms and have numerous interdependent experiences. For more details about Outlook, see the
Outlook
section of this privacy statement.
Various cloud-based Microsoft 365 services enable you to use your file content for designs and recommendations, collaborate with others within your documents, and provide you functionality from other Microsoft products, such as Bing, and third-party connected products. If you work in an organization, your administrator may turn off or disable these connected services. You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office apps. For more information, see
Account Privacy Settings
.
Office Roaming Service
. The Office Roaming Service helps keep your settings, including your privacy settings, up to date across your devices running Microsoft 365 or Office apps. When you sign in to your apps with either your Microsoft account or an account issued by your organization, the service syncs some of your customized settings to Microsoft servers. For example, the service syncs a list of most recently used documents or the last location viewed within a document. When you sign in to another device with the same account, the Office Roaming Service downloads your settings from Microsoft servers and applies them to the additional device. When you sign out of your apps, the service removes your settings from your device. Any changes you make to your customized settings are sent to Microsoft servers.
Updates from Microsoft
. Microsoft uses services such as Click-to-Run, Microsoft AutoUpdate (for Mac), or Microsoft Update (for some versions of Office) to provide you with security and other important updates.
These services can automatically detect the availability of online updates for Microsoft 365 or Office apps on your device and download and install them automatically.
Diagnostic Data
. Diagnostic data is used to (i) keep your Microsoft 365 or Office apps secure and up to date; (ii) detect, diagnose, and remediate problems; and (iii) make product improvements. This data does not include a user’s name or email address, the content of the user’s files, or information about apps unrelated to Microsoft 365 or Office. Users have a choice between two different levels of diagnostic data collection, Required and Optional.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep apps secure, up to date, and performing as expected on the device it’s installed on.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help us detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
See
Diagnostic Data
for more information.
Connected Experiences
. Microsoft 365 continues to provide more experiences in client applications that are connected to and backed by cloud-based services. A subset of these connected experiences is also available in Office. If you choose to use connected experiences, required service data will be collected to help keep these connected experiences reliable, up to date, secure, and performing as expected. See below for additional information about required service data.
Working with others on a document stored on OneDrive or translating the contents of a Word document into a different language are examples of connected experiences. There are two types of connected experiences.
Experiences that analyze your content
. Experiences that use your file content to provide you with design recommendations, editing suggestions, data insights, and similar features. For example, PowerPoint Designer or Editor in Word.
Experiences that download online content
. Experiences that allow you to search and download online content including templates, images, 3D models, videos, and reference materials to enhance your documents. For example, templates or PowerPoint QuickStarter.
You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office client apps. These privacy settings allow you to configure your connected experiences. For example, you can choose to enable connected experiences that download online content, but not connected experiences that analyze content. Turning off connected experiences will also turn off additional experiences, such as document co-authoring and online file storage. But even if you use this privacy setting to turn off connected experiences, certain functionality will remain available, such as syncing your mailbox in Outlook, as well as essential services described below. These controls are not available when using Microsoft 365 for the web, since you will already be cloud-connected. For more information about accessing these controls, see
Account Privacy Settings.
If you choose to disable certain types of connected experiences, either the ribbon or menu command for those connected experiences will be grayed out or you will get an error message when you try to use those connected experiences.
Essential services
. There are a set of services that are essential to how Microsoft 365 and Office functions and cannot be disabled. For example, the licensing service that confirms that you are properly licensed to use Microsoft 365 is essential. Required service data about these services is collected and sent to Microsoft, regardless of any other settings that you have configured. See
Essential Services
for more information.
Required service data for connected experiences
. As you use a connected experience, data is sent to and processed by Microsoft to provide you that connected experience. This data is necessary because this information enables us to deliver these cloud-based connected experiences. We refer to this data as required service data.
Required service data can include information related to the operation of the connected experience that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected. If you choose to use a connected experience that analyzes your content, for example Translate in Word, the text you typed and selected to translate is also sent and processed to provide you the connected experience. Your text and the translation are not stored by our service. Required service data can also include information needed by a connected experience to perform its task, such as configuration information about the Microsoft 365 or Office app.
See
Required service data
for more information.
Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro
. Available as a separate subscription service in select countries, the Copilot features that appear in Microsoft 365 apps as part of a Microsoft 365 Personal, Microsoft 365 Family, or Copilot Pro subscription provide AI-powered productivity capabilities through real-time conversational experiences by applying large language model (LLM) processing on the content you choose to provide in Microsoft 365 apps including Word, Excel, OneNote, Outlook, and PowerPoint. Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro are not available for use in Office desktop licenses. When used with available Microsoft 365 apps, Copilot will use the content in your files only when you ask it to perform a specific action on that specific content - for example, when you ask Copilot to help you rewrite a paragraph in a Word document or ask Copilot to generate a to-do list from your notes in OneNote. Similar to connected experiences, required service data is collected during your use of Copilot that includes information related to its operation that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
See
Copilot Pro: Microsoft 365 apps and your privacy
and
Frequently asked questions about Copilot in Microsoft 365 Family and Personal subscriptions
for more information.
Other Productivity Apps
. Microsoft provides several productivity apps separate from Microsoft 365 and Office, including Whiteboard (a free form digital canvas using touch, type, and pen), To Do (a cloud-based task management app), and Sticky Notes (a desktop notes app).
The apps use various cloud-based services to provide you with functionality from other Microsoft products, such as providing images from Bing in Whiteboard, recommending suggested tasks to add to My Day in To Do, and taking advantage of Sticky Notes' integration with Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. Some Microsoft 365 applications make use of your device capabilities using certain features. In PowerPoint, the presentation recording feature can access your device microphone and camera to record presentations with audio and video. Your device microphone is also accessed via the Record audio feature and when using Speaker Coach. As you speak, Speaker Coach gives you on-screen guidance about pacing, inclusive language, use of profanity, filler words, and whether you’re reading the slide text. When creating a PowerPoint presentation, you can also use the Screenshot and Screen clipping features to capture screen contents. Some Microsoft 365 applications, PowerPoint, Word, and OneNote, provide Dictate, a connected experience which lets you use speech-to-text to author content using your microphone. In Word and OneNote, the Transcribe connected experience converts speech recorded directly in the app using your microphone or using a speech audio recording to a text transcript with each speaker individually separated. OneNote can insert photos or record video using your camera. All Microsoft 365 apps along with To Do and Whiteboard have sharing functionality that accesses your contacts to allow you to share your documents with others in your contacts list. Applications will not access your device capabilities until you begin using the feature.
You can manage your microphone and camera access settings in the Windows Privacy Settings menu. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
. To learn more about how to control your privacy settings in apps, see
Windows privacy settings that apps use
.
Back to top
Microsoft Family
This section applies to the Microsoft Family Safety M365 product, which allows a family group to connect through the Microsoft Family Safety app on their Windows, Xbox, or mobile devices. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group.
Microsoft Family Safety can help parents and guardians to create a safer environment for their family group with digital content filtering, screen time limits, spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, setting age ratings for apps and games, and location sharing. To learn about how Microsoft collects and uses children’s data, see the
Collection of data from children section
of the Privacy Statement. If you are using Microsoft Family Safety in Windows, see the
Windows security and safety features section
of the Privacy Statement for additional information.
To enable Family Safety controls on a child account, the child account must be part of a family group. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who consented to the child account’s creation. For accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, the parent or guardian must add the account to their family group in order to use Family Safety controls.
When you have enabled family activity reporting for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their devices, such as search, web, app, and game activity, and provide parents with reports of that child's online activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Certain Family Safety features, such as Location Sharing, Drive Safety, Share Drives, Places, and Location Alerts will use your location information when enabled. When you have enabled Location Sharing, for instance, your device will upload location data to the cloud and share it with others in your family group. Microsoft retains only your last known location as part of the Location Sharing feature (each new location replaces the previous one). When you enable Drive Safety, your location will be used to record your drive habits such as whether you are driving within the speed limits, if you’re using your phone while driving, and if you accelerate or brake suddenly. These reports will be uploaded to the cloud, and you can choose to share your drive reports with your family group. You can turn off these location features at any time in the Family Safety settings. You can manage your device’s location data at the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard. Learn more about
Family Safety and your location data
.
Back to top
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Launcher is an Android app that offers a highly customizable app launcher experience on Android devices.
Microsoft Launcher lets you log in with your personal Microsoft account or work account, or use it without any account. However, some functions may be limited if you do not grant certain permissions.
To use Microsoft Launcher, the application must be installed on your Android device, and optional permissions are required to enable the following features:
Microsoft Copilot
. When signed in with your personal Microsoft account, you can seamlessly use Copilot features like chat, web search, voice search, and image search. Certain Copilot features require access to your device capabilities, such as your device camera, microphone, photos, and videos. Please see our Artificial Intelligence and Copilot capabilities section for more information. Learn more about Copilot terms of use
here
.
Glance Feed
. Glance helps you organize daily activities, such as Outlook calendar, To Do list, Sticky Notes, and recent documents in your M365 apps. After signing-in with your personal Microsoft account or your work account, the data will be synced across devices signed into the same account to give you personalized experiences. It also enables you to review recent activities, like recent photos and app usage, which require permissions to access device photos, files, and app usage data.
News Feed
. When you sign in with your Microsoft account, you can enjoy a personalized news feed and advertisements in Launcher’s News Feed, synchronized across all your devices. You can also receive local curated news when you grant Microsoft Launcher permission to access your location information. You can manage your ad preferences through the Microsoft privacy dashboard to tailor your experience.
Weather Notifications
. Microsoft Launcher allows you to receive the latest and most important weather changes on your home screen with MSN Weather. You can receive up-to-date local weather information when you allow Launcher to access your location or provide your zip code.
Backup and Restore
: Easily transfer between phones or try different home screen setups with Microsoft Launcher's backup and restore feature. Backups can be stored locally on your device or saved to your OneDrive account associated with your Microsoft Account for easy access.
Microsoft Launcher supports Android work profile features, enabling you to maintain a clear boundary between personal and work data on your device. This means you can securely access work resources without mixing them with your personal apps and data.
To learn more about Microsoft Launcher and its supported features, please visit
here
.
Back to top
Microsoft Teams
This section applies to the consumer offering of Teams; if you are using Teams with a school or work account, see the
Enterprise and developer products
of this privacy statement.
Teams is an all-in-one collaboration and communication hub. Teams lets you stay organised and connected across your entire life. Teams allows you to call people with voice or video calling. Teams allows you to easily find people, files, photos, conversations, tasks, and calendars in one convenient and secure place. Teams allows you to store confidential information like passwords, rewards numbers, or login information and share it with others within Teams. With your consent, you can share your location with friends and family.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects data about the usage of the features as well as information about your communications, including the time and date of the communication and users that are part of the communication. Microsoft may share this information with Enterprise customers when you interact through meetings and chats with end users who are using their school or work account. For instance, if you engage in a Teams chat with a user who is using Teams associated with their school account, Microsoft may share your information with that user's school as part of providing the Teams service.
Compatibility with Skype
. As a Teams user, you can also log into Skype using your Teams account. If you log into Skype via your Teams credentials, you can use Skype to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Teams chat history through Skype. Skype users will be able to contact you on Teams and see your Teams presence status. For more information about Skype, see the
Skype section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts
. Your Teams profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft account. To enable other people to find you on Teams (or products that interact with Teams for personal use, including Teams for enterprise and Skype), your Teams profile is included in the Teams and Skype public search directories, and may be displayed on Skype and Teams. Depending on your settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your username, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others. Your Teams profile may be visible to Enterprise customers and their end users when you engage with an end user of an organization in chats and meetings.
Teams contacts
. With your permission, Teams will sync your device, Outlook, and Skype contacts periodically and check for other Teams users that match contacts in your device, Outlook, or Skype address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. If you choose to stop syncing your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Teams. If you wish to invite any of your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device, Outlook, or Skype address books of a Teams user who chooses to sync their device, Outlook, or Skype contacts with their Teams contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Teams user and to allow Teams users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Teams user continues to be active on Teams on their device and continues to enable contact syncing with the applicable device or service, your information will be stored on our servers, and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Teams user’s contact syncing experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Teams.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Teams users
.
If you do choose to join Teams, you will appear as a suggested new Teams contact for any Teams or Skype users with your information in their device, Outlook, or Skype address books. As a Teams user, you will be able to block other Teams and Skype users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Third-party contacts.
You can also choose to sync contacts from third-party providers. If you choose to unsync your third-party contacts on Teams, all third-party contacts are deleted from Teams. If you gave your consent to use those third-party contacts on other Microsoft apps and services, these contacts will still be available to those other Microsoft apps and services.
You can remove third-party contacts from all Microsoft apps and services by removing third-party accounts from Teams. Please note that removing a third-party account from Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services that also use that third-party account.
Teams calendar.
You can also choose to sync your Teams calendar with calendars from third-party providers. You can stop syncing your Teams calendar anytime by removing a third-party account from Teams. If you have consented to use third-party data on other Microsoft apps and services, please note that removing this third-party account data in Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services.
Location sharing
. You can share your static or live location with individuals or groups within Teams. You are in control and can stop sharing at any time. Sharing location for children is permitted with parental consent and in groups where an adult from the Microsoft family group is present.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Teams uses the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Teams has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service.
If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Teams calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found on your device.
Chats and meetings with Enterprise customer end users
. Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses, as well as individual users. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products section
of this privacy statement if you are using Teams with a work or school account. If you engage in Teams meetings or chats with end users of organizations, the data you share with the end users is subject to their organization’s policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries related to your data shared through chats and meetings with an organization’s end users, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to the organization’s administrator. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
Back to top
OneDrive
OneDrive lets you store and access your files on virtually any device. You can also share and collaborate on your files with others. Some versions of the OneDrive application enable you to access both your personal OneDrive by signing in with your personal Microsoft account and your OneDrive for Business by signing in with your work or school Microsoft account as part of your organization's use of Microsoft 365 or Office 365.
When you use OneDrive, we collect data about your usage of the service, as well as the content you store, to provide, improve, and protect the services. Examples include indexing the contents of your OneDrive documents so that you can search for them later and using location information to enable you to search for photos based on where the photo was taken. We also collect device information so we can deliver personalized experiences, such as enabling you to sync content across devices and roam customized settings.
When you store content in OneDrive, that content will inherit the sharing permissions of the folder in which you store it. For example, if you decide to store content in the public folder, the content will be public and available to anyone on the internet who can find the folder. If you store content in a private folder, the content will be private.
When you share content to a social network like Facebook from a device that you have synced with your OneDrive account, your content is either uploaded to that social network, or a link to that content is posted to that social network. Doing this makes the content accessible to anyone on that social network. To delete the content, you need to delete it from the social network (if it was uploaded there, rather than a link to it) and from OneDrive.
When you share your OneDrive content with your friends via a link, an email with the link is sent to those friends. The link contains an authorization code that allows anyone with the link to access your content. If one of your friends sends the link to other people, they will also be able to access your content, even if you did not choose to share the content with them. To revoke permissions for your content on OneDrive, sign in to your account and then select the specific content to manage the permission levels. Revoking permissions for a link effectively deactivates the link. No one will be able to use the link to access the content unless you decide to share the link again.
Files managed with OneDrive for Business are stored separately from files stored with your personal OneDrive. OneDrive for Business collects and transmits personal data for authentication, such as your email address and password, which will be transmitted to Microsoft and/or to the provider of your Microsoft 365 or Office 365 service.
Back to top
Outlook
Outlook products are designed to improve your productivity through improved communications and include Outlook.com, Outlook applications, and related services.
Outlook.com
. Outlook.com is the primary consumer email service from Microsoft and includes email accounts with addresses that end in outlook.com, live.com, hotmail.com, and msn.com. Outlook.com provides features that let you connect with your friends on social networks. You will need to create a Microsoft account to use Outlook.com.
When you delete an email or item from a mailbox in Outlook.com, the item generally goes into your Deleted Items folder where it remains for approximately 7 days unless you move it back to your inbox, you empty the folder, or the service empties the folder automatically, whichever comes first. When the Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion, unless we are legally required to retain the data for longer.
Outlook applications
. Outlook client applications are software you install on your device that permits you to manage email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other data from email, file storage, and other services, like Exchange Online or Outlook.com, or servers, like Microsoft Exchange. You can use multiple accounts from different providers, including third-party providers, with Outlook applications,
including the new Outlook for Windows app
.
To add an account, you must provide permission for Outlook to access data from the email or file storage services.
When you add an account to Outlook, your mail, calendar items, files, contacts, settings and other data from that account will automatically sync to your device. If you are using the mobile Outlook application, that data will also sync to Microsoft servers to enable additional features such as faster search, personalized filtering of less important mail, and an ability to add email attachments from linked file storage providers without leaving the Outlook application. If you are using the desktop Outlook application, you can choose whether to allow the data to sync to our servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that is synced from your account.
If you add an account provided by an organization (such as your employer or school), the owner of the organizational domain can implement policies and controls (for example, requiring multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that can affect your use of Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. For Outlook clients that support it, the user can dictate the contents of an email and send using the Dictate feature. The Dictate feature may be configured to use the device’s microphone or any other microphone that a user may connect to their device, like a microphone-enabled pair of headphones. Outlook may also use your device location information to provide you with weather information for your current location as well as provide the ability to search for nearby locations.
To learn more about the data the Outlook applications collect and process, please see the
Microsoft 365
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Skype
Skype lets you send and receive voice, video, SMS, and instant message communications. This section applies to the consumer version of Skype; if you are using Skype for Business, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects usage data about your communications that includes the time and date of the communication and the numbers or user names that are part of the communication.
Compatibility with Teams.
As a Skype user, you can also log into Teams using your Skype account. If you log into Teams via your Skype credentials, you can use Teams to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Skype missed calls and chat history through Teams. Teams users will be able to contact you on Skype and see your Skype presence status. For more information about Teams, see the
Microsoft Teams section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts.
Your Skype profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft or Skype account. To enable other people to find you on Skype (or products that interact with Skype, such as Skype for Business or Microsoft Teams), your Skype profile is included in Skype and Teams public search directories and may be visible on both Skype and Teams. Depending on your profile settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your user name, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others.
Emergency calling in the United States.
If you enable location sharing for emergency calling, your location will be periodically collected to enable Microsoft to share your location with emergency calling service providers if you dial 911. Your location information is only shared if you enable location sharing for emergency calling and you initiate a 911 call.
Skype contacts.
If you use Outlook.com to manage contacts, Skype will automatically add the people you know to your Skype contact list until you tell the application to stop. With your permission, Skype will sync your device contacts periodically and check for other Skype users that match contacts in your device or Outlook address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications. If you choose to stop syncing your device contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Skype. If you wish to invite any of your device or Outlook contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device or Outlook address book of a Skype user who chooses to sync their device or Outlook contacts with their Skype contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Skype user and to allow Skype users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Skype user continues to be active on Skype on their device and continues to enable contact syncing, your information will be stored on our servers and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Skype user’s contact synching experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Skype.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Skype users
.
If you do choose to join Skype, you will appear as a suggested new Skype contact for any Skype and Teams users with your information in their device or Outlook address books. As a Skype user, you will be able to block other Skype and Teams users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Partner companies
. To make Skype available to more people, we partner with other companies to allow Skype to be offered via those companies’ services. If you use Skype through a company other than Microsoft, that company’s privacy policy governs how it handles your data. To comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, or to help our partner company or local operator comply or respond, we may access, transfer, disclose, and preserve your data. That data could include, for example, your private content, such as the content of your instant messages, stored video messages, voicemails, or file transfers.
Skype Manager
. Skype Manager lets you manage a group’s (such as your family’s) Skype usage from one central place. When you set up a group, you will be the Skype Manager Administrator and can see the patterns of usage, including detailed information, like traffic data and details of purchases, of other members of the group who have consented to such access. If you add information like your name, other people in the group will be able to see it. Members of the group can withdraw consent for Skype Manager by visiting their
Skype account page
.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Skype apps use the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Skype has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service. If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Skype calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found in the Skype application or your device.
Translation features
. When you use Skype’s translation features, Skype collects and uses your conversation to provide the translation service. With your permission, your data may be used to help improve Microsoft products and services. To help the translation and speech recognition technology learn and grow, sentences and automatic transcripts are analyzed and any corrections are entered into our system, to build better performing services. This data may include manual transcription of your voice clips. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Recording features
. Some versions of Skype have a recording feature that allows you to capture and share all or part of your audio / video call. The recording will be stored and shared as part of your conversation history with the person or group with whom the call occurred.
You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use your recordings or the recording features.
Skype bots
. Bots are programs offered by Microsoft or third parties that can do many useful things like search for news, play games, and more. Depending on their capabilities, bots may have access to your display name, Skype ID, country, region, language, and any messages, audio, video, or content that you share with the bot. Please review the bot profile and its privacy statement before engaging in a one-to-one or group conversation with a bot. You can delete a bot that you no longer wish to engage with. Prior to adding a bot to a group, please ensure that your group participants have consented to their information being shared with the bot.
Captioning
. Certain Skype features include accessibility functionality such as captioning. During Skype calls, a call participant can activate a voice-to-text feature, which allows the user to view the audio chat as text. If a user activates this feature, other call participants will not receive a notification. Microsoft uses this voice and text data to provide captioning of audio for users.
Camera Features
. When you use the camera feature in Skype, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in Skype, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the Skype to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to Skype or any third party.
Back to top
Surface
Microsoft offers its family of Surface devices and accessories to provide a great computing experience, including surfing the web, watching and streaming videos, playing games, running apps like Excel, Word, and OneNote, and more. These include devices and accessories like Surface Laptops, Surface Studios, Surface Book, Surface Pro, Surface Headphones, Surface Earbuds, Surface Dock, Surface Keyboard, and more. As part of that experience, Microsoft collects certain diagnostic data, as described below.
Diagnostic data
. Microsoft collects diagnostic data as you use your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and Surface applications. Diagnostic data can include information about crashes, performance, and usage of Surface products. The data that is sent to Microsoft is used to help keep Surface secure, up to date, and performing as expected and can help us make other improvements to Surface.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required diagnostic data
is the minimum amount of data that we need to help keep Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application secure, up-to-date, and performing as expected.
Optional diagnostic data
is additional diagnostic and usage data about your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. If you choose to send optional diagnostic data to Microsoft, required diagnostic data is also included.
Required diagnostic data is always sent to Microsoft for all Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. But you can choose whether to allow Surface to collect optional diagnostic data and send it to Microsoft. You can make that choice when you first set up your Surface device or change the setting at any time in the Surface app.
For more information, see
Diagnostic data for Surface products
and
Diagnostic data in the Surface app
. For a list of Surface required diagnostic data collected, see
Required diagnostic data for Surface products
.
Back to top
Surface Duo
The Surface Duo is a device featuring two screens that fits in your pocket for productivity on the go. Powered by the Google Android operating system, Surface Duo supports cellular and Wi-Fi connectivity and can be used for email, internet browsing, games, and business connectivity.
Microsoft provides a core Surface Duo experience that runs on the Android operating system. The core Surface Duo experience includes apps such as the Microsoft Launcher, Setup Wizard, and Your Phone Companion. You can sign in with a Google ID and enable various Google services; you can then also sign in with your Microsoft account (MSA) and enable Microsoft’s services. Microsoft apps and services may rely on information provided by Google. Some features, such as location, require that you enable this functionality for Google and separately allow Microsoft to leverage this information.
Diagnostic data
. Surface Duo collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep the core Surface Duo experience up to date, secure, and operating properly. This data also helps us improve Surface Duo and related Microsoft products and services. The data does not include your user name, email address, or the content of your files. There are two levels of diagnostic data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep the core Surface Duo experience secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help Microsoft detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
Learn more in Surface Duo Privacy Settings
.
Surface Duo location settings
. Surface Duo relies on Google location services to determine the device’s precise geographic location to display the local weather. The location of your Surface Duo can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. If you want Microsoft apps to be able to reference or display weather or other location related information, you need to enable Google location services and Microsoft location access. Some apps may require these settings be enabled independently for the app and can be set or changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings. The
Google Privacy Policy
provides details about Google’s location service and related data privacy practices. See
Surface Duo Location Settings
for more information.
Microsoft apps included with the Surface Duo
. The diagnostic data options for the core Surface Duo experience are configured when you initially set up your Surface Duo and can be changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings under the Diagnostic Data section.
The other Microsoft apps on your Surface Duo may prompt you to enable functionality to enable the full experience of the app or you may be asked to allow optional diagnostic data collection. You can change the settings for these apps in the Surface Duo Settings under the app name. More information about these apps is available in the
Productivity and communications products
and
Search and Browse
sections of this Privacy Statement.
Back to top
LinkedIn
To learn about the data LinkedIn collects and how it is used and shared, please see LinkedIn’s
Privacy Policy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Search and browse
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Bing
Bing services include search and mapping services, as well as other apps and programs described in this section. Bing services collect and process data in many forms, including text that has been inked or typed, voice data, and images. Bing services are also included within other Microsoft services, such as Microsoft 365, and certain features in Windows (which we refer to as Bing-powered experiences).
When you conduct a search, or use a feature of a Bing-powered experience that involves conducting a search or entering a command on your behalf, Microsoft will collect the searches or commands you provide (which may be in the form of text, voice data, or an image), along with your IP address, location, the unique identifiers contained in our cookies or similar technologies, the time and date of your search, and your browser configuration. For example, if you use Bing voice-enabled services, your voice input and performance data associated with the speech functionality will be sent to Microsoft. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
. And, if you use Bing image-enabled services, the image you provide will be sent to Microsoft. When you use Bing-powered experiences, such as Bing Lookup to search a particular word or phrase within a webpage or document, that word or phrase is sent to Bing along with some surrounding content in order to provide contextually relevant search results.
AI-enhanced Bing search
. Bing search now includes an AI-enhanced web search functionality, using Microsoft Copilot in Bing, which supports users by providing relevant search results, reviewing and summarizing from across the web, refining research queries through the chat experience, and sparking creativity by helping users create content. Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in this section. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
.
Search suggestions
. For the search suggestions feature, the characters that you type into a Bing-powered experience (such as search and site suggestions in the Microsoft Edge browser) to conduct a search and what you click on will be sent to Microsoft. This allows us to provide you with relevant suggestions as you type your searches. To turn this feature on or off, while using Bing Search, go to
Bing Settings
. There are other methods to control this feature in other Bing-powered experiences, such as the Microsoft Edge browser. Search Suggestions cannot be turned off in the search box in Windows 10 and Windows 11. If you choose, you can always hide the search box or icon on the taskbar.
Bing experience improvement program for Bing Desktop and Bing Toolbar
. If you are using Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar and choose to participate in the Bing Experience Improvement Program, we also collect additional data about how you use these specific Bing apps, such as the addresses of the websites you visit, to help improve search ranking and relevance. To help protect your privacy, we do not use the data collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program to identify or contact you or target advertising to you. You can turn off the Bing Experience Improvement Program at any time in the Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar settings. Finally, we delete the information collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program after 18 months.
Retention and de-identification
. We de-identify stored search queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Personalization through Microsoft account
. Some Bing services provide you with an enhanced experience when you sign in with your personal Microsoft account, for example, syncing your search history across devices. You can use these personalization features to customize your interests, favorites, and settings, and to connect your account with third-party services. Visit
Bing Settings
to manage your personalization settings, or the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
to manage your data.
Managing search history
. When you’re signed-in to a personal Microsoft account, you can erase your search and chat history on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. The Search History service from Bing, located in Bing Settings, provides another method of revisiting the search terms you've entered and results you've clicked when using Bing search through your browser. You may clear your search history on a device through this service. The conversations you have with Microsoft Copilot in Bing are also remembered as “Recent activity”. The history of previous Recent activities is saved, with the names of chats based by default on the first query of the chat. Your Recent activity is displayed on the right-hand side of the chat window when you are using the service. Clearing your history prevents that history from being displayed in your Search History or chat history, but does not delete information from our search logs, which are retained and de-identified as described above or as you have instructed through the privacy dashboard. If you are signed-in to a work or school Microsoft account using Microsoft Search in Bing, you can export your Microsoft Search in Bing search history, but you cannot delete it. Your Microsoft Search in Bing service administrator can see aggregated search history across all enterprise users but cannot see specific searches by user.
Third-party services that use Bing
. You may access Bing-powered experiences when using third-party services, such as those from Yahoo!. In order to provide these services, Bing receives data from these and other partners, including your search query and related data (such as date, time, IP address, and a unique identifier). This data will be sent to Microsoft to provide the search service. Microsoft will use this data as described in this statement or as further limited by our contractual obligations with our partners. You should refer to the privacy policies of the third-party services for any questions about how they collect and use data.
Data passed to destination website
. When you select a search result or advertisement from a Bing search results page and go to the destination website, the destination website will receive the standard data your browser sends to every web site you visit—such as your IP address, browser type and language, and the host name of the site you came from (in this case,
https://www.bing.com/
).
Sharing data from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with third parties
. We share some de-identified data (data where the identity of a specific person is not known) from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with selected third parties. Before we do so, we run the data through a process designed to remove certain sensitive data that users may have included in the search terms themselves (such as social security numbers or credit card numbers). Additionally, we require these third parties to keep the data secure and to not use the data for purposes other than for which it is provided.
Back to top
Microsoft Edge
Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' or online services’ web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Certain features in Microsoft Edge, such as when you open a new tab in the browser, connect you to Microsoft Start Content and your experiences with such content is covered by the Microsoft Start section of this privacy statement. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Microsoft Edge for Windows, Linux, and macOS
. Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows 10 and later and is also available on other supported versions of Windows and macOS.
Data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Clear Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Settings and More
. Allows you to manage your favorites, downloads, history, extensions, and collections.
Collections
. Allows you to collect text, images, videos, and other content in a note page in your browser. When you drag content into your collection, it is cached on your device and can be deleted through your collection.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Microsoft collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. When signed into Microsoft Edge using your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will sync your browser data saved on your device across other signed-in devices. You may choose which browser data to sync, including your favorites, browsing history, extensions and associated data, settings, open tabs, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), passwords, payment information, and other data types as they become available. If you choose to sync extensions that you acquired from third-party web stores, a copy of those extensions will be downloaded directly from those web stores on your synced device(s). If you have turned on Password Monitor, your saved credentials are hashed, encrypted and sent to Microsoft’s Password Monitor service to warn you if your credentials were detected as part of a malicious attack or a breach. Microsoft does not retain this data after the check is complete. You can disable or configure syncing in the Microsoft Edge settings.
When you sign into Microsoft Edge with your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will store your account’s privacy preferences. Microsoft Edge will use the stored preferences to migrate your account’s privacy choices across your signed-in devices, including during Windows device set up or when you sign into Microsoft Edge with your account on a new device.
Microsoft Edge’s
Search and site suggestions
uses your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search recommendations. Microsoft Edge sends the information you type into the browser address bar to the default search provider configured in the address bar to offer search recommendations as you type each character. You can turn off these features at any time in the browser settings. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge sends your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects and uses data from your search activity across the web, including websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services, such as Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing and Microsoft News. This data may include the search query, the search results that are displayed to you, demographic information that is part of the search results, and the interaction you have with those search results, such as the links you click. Microsoft Edge takes steps to de-identify the data it collects by removing data that identifies the person or device from which it was collected and retains this data for one year from when it is collected. Microsoft does not use this collected data to personalize or provide ads to you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Microsoft Edge downloads content from Microsoft services to enhance your browsing experiences; for example, when data is downloaded to prerender site content for faster browsing or to provide content required to power features you choose to use, such as providing templates for Collections.
You may also choose to share your Microsoft Edge browsing activity to allow us to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping, and news. Microsoft Edge browsing activity includes your history, favorites, usage data, web content, and other browsing data. For more information about our
advertising privacy policies
see the Advertising section of the privacy statement. In the Microsoft privacy dashboard you can control the use of your browsing activity for personalized ads in the
See ads that interest you
setting. If you disable this setting in the Microsoft privacy dashboard you will continue to receive personalized web experiences like search and news based on your browsing activity. You may stop sharing your Microsoft Edge browsing activity by disabling
Allow Microsoft to use your browsing activity including history, favorites, usage and other browsing data to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping and news
within Edge settings. When using Copilot features in the Microsoft Edge sidebar, you can choose to allow Microsoft Copilot in Edge to access the content of the webpage you are viewing in order to provide further insights, such as page summaries. Use of data connected with Copilot experiences is consistent with the Copilot data use described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and Windows.
Separate from your search activity data mentioned above, you can choose to send optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about your browser activity, including browsing history and search terms to Microsoft to help us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. For Microsoft Edge on Windows 10 and later, this information is provided when you have enabled optional diagnostic data. For details, see the Windows Diagnostics section of the privacy statement. For Microsoft Edge on other operating systems, optional diagnostic information is provided when you enable
Improve Microsoft products by sending data about how you use the browser
or
Make searches and Microsoft products better by sending info about websites you visit in Microsoft Edge
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual browser installation on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Learn more about Microsoft Edge, browsing data, and privacy
.
Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android
. Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android devices collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. Microsoft also collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge.
Additionally, you may share optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about websites you visit (browsing history) for personalized experiences on your browser, Windows, and other Microsoft products and services. This information also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. This optional diagnostic data is sent to us when you enable
Share usage data for personalization
or
Share info about websites you visit
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual user on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Microsoft Edge uses data from your search activity across the web, including search activity on websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services like Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing, and Microsoft News. The data Microsoft Edge collects may include personal data; however, Microsoft Edge takes steps to scrub and de-identify the data. Microsoft Edge does not use this data to personalize or provide ads for you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Learn more about Search results data for product improvement
.
For information about the privacy practices of legacy versions Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below), see the Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer section of the privacy statement.
Back to top
Microsoft Translator
Microsoft Translator is a machine translation system and service designed to automatically translate text and voice input between numerous supported languages. Microsoft Translator is made available as a stand-alone consumer app for Android, iOS, and Windows and its service capabilities are also integrated in a variety of Microsoft products and services, such as Translator Hub, Translator for Bing, and Translator for Microsoft Edge. Microsoft Translator processes the text, image, and voice data you submit, as well as device and usage data. We use this data to provide Microsoft Translator, personalize your experiences, and improve our products and services. Microsoft has implemented business and technical measures designed to help de-identify the data you submit to Microsoft Translator. For example, when we randomly sample text and audio to improve Microsoft Translator and Microsoft’s speech recognition technologies, we delete identifiers and certain text, such as email addresses and some number sequences, detected in the sample that could contain personal data. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Separate from Microsoft Translator, Microsoft translation services are available as features in other Microsoft products and services that have different privacy practices than Microsoft Translator. For more information on the Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services Translator Text API, Custom Translator, and Translator Speech API, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. For the Translate feature in Microsoft 365 apps and Skype, see the
Productivity and communications products
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
SwiftKey
The Microsoft SwiftKey keyboard and related cloud-based services (collectively, the “SwiftKey Services”) process data about words you use and how you type and use this data to learn your writing style and provide personalized autocorrection and predictive text that adapts to you. We also use this data to offer a range of other features, such as emoji predictions.
SwiftKey prediction technology learns from the way you use language to build a personalized language model. This model is an optimized view of the words and phrases that you use most often in context and reflects your unique writing style. The model itself contains the words you commonly type arranged in a way that enables SwiftKey’s algorithms to make predictions, based on text you have already entered. The model draws from all scenarios in which you use your keyboard, including when you type while using apps or visiting websites. The SwiftKey keyboard and model attempt to avoid collecting sensitive data, by not collecting data from certain fields such as those recognized as containing password or payment data. SwiftKey Services do not log or store, the data contained in your model, unless you choose to share your data with us (as described further below). When you use SwiftKey Services, we also collect device and usage data. When you sign into your SwiftKey account and agree to share the following data, we will use de-identified device data, usage data, and model data to analyze service performance and help improve our products.
The SwiftKey Services also include an optional cloud component called a SwiftKey Account. If you choose to create a SwiftKey Account, your language model will be synchronized with the SwiftKey Account cloud service, so you can benefit from that model on the different devices you use and access additional services such as prediction synchronization and backup. When you create a SwiftKey Account, Microsoft will also collect your email address and basic demographic data. All data collected is transferred to our servers over encrypted channels. If you are signed in to your SwiftKey account, you can control your personal data and SwiftKey account preferences at
data.swiftkey.com
.
As part of your SwiftKey account, you may also opt in to share your language and/or typing data for the purposes of improving Microsoft products and services. If you opt-in, SwiftKey may send short snippets of data about what and how you type and related correction data to our servers for processing. These text snippets are used in various automated processes to validate that our prediction services are working correctly and to make product improvements. To preserve your privacy, SwiftKey Services de-identify these text snippets, and even if you have a SwiftKey Account, these text snippets will not be linked to it.
If you sign into your SwiftKey Account and opt-in to share your language and typing data, Microsoft will process your shared data to look for new patterns of language usage across our user base. This allows us to improve our basic models for individual languages. Language and typing data used in this process is aggregated and any words or combinations of words that might be personal to individuals or small groups of users are filtered out.
You can withdraw your consent to share your language and typing data for product improvement at any time in SwiftKey Settings. You can also withdraw your consent for SwiftKey Services to retain your personal data in SwiftKey Settings. When you withdraw consent for SwiftKey to retain your personal data, all personal data collected through your use of the SwiftKey Services will be deleted.
You may receive occasional notifications on your device alerting you to product updates and features that may be of interest to you. You can disable these notifications at any time in the SwiftKey Settings.
When you use the camera feature in SwiftKey, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in SwiftKey keyboard, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the keyboard to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to SwiftKey or any third party.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Windows
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Activation
When you activate Windows, a specific product key is associated with the device on which your software is installed. The product key and data about the software and your device is sent to Microsoft to help validate your license to the software. This data may be sent again if there is a need to re-activate or validate your license. On phones running Windows, device and network identifiers, as well as device location at the time of the first power-up of the device, are also sent to Microsoft for the purpose of warranty registration, stock replenishment, and fraud prevention.
Back to top
Activity history
Activity history helps keep track of the things you do on your device, such as the apps and services you use, the files you open, and the websites you browse. Your activity history is created when using different apps and features such as Microsoft Edge Legacy, some Microsoft Store apps, and Microsoft 365 apps and is stored locally on your device.
You can turn settings off or on for storing activity history locally on your device, and you can also clear your device’s activity history at any time by going to
Privacy > Activity history
in the Windows settings app.
Learn more about activity history in Windows
.
Back to top
Advertising ID
Windows generates a unique advertising ID for each person using a device, which app developers and advertising networks can then use for their own purposes, including providing relevant advertising in apps. When the advertising ID is enabled, both Microsoft apps and third-party apps can access and use the advertising ID in much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Thus, your advertising ID can be used by app developers and advertising networks to provide more relevant advertising and other personalized experiences across their apps and on the web. Microsoft collects the advertising ID for the uses described here only when you choose to enable the advertising ID as part of your privacy setting.
The advertising ID setting applies to Windows apps using the Windows advertising identifier. You can turn off access to this identifier at any time by turning off the advertising ID in the Windows settings app. If you choose to turn it on again, the advertising ID will be reset and a new identifier will be generated. When a third-party app accesses the advertising ID, its use of the advertising ID will be subject to its own privacy policy.
Learn more about advertising ID in Windows
.
The advertising ID setting does not apply to other methods of interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft or third parties, such as cookies used to provide interest-based display ads on websites. Third-party products accessed through or installed on Windows may also deliver other forms of interest-based advertising subject to their own privacy policies. Microsoft delivers other forms of interest-based ads in certain Microsoft products, both directly and by partnering with third-party ad providers. For more information on how Microsoft uses data for advertising, see the
How we use personal data
section of this statement.
Back to top
Diagnostics
Microsoft collects Windows diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. It also helps us improve Windows and related Microsoft products and services. While the device is running, diagnostic data is collected and periodically transmitted to Microsoft and stored along with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device's service issues and use patterns.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data. Certain product documentation and other materials refer to Required diagnostic data as Basic diagnostic data and to Optional diagnostic data as Full diagnostic data.
If an organization (such as your employer or school) uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides to you and enrolls your device in the Windows diagnostic data processor configuration, Microsoft’s processing of diagnostic data in connection with Windows is governed by a contract between Microsoft and the organization. If an organization uses Microsoft management tools or engages Microsoft to manage your device, Microsoft and the organization will use and process diagnostic and error data from your device to allow the management, monitoring, and troubleshooting of your devices managed by the organization, and for other purposes of the organization.
Required diagnostic data
includes information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. We collect the following Required diagnostic data:
Device, connectivity, and configuration data:
Data about the device such as the processor type, OEM manufacturer, type of battery and capacity, number and type of cameras, firmware, and memory attributes.
Network capabilities and connection data such as the device’s IP address, mobile network (including IMEI and mobile operator), and whether the device is connected to a free or paid network.
Data about the operating system and its configuration such as the OS version and build number, region and language settings, diagnostics data settings, and whether the device is part of the Windows Insider program.
Data about connected peripherals such as model, manufacturer, drivers, and compatibility data.
Data about the applications installed on the device such as application name, version, and publisher.
Whether a device is ready for an update and whether there are factors that may impede the ability to receive updates, such as low battery, limited disk space, or connectivity through a paid network.
Whether updates complete successfully or fail.
Data about the reliability of the diagnostics collection system itself.
Basic error reporting, which is health data about the operating system and applications running on your device. For example, basic error reporting tells us if an application, such as Microsoft Paint or a third-party game, hangs or crashes.
Optional diagnostic data
includes more detailed information about your device and its settings, capabilities, and device health. Optional diagnostic data may also include data about the websites you browse, device activity (also sometimes referred to as usage), and enhanced error reporting that helps Microsoft to fix and improve products and services for all users. When you choose to send Optional diagnostic data, Required diagnostic data will always be included, and we collect the following additional information:
Additional data about the device, connectivity, and configuration, beyond that collected under Required diagnostic data.
Status and logging information about the health of operating system and other system components beyond that collected about the update and diagnostics systems under Required diagnostic data.
App activity, such as which programs are launched on a device, how long they run, and how quickly they respond to input.
Browser activity, including browsing history and search terms, in Microsoft browsers (Microsoft Edge or Internet Explorer).
Enhanced error reporting, including the memory state of the device when a system or app crash occurs (which may unintentionally contain user content, such as parts of a file you were using when the problem occurred).
Some of the data described above may not be collected from your device even if you choose to send Optional diagnostic data. Microsoft minimizes the volume of Optional diagnostic data it collects from all devices by collecting some of the data from only a subset of devices (sample). By running the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool, you can see an icon which indicates whether your device is part of a sample and also which specific data is collected from your device. Instructions for how to download the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool can be found in the Windows settings app under Diagnostics & feedback.
Specific data items collected in Windows diagnostics are subject to change to give Microsoft flexibility to collect the data needed for the purposes described. For example, to enable Microsoft to troubleshoot the latest performance issue impacting users’ computing experience or update a Windows device that is new to the market, Microsoft may need to collect data items that were not collected previously. For a current list of data types collected at
Required diagnostic data
and
Optional diagnostic data
, see
Windows Required (Basic level) diagnostic events and fields
or
Windows Optional (Full level) diagnostic data
. We provide limited portions of error report information to partners (such as the device manufacturer) to help them troubleshoot products and services which work with Windows and other Microsoft product and services. They are only permitted to use this information to repair or improve those products and services. We may also share some aggregated, de-identified diagnostic data, such as general usage trends for Windows apps and features, with selected third parties.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Inking and typing Recognition
. You also can choose to help Microsoft improve inking and typing recognition by sending inking and typing diagnostic data. If you choose to do so, Microsoft will collect samples of the content you type or write to improve features such as handwriting recognition, autocompletion, next word prediction, and spelling correction in the many languages used by Microsoft customers. When Microsoft collects inking and typing diagnostic data, it is divided into small samples and processed to remove unique identifiers, sequencing information, and other data (such as email addresses and numeric values) which could be used to reconstruct the original content or associate the input to you. It also includes associated performance data, such as changes you manually make to text, as well as words you've added to the dictionary.
Learn more about improving inking and typing in Windows
.
Back to top
Personalized offers
If you choose to turn on
Personalized offers
, we will use information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, in combination with your account info and data collected by other Microsoft products and services to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance your Windows experiences. Personalized offers include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware to enhance your Windows experiences. For example, Windows might tell you about new features to help you get the most out of your device. If you stream movies in your browser, Windows might recommend an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows might recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to add more storage.
When Personalized offers is on, Windows may use your required diagnostic data to personalize offers. This data may include information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have decided to share optional diagnostic data, the data used to personalize offers may also include information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. We may also use information about your device and your activity to personalize offers locally on your device, even when the data does not leave your device. We do not use the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalizing offers.
In addition to information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, we may use or combine the following data from other Microsoft products and your account with Windows diagnostic data to personalize offers:
Web activity, if you give Microsoft Edge permission to collect your web activity for personalized search, ads, and news.
Info about your use of other Microsoft products and services, including Microsoft Bing, Microsoft 365, Xbox, and Microsoft websites, such as MSN.com.
Subscription and purchase history.
Data from third-party websites which may be shared with Microsoft.
We may also use information about your interactions with tips, recommendations, and promotions to provide and improve the personalized offers and similar messages in other Microsoft products.
To manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers, you can visit your
Personalized ads and offers page
. The data we use to personalize offers may change over time, but this page will always have the latest list of data sources so you can make decisions on how your data is used by Microsoft. In some regions such as the European Economic Area, turning off Personalized offers on Windows also stops the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize tips, ads, and recommendations in Windows. In other regions, you can manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers by visiting your
Personalized ads and offers page
.
Contextual data from your device and some basic account data are used to show you appropriate messaging in Windows regardless of whether the Personalized offers setting or the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize offers are turned off. For example, this data is used to make sure content is in the correct language and appropriate for your age group.
Personalized offers applies to tips, offers, ads, and recommendations you see in Windows. Changing this setting will not impact the kinds of offers you may see in other Microsoft products. You can change this setting at any time by searching for
Personalized offers
in the Windows Settings app.
Learn more about personalized offers
.
Tailored experiences
Tailored experiences is being replaced by Personalized offers in more recent versions of Windows. If you have not installed the latest Windows Update, you may still see Tailored experiences on your device.
If you choose to turn on Tailored experiences, we will use your Windows diagnostic data (Required or Optional as you have selected) to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance Microsoft experiences. If you have selected Required as your diagnostic data setting, personalization is based on information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have selected Optional, personalization is also based on information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. However, we do not use information about the websites you browse, the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalization when we receive such data from customers who have selected Optional. Tailored experiences data is transmitted to Microsoft and stored with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device’s service issues and use patterns.
Tailored experiences include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware for your Windows experiences. For example, to help you get the most out of your device, we may tell you about features you may not know about or that are new. If you are having a problem with your Windows device, you may be offered a solution. You may be offered a chance to customize your lock screen with pictures, or to be shown more pictures of the kind you like, or fewer of the ones you do not. If you stream movies in your browser, you may be recommended an app from the Microsoft store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows may recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to gain more space.
Learn more about tailored experiences in Windows
.
Back to top
Feedback Hub
Feedback Hub provides a way to gather feedback on Microsoft products and installed first party and third-party apps. When you use Feedback Hub, Feedback Hub periodically reads the installed app list to determine apps for which feedback can be sent. Feedback Hub determines the apps installed in your device through public APIs. Additionally, for HoloLens, Feedback Hub uses your camera and microphone when you choose to share surroundings and audio input. It also uses picture and document library to access screenshots and screen recordings that you attach for sending as part of feedback.
You can sign into Feedback Hub using either your personal Microsoft account or an account provided by your organization (such as your employer or school) that you use to sign into Microsoft products. Signing in with your work or school account allows you to submit feedback to Microsoft in association with your organization. Any feedback you provide whether using your work or school account or personal Microsoft account may be publicly viewable depending on the settings configured by your organization’s administrators. Additionally, if feedback is provided using your work or school account, your feedback can be viewed through the Feedback Hub or via admin center by your organization’s administrators.
When you submit feedback to Microsoft about a problem or add more details to a problem, diagnostic data will be sent to Microsoft to improve Microsoft products and services. Depending on your Diagnostic data settings in the
Diagnostics & feedback
section of the Windows settings, Feedback Hub will either send diagnostic data automatically or you will have the option to send it to Microsoft at the time you provide feedback. Based on the category chosen when submitting feedback, there may be additional personal data collected that helps to further troubleshoot issues; for example, location related information when submitting feedback about location services or gaze related information when submitting feedback on Mixed Reality. Microsoft may also share your feedback along with the data collected when you submit your feedback with Microsoft partners (such as a device manufacturer, or firmware developer) to help them troubleshoot products and services that work with Windows and other Microsoft products and services.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Back to top
Get Help
Get Help enables Windows users to get technical support on Windows and other Microsoft applications.  It provides self-service support (such as links to help articles or directions on how Windows users can solve problems on their own), Diagnostics, and connecting the customer to a live Microsoft agent as appropriate. You can sign into the Get Help component with your Microsoft account to create a consumer support case.  Enterprise account users may also be permitted to create a customer support case depending on their organization’s support contract, and if enabled by their tenant administrator.
Get Help may suggest you run a Diagnostic. If you consent, diagnostic data is handled in accordance with the
Diagnostics
section.
If permitted by system settings, the system microphone may be used to capture the support question instead of your needing to type. You can control this in the “Microphone Privacy Settings” in the Windows Settings application. Get Help will also access your Application List to aid in opening the Feedback Hub to the correct app if you choose to start the feedback process within Get Help. All feedback will be entered and controlled by the Feedback Hub, as described in the Feedback Hub section of this Privacy Statement. Get Help does not use your location data as part of its services.
Back to top
Live captions
Live captions transcribe audio to help with the comprehension of spoken content. Live captions can generate captions from any audio containing speech, whether the audio is online, audio you have downloaded to your device, or audio received from your microphone. By default, transcribing microphone audio is disabled.
Voice data that is captioned is only processed on your device and is not shared to the cloud or with Microsoft.
Learn more about live captions
.
Back to top
Location services and recording
Windows location service
. Microsoft operates a location service that helps determine the precise geographic location of a specific Windows device. Depending on the capabilities of the device, the device’s location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. When you have enabled location on a Windows device, or you have given permission for Microsoft apps to access location information on non-Windows devices, data about cell towers and Wi-Fi access points and their locations is collected by Microsoft and added to the location database after removing any data identifying the person or device from which it was collected. This de-identified location information is used to improve Microsoft's location services.
Windows services and features, apps running on Windows, and websites opened in Windows browsers can access the device’s location through Windows if your settings allow them to do so. Some features and apps request location permission when you first install Windows, some ask the first time you use the app, and others ask every time you access the device’s location. For information about certain Windows apps that use the device’s location, see the
Windows apps
section of this privacy statement.
When an app or feature accesses the device’s location and you are signed in with a Microsoft account, your Windows device will also upload its location to the cloud where it is available across your devices to other apps or services that use your Microsoft account and for which you’ve granted permission. We will retain only the last known location (each new location replaces the previous one). Data about a Windows device's recent location history is also stored on the device even if not using a Microsoft account, and certain apps and Windows features can access this location history. You can clear your device's location history at any time in the Windows settings app.
In the Windows settings app, you can also view which apps have access to the device’s precise location or your device's location history, turn off or on access to the device’s location for particular apps, or turn off access to the device’s location. You can also set a default location, which will be used when the location service can’t detect a more exact location for your device.
There are some exceptions to how your device’s location can be determined that are not directly managed by the location settings.
Desktop apps are a specific type of app that won’t ask for separate permission to discover your device location information and won’t appear in the list that allows you to choose apps that can use your location. They can be downloaded from the Microsoft Store, downloaded from the internet, or installed with some type of media (such as a CD, DVD, or USB storage device). They’re opened using an .EXE, .MSI, or .DLL file, and they typically run on your device, unlike web-based apps (which run in the cloud).
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to determine your device’s location when the device’s location setting is off
.
Some web-based experiences or third-party apps that surface on Windows could use other technologies (such as Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, cellular modem, etc.) or cloud-based location services to determine your device’s location with varying degrees of accuracy even when you’ve turned off the device location setting.
In addition, to facilitate getting help in an emergency, whenever you make an emergency call, Windows will attempt to determine and share your precise location, regardless of your location settings. If your device has a SIM card or is otherwise using cellular service, your mobile operator will have access to your device’s location.
Learn more about location in Windows
.
General Location
. If you turn on Location services, apps that cannot use your precise location may still have access to your general location, such as your city, postal code, or region.
Find my device
. The Find my device feature allows an administrator of a Windows device to find the location of that device from account.microsoft.com/devices. To enable Find my device, an administrator needs to be signed in with a Microsoft account and have the location setting enabled. This feature will work even if other users have denied access to location for all their apps. When the administrator attempts to locate the device, users will see a notification in the notification area.
Learn more about Find my device in Windows
.
Recording
. Some Windows devices have a recording feature that allows you to capture audio and video clips of your activity on the device, including your communications with others. If you choose to record a session, the recording will be saved locally on your device. In some cases, you may have the option to transmit the recording to a Microsoft product or service that broadcasts the recording publicly.
Important: You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording and/or transmitting any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use recording features or your recordings.
Back to top
Narrator
Narrator is a built-in screen reader tool that helps you use Windows without a screen. Narrator offers intelligent image and page title description and web page summaries when you encounter undescribed images and ambiguous links.
When you choose to get an image description by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the image will be sent to Microsoft to perform analysis of the image and generate a description. Images are used only to generate the description and are not stored by Microsoft.
When you choose to get page title descriptions by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the page title description and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing services as described in the Bing section above.
When you choose to get a list of popular links for a web page by pressing Narrator + double press of S, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the summary of popular links and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing.
You can disable these features at any time by going to
Narrator>Get image descriptions, page titles and popular links
in Settings in Windows.
You can also send feedback about Narrator to help Microsoft diagnose and resolve problems with Narrator and improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows. Verbal feedback can be submitted at any time in Narrator by using Narrator Key + Alt + F. When you use this command, the Feedback Hub app will launch, giving you the opportunity to submit verbal feedback. If you enable the setting “Help Make Narrator Better” in the Windows settings app and submit verbal feedback through Feedback Hub, recent device and usage data, including event trace log (ETL) data, will be submitted along with your verbal feedback to improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows.
Back to top
Phone Link - Link to Windows
The Phone Link feature lets you link your Android phone with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone via Bluetooth to connect to your Windows PC. Your Android device will link with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone will link via Bluetooth, enabling a variety of cross-device experiences across all your Windows devices where you are signed in or connected via Bluetooth. You can use Phone Link to see recent photos from your Android phone on your Windows device; make and receive live calls from your Android phone on your Windows device; view and send text messages from your Windows device; view, dismiss, or perform other actions to your Android phone notifications from your Windows device; share your phone screen on your Windows device through Phone Link’s mirroring function; and instantly access Android apps installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. You can use Phone Link to make and receive calls from your iPhone, view and send text messages, and view, dismiss, or perform other actions on your iPhone notification from your Windows device.
To use Phone Link, Link to Windows must be installed on your Android device. You may also optionally download Phone Link to your iPhone.
To use Phone Link, you must log into your Microsoft account on the Phone Link feature on your Windows device and on Link to Windows on your Android phone or Bluetooth enabled on your iPhone. Your Android phone and your Windows device must be connected to the internet. Some features will require you to enable Bluetooth and pair your phone with your PC. To use the Calls feature, your Android phone must also have Bluetooth enabled.
During setting up your Windows device, you can choose to link your phone with your Microsoft account. This is done by signing into Link to Windows on your Android phone, granting permissions and completing the onboarding experience. Once complete, Link to Windows will sync your data to all your Windows PCs where you have signed into your Microsoft account. See below for details on how your data is used.
As part of providing Phone Link’s features to you, Microsoft collects performance, usage, and device data that includes, for example, the hardware capabilities of your mobile phone and Windows device, the number and duration of your sessions on Phone Link, and the amount of time you spent during setup.
You can unlink your Android phone from your Windows device at any time by going into your Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your Android phone. You can do the same from the settings in Link to Windows on your Android phone. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
You can unlink your iPhone from your Windows device at any time by going into Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your iPhone. You can do the same from your iPhone by going into
Settings > Bluetooth > Selecting your PC name > click on the (i) icon >
and choosing
Forget This Device
. All users can remove the Bluetooth pairing by disabling the experiences.
Text Messages – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your Android phone on your Windows device and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within the last 30 days are visible on your Windows device. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your Android phone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) on Android devices, and messages sent via RCS (Rich Communication Services) on select Samsung devices on select mobile operator networks. To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Text Messages – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your iPhone on your Windows devices and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within your Bluetooth session or iMessage are visible on your Windows devices. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your iPhone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service). To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Calls – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your Android phone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable certain permissions on both your Windows device and Android phone, such as call logs access and permission to make phone calls from your PC. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone's settings. Only calls received and dialed within the last 30 days are visible under call logs on your Windows device. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your Android phone.
Calls – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your iPhone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable Sync Contacts feature under Bluetooth settings on your iPhone. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your iPhone.
Photos – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to copy, share, edit, save, or delete photos from your Android phone on your Windows device. Only a limited number of your most recent photos from the Camera Roll and Screenshots folders on your Android phone will be visible on your Windows device at any given time. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows device and as you take more photos on your Android phone, we remove the temporary copies of the older photos from your Windows device. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your Android phone.
Notifications – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your Android phone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions, such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and Android phone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone’s settings. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
Notifications – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view your iPhone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your iPhone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and iPhone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your iPhone’s Bluetooth settings.
Phone Screen Mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices
, Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s screen on your Windows device. Your Android phone screen will be visible on your Windows device as a pixel stream and any audio that you enable on your Android phone screen while it is linked to your Windows device through Phone Link will play through your Android phone.
Apps mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to use your Android apps that are installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. For example, you can launch a music app in your Windows session and listen to audio from that app on your PC speakers. Microsoft collects a list of your installed Android apps and recent activity to provide the service and show you your most recently used apps. Microsoft does not store what apps you have installed or any of the information displayed by the app in your experience with it.
Content transfer – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to copy and paste contents such as files, documents, photos, etc. between your Android phone and your Windows device. You can transfer content from your Android phone to your Windows device and from your Windows device to your Android phone by drag and drop contents between the devices.
Instant Hotspot – Android devices.
On supported devices, Link to Windows enables users to share mobile hotspot information with their paired PC over secure Bluetooth communication. Your PC can then be connected to the internet through the Windows network flyout. Please note mobile data charges may apply depending on the mobile data plan you have.
Contacts sync – Android devices.
Link to Windows allows you to sync your Android contacts into the Microsoft cloud to access them in other Microsoft products and services. You can enable this feature by going into Link to Windows settings and enabling “Contacts sync” feature. Your contacts information is stored online and associated with your Microsoft account. You may choose to disable sync and delete these contacts at any time.
Learn more
.
Contacts sync – iPhone.
Phone Link allows you to sync your contacts from your iPhone to access them for messaging and calling. You can enable this feature by going into Bluetooth settings on your iPhone and toggle on Sync Contacts under your PC name after connecting your iPhone to Phone Link. You may choose to disable syncing at any time by toggling off Sync Contacts.
Text-to-voice.
Phone Link features include accessibility functionality such as text-to-voice. You can activate a text-to-voice feature, which allows you to hear the contents of a text message or notification as audio. If you activate this feature, your text messages and notifications will be read out loud as they are received.
Office Enterprise – Android Devices.
Link to Windows allows you to insert photos into web and desktop versions of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word directly from your mobile phone. This requires your IT Administrator to have enabled Optional Connected Experiences for Microsoft Office applications and you will need to associate your mobile device with your work or school account and provide Photos permission to your account. After onboarding, your session will last 15 minutes to enable you to transfer your Photos from your mobile device. To use this feature again, you will need to scan your QR code. Link to Windows does not collect your work or school account information or information about your Enterprise. In order to provide this service, Microsoft uses a cloud service to relay your files for the purpose of inserting the photos into web and desktop version of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word files.
Back to top
Cross-device experiences
Cross-device experiences in Windows allow you to access your mobile device from your PC using your Microsoft Account. These can be managed under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in your Windows PC Settings. As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects performance usage and device data, including information about the hardware capabilities of your mobile and Windows devices. You can turn this feature on or off at any time in your Windows PC Settings.
Use your mobile device as a connected camera.
This feature allows you to use your mobile device’s camera in apps or products on Windows that support camera functionality. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft does not record or store your camera sessions or any of the information displayed by your camera in any of the applications or products.
Get new photo notifications from your mobile device.
This feature allows you to receive notifications from your linked mobile device on your Windows PC. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows PC while you are editing or opening those photos. You will need to initiate saving to your PC to store those photos until you decide to delete them. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your mobile device.
Show your mobile device in File Explorer
. This feature allows you to access your mobile device’s files in File Explorer. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft will not store your file contents in its services.
Back to top
Security and safety features
Device encryption
. Device encryption helps protect the data stored on your device by encrypting it using BitLocker Drive Encryption technology. When device encryption is on, Windows automatically encrypts the drive Windows is installed on and generates a recovery key. The BitLocker recovery key for your personal device is automatically backed up online in your personal Microsoft OneDrive account. Microsoft doesn't use your individual recovery keys for any purpose.
Malicious Software Removal Tool
. The Malicious Software Removal Tool (MSRT) runs on your device at least once per month as part of Windows Update. MSRT checks devices for infections by specific, prevalent malicious software ("malware") and helps remove any infections found. When the MSRT runs, it will remove the malware listed on the Microsoft Support website if the malware is on your device. During a malware check, a report will be sent to Microsoft with specific data about malware detected, errors, and other data about your device. If you do not want MSRT to send this data to Microsoft, you can disable MSRT's reporting component.
Microsoft Family
. Parents can use Microsoft Family Safety to understand and set boundaries on how their child is using their device. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group. If you live in a region that requires permission to create an account to access Microsoft services, you may be prompted to request or give parental consent. If a user is under the statutory age in your region, during the registration process they will be prompted to request consent from a parent or guardian by entering an adult’s email. When Family activity reporting is turned on for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their device and provide parents with reports of that child's activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen and Smart App Control
. Microsoft strives to help protect your device and passwords from unsafe apps, files, and web content.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen helps protect you when using our services by identifying threats to you, your device, and your passwords. These threats might include potentially unsafe apps or web content that Microsoft Defender SmartScreen discovers while checking websites you visit, files you download, and apps you install and run. When Microsoft Defender SmartScreen checks web and app content, data about the content and your device is sent to Microsoft, including the full web address of the content. When additional analysis is needed to identify security threats, information about the suspicious website or app—such as content displayed, sounds played, and application memory—may be sent to Microsoft. This data will only be used for security purposes in detecting, protecting against, and responding to security incidents, identity theft, fraud, or other malicious, deceptive, or illegal activities. If Microsoft Defender SmartScreen detects that content is potentially unsafe, you will see a warning in place of the content. Microsoft Defender SmartScreen can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Where supported, Smart App Control helps check software that is installed and runs on your device to determine if it is malicious, potentially unwanted, or poses other threats to you and your device. On a supported device, Smart App Control starts in evaluation mode and the data we collect for Microsoft Defender SmartScreen such as file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates, is used to help determine whether your device is a good candidate to use Smart App Control for additional security protection. Smart App Control is not enabled and will not block during evaluation mode. Some devices may not be good candidates if Smart App Control would otherwise get in the way and interfere with a user’s otherwise intended and legitimate tasks – for instance, developers who use a lot of unsigned files. If you are a good candidate for Smart App Control, then it will automatically be turned on, and will provide additional protection to your device beyond Microsoft Defender SmartScreen. Otherwise, Smart App Control will be unavailable and permanently turned off. If your device is unsupported or not a good candidate for Smart App Control, Microsoft Defender SmartScreen will continue to help protect your device. When Smart App Control is enabled and identifies an app as malicious, potentially unwanted, or unknown and unsigned, it will block and notify you prior to opening, running, or installing the app.
Learn more about Smart App Control
.
When either Microsoft Defender SmartScreen or Smart App Control checks a file, data about that file is sent to Microsoft, including the file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates.
Smart App Control can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Microsoft Defender Antivirus
. Microsoft Defender Antivirus looks for malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content on your device. Microsoft Defender Antivirus is automatically turned on to help protect your device if no other antimalware software is actively protecting your device. If Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, it will monitor the security status of your device. When Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, or is running because Limited Periodic Scanning is enabled, it will automatically send reports to Microsoft that contain data about suspected malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content, and it may also send files that could contain malicious content, such as malware or unknown files for further inspection. If a report is likely to contain personal data, the report is not sent automatically, and you'll be prompted before it is sent. You can configure Microsoft Defender Antivirus not to send reports and suspected malware to Microsoft.
Back to top
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Speech
. Microsoft provides both a device-based speech recognition feature and cloud-based (online) speech recognition technologies.
Turning on the Online speech recognition setting lets apps use Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition. Additionally, in Windows 10, the Online speech recognition setting enables your ability to use dictation within Windows.
Turning on speech while setting up a HoloLens device or installing Windows Mixed Reality allows you to use your voice for commands, dictation, and app interactions. Both device-based speech recognition and online speech recognition settings will be enabled. With both settings enabled, while your headset is turned on the device will always be listening to your voice input and will send your voice data to Microsoft’s cloud-based speech recognition technologies.
When you use cloud-based speech recognition technologies from Microsoft, whether enabled by the Online speech recognition setting or when you interact with HoloLens or voice typing, Microsoft collects and uses your voice recordings to provide the speech recognition service by creating a text transcription of the spoken words in the voice data. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
You can use device-based speech recognition without sending your voice data to Microsoft. However, Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition technologies provide more accurate recognition than the device-based speech recognition. When the online speech recognition setting is turned off, speech services that do not rely on the cloud and only use device-based recognition—like live captions, Narrator, or voice access—will still work and Microsoft won’t collect any voice data.
You can turn off online speech recognition at any time. This will stop any apps that rely on the Online speech recognition setting from sending your voice data to Microsoft. If you are using a HoloLens or Windows Mixed Reality headset, you can also turn off device-based speech recognition at any time. This will stop the device from listening for your voice input.
Learn more about speech recognition in Windows
.
Voice Activation
. Windows provides supported apps with the ability to respond and take action based on voice keywords that are specific to that app.
If you’ve given permission for an app to listen for voice keywords, Windows will be actively listening to the microphone for these keywords. Once a keyword is recognized, the app will have access to your voice recording, can process the recording, take action, and respond, such as with a spoken answer. The app may send the voice recording to its own services in the cloud to process the commands. Each app should ask you for permission before accessing voice recordings.
Additionally, voice activation can be enabled when the device is locked. If enabled, the relevant app will continue listening to the microphone for voice keywords when you have locked your device and can activate for anyone who speaks near the device. When the device is locked, the app will have access to the same set of capabilities and information as when the device is unlocked.
You can turn off voice activation at any time.
Learn more about voice activation in Windows
.
Even when you’ve turned off voice activation, some third-party desktop apps and services could still be listening to the microphone and collect your voice input.
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to access your microphone even with these settings turned off
.
Voice typing
. In Windows 11, dictation has been updated and renamed as voice typing. Voice typing may use both device-based and online speech recognition technologies to power its speech-to-text transcription service. You can also choose to contribute voice clips to help improve voice typing. If you choose not to contribute voice clips, you can still use voice typing. You can change your selection anytime in the voice typing settings. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Voice access
. Windows enables everyone, including people with mobility disabilities, to control their PC and author text using their voice. For example, voice access supports scenarios like opening and switching between apps, browsing the web, and reading and authoring mail. Voice access leverages modern, on-device speech recognition to accurately recognize speech and is supported without an internet connection. When a user invokes voice access it uses the device microphone.
Learn more about voice access
.
Inking & Typing Personalization
. Your typed and handwritten words are collected to provide you with a custom word list, better character recognition to help you type and write on your device, and text suggestions that appear as you type or write.
You can turn off inking & typing personalization at any time. This will delete your customer word list stored on your device. If you turn it back on, you’ll need to recreate your custom word list.
Learn more about inking & typing personalization in Windows
.
Back to top
Sync and backup settings
When you sign into Windows with your Microsoft account, Windows can store your settings, files, and device configuration data in Microsoft’s servers. Windows will only use the stored settings, files, and device configuration data to make it easier for you to migrate your experience on a different device.
You can turn off this feature and stop Windows from storing your settings, files, and configuration data from the Windows settings. You can delete the data that has been backed up previously to your Microsoft account, by visiting
your Microsoft Account Devices page
.
Learn more about Windows backup and sync settings
.
Back to top
Update Services
Update Services for Windows includes Windows Update and Microsoft Update. Windows Update is a service that provides you with software updates for Windows software and other supporting software, such as drivers and firmware supplied by device manufacturers. Microsoft Update is a service that provides you with software updates for other Microsoft software such as Microsoft 365.
Windows Update automatically downloads Windows software updates to your device. You can configure Windows Update to automatically install these updates as they become available (recommended) or have Windows notify you when a restart is required to finish installing updates. Apps available through the Microsoft Store are automatically updated through the Microsoft Store, as described in the
Microsoft Store
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
This section applies to legacy versions of Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below). See the
Microsoft Edge
section of the Privacy Statement for information about non-legacy versions of Microsoft Edge.
Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows. Internet Explorer, the legacy browser from Microsoft, is also available in Windows. Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Additionally, data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Delete Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Web note
. Allows you to create ink and text annotations on the webpages you visit, and clip, save, or share them.
Active reading
. Allows you to create and manage reading lists, including websites or documents.
Hub
. Allows you to easily manage your reading lists, favorites, downloads, and history all in one area.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Some Microsoft browser information saved on your device will be synced across other devices when you sign in with your Microsoft account so you can access your data on all your signed-in browsers across your devices. For instance, in Internet Explorer, this information includes your browsing history and favorites; and in Microsoft Edge, it includes your favorites, reading lists, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), and may include data for extensions that you have installed. As an example, if you sync your Microsoft Edge reading list across devices, copies of the content you choose to save to your reading list will be sent to each synced device for later viewing. You can disable syncing in Internet Explorer by going to
Start
>
Settings
>
Accounts
>
Sync your settings
. (For more information, see the
Sync settings
section of this privacy statement.) You can also disable syncing of Microsoft Edge browser information by turning off the sync option in Microsoft Edge Settings.
Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer use your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search results. These features include:
Search suggestions
in Internet Explorer automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to your default search provider (such as Bing) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
Search and site suggestions
in Microsoft Edge automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to Bing (even if you have selected another default search provider) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
You can turn off these features at any time. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer send your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider when the app is used. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Windows AI Features
Click to Do
Click to Do can run in partnership with Recall or as a stand-alone feature. Once started, you can use Click to Do to capture and analyze screenshots and identify the presence of text and images, then allowing you to take relevant actions for each. For instance, Click to Do can give you options to edit a screenshot image, or revise or rework text that it captures. Click to Do is unable to identify the content of the text or images identified within a screenshot, but you can use local AI and other tools to modify the content if you wish. Everything remains on your local device unless you make an explicit choice, like sending an image off to Bing for a search, asking Click to Do to provide a summary of text the user has selected (in which case it will be sent to Microsoft’s Azure AI cloud service), or using another local AI or other tool to modify a Click to Do screenshot.
Click to Do also allows you to use your microphone to search for text within a capture screenshot. When you click on the microphone button, Click to Do starts listening to what’s said, which is entered into the Search box, and will highlight all the matches from the search. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Windows Recall
Recall is a Windows feature only available in CoPilot+ PCs that allows users to find things they've seen on their device using the text and visual clues they remember. To use Recall, a user must opt-in to save snapshots on their Copilot+ PC, which are images of everything open and visible on the user’s screen and include associated metadata such as the app name and time-date stamp. All data is stored locally on the device and is protected with Windows Hello Enhanced Sign-in Security (ESS), which provides more secure biometric sign-ins and helps ensure only the customer can have access to their information. Every time a user launches Recall they will be asked to authenticate using Windows Hello biometric sign-in or PIN before the contents of the snapshot folder will decrypt. Click to Do runs on top of snapshots in Recall and helps the user get things done faster by allowing them to take actions with their content, either images or text, on the screen. The analysis of snapshots is always performed locally on the device and the actions available to take change based on what kind of content is detected.
Recall also allows you to use your Copilot+ PC device microphone as a way to search for text within captured snapshots. When you click on the microphone button located inside the Search input box within the Recall window, it starts listening to what’s said and enters it into the Search box. The microphone remains in use until you pause your speech, at which point it is turned off until you explicitly press the microphone button again. All the matches from the search will be highlighted in the results. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Data captured by Recall including personal data (e.g., snapshots, metadata, processing results, and user queries) remain local to the device within your signed-in account on the Copilot+ PC, and is not transmitted off the device unless you take certain action. For example, if you copy and paste a snapshot into another app, or choose to include a snapshot when submitting feedback through the Windows Feedback Hub. The only way Recall content can be shared with anyone is by explicit on-device action taken by the user.
You can control your content (such as Snapshots, metadata, search queries, and history) by pausing or deleting snapshots, filtering content, or using a supported browser in privacy mode. Learn more about your privacy and control over your Recall experience
here
.
In addition to the Recall search feature, Recall also has a timeline, in which your snapshots are organized chronologically and visualized in a horizontal scrollbar that you can use to find and leverage your past activities on your PC. In addition to the features available within the timeline, you can delete snapshots from this view, either individually or by all snapshots containing a website domain (e.g., all from www.bing.com) or those from a specific app.
Recall also has a Sensitive Content filter that is on by default to help prevent the retention of information that might be more delicate in nature (e.g., credit card numbers, state issued ID numbers, etc.). Users can turn this filter off if they wish in Windows Settings.
Back to top
Windows apps
A number of Microsoft apps are included with Windows and others are available in Microsoft Store. Some of those apps include:
Maps app
. The Maps app provides location-based services and uses Bing services to process your searches within the Maps app. When the Maps app has access to your location, and you have enabled location-based services in Windows, when you use the “@” key to initiate a search in supported text boxes in Windows apps, Bing services collects the text you type after the “@” key to provide location-based suggestions. To learn more about these Bing-powered experiences, see the
Bing
section of this privacy statement. When the Maps app has access to your location, even when the app is not in use, Microsoft may collect de-identified location data from your device to improve Microsoft services. You can disable the Maps app's access to your location by turning off the location service or turning off the Maps app's access to the location service.
You can keep track of your favorite places and recent map searches in the Maps app. Your favorite places and search history will be included as search suggestions. If you grant the Maps app access to your camera, you’ll be able to capture the location of where your photos took place – for instance, a photo of your car will also tell you where your car is parked. You can also share your location with other people in your contacts. If you're signed in with your Microsoft account, your favorite places, search history, and certain app settings will be synced across other devices and services. For more information, see the
Sync and backup settings
section of this privacy statement.
Camera app
. If you allow the Camera app to use your location, location data is embedded in the photos and videos you take with your device. Other descriptive data, such as camera model and the date that the picture or video was taken, is also embedded in photos and videos. If you choose to share a photo or video, any embedded data will be accessible to the people and services you share with. Once enabled, you can always disable the Camera app's access to your location by turning off all access to the location service in your device's Settings menu or turning off the Camera app's access to the location service.
When the Camera app is open, it shows rectangles detected by the selected camera for areas in the image that are potentially used for image enhancement. The Camera app does not retain any image enhancing data. You can always change your camera access settings in the Windows Settings menu. The Camera app uses various device capabilities such as location, camera, microphone, video, and picture library. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Photos app
. There are two versions of the Photos app available. The updated Photos app includes features like iCloud integration and local and cloud folder views. The previous legacy version of the Photos app includes features like Video Editor, the People tab, and Albums. You are using the updated Photos app if the “About” section in the Photos app settings indicates the app is the “Updated” Photos app. In some cases, a user may have both the updated Photos app and the Photos legacy version downloaded on their device.
The updated Photos app helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. For example, the Photos app presents different ways to group photos and videos by name, date taken, or date modified, and also in folders where those files are stored, such as stored locally on your device or synced to your device from OneDrive, iCloud, and other cloud services. The app also allows you to move, copy or upload files to different locations on your computer or to OneDrive. The All Photos tab displays your locally stored or synced photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Favorites tab lets you view photos and videos you previously liked or favorited. The Folders tab allows you to view photos or videos by their storage location. There are also tabs where you can see your photos and videos from available cloud services (such as OneDrive and other third-party services) that you have synced to your device.
The Photos legacy app also helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. However, if you are using the Photos legacy app, you may see other features that are not available in the newer version of the Photos app, including Collections, Albums, Video Editor and the People setting. The Collection tab displays photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Albums tab helps you organize your photos and videos by location and common tags. The Video Editor allows you to edit, create, and share videos.
The People setting can be enabled on the Photos legacy app's Settings page and in the People tab of the app. When enabled, the Photos legacy app will use face grouping technology to organize your photos and videos into groups. The grouping feature can detect faces in a photo or video and determine whether they are visually similar to faces in other photos and videos in your local photo collection. You can choose to associate a facial grouping with a contact from your People app.
When enabled in the Photos legacy app, your groupings will be stored on your device for as long as you choose to keep the groupings or the photos or videos. If the People setting is turned on, there will be a prompt to allow the Photos legacy app to continue to permit facial groupings after three years of non-interaction with the Photos legacy app. At any time, you can go to the Settings page in the Photos legacy app to turn the People setting on or off. Turning the feature off will remove facial grouping data from the Photos legacy app but will not remove your photos or videos.
Learn more about the Photos legacy app and facial grouping
.
If you choose to share a photo or video using the Photos app or the Photos legacy app, any embedded data (such as location, camera model, and date) will be accessible to the people and services you share the photo or video with.
People app
. The People app lets you see and interact with all your contacts in one place. When you add an account to the People app, your contacts from your account will be automatically added to the People app. You can add other accounts to the People app, including your social networks (such as Facebook and Twitter) and email accounts. When you add an account, we tell you what data the People app can import or sync with the particular service and let you choose what you want to add. Other apps you install may also sync data to the People app, including providing additional details to existing contacts. When you view a contact in the People app, information about your recent interactions with the contact (such as emails and calendar events, including from apps that the People app syncs data from) will be retrieved and displayed to you. You can remove an account from the People app at any time.
Mail and Calendar app
. The Mail and Calendar app allows you to connect all your email, calendars, and files in one place, including those from third-party email and file storage providers. The app provides location-based services, such as weather information in your calendar, but you can disable the app’s use of your location. When you add an account to the Mail and Calendar app, your email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other settings from your account will automatically sync to your device and to Microsoft servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that’s synced from your account. To configure an account, you must provide the app with the account credentials (such as user name and password), which will be sent over the internet to the third-party provider’s server. The app will first attempt to use a secure (SSL) connection to configure your account but will send this information unencrypted if your email provider does not support SSL. If you add an account provided by an organization (such as a company email address), the owner of the organizational domain can implement certain policies and controls (for example, multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that may affect your use of the app. This app uses your device capabilities such as location, camera. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Windows Operator Messages (previously Microsoft Messaging) app
. The Windows Operator Messages app receives and shows account-related SMS texts from your mobile operator about your data plan (such as your billing and data limits) on your PC or device. These messages are stored locally on your device. From your device, you can also access, view, and delete these messages. This app uses your device capabilities such as Contacts. Please visit Microsoft Store on Windows to learn more.
The Clock app
is your hub for time management and focus on Windows. When users sign in with their Microsoft account they can enable Microsoft To Do which is a cloud connected experience. When the user turns on Focus Session, session data is stored locally and user can clear it by going to the clock settings page. Additionally, Focus Sessions supports connecting to Spotify accounts to listen to ambient audio to help users focus. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Journal
is a Windows application specifically designed for touch-focused, pen-capable devices such as tablets and 2-in-1 devices. It provides users with freeform personal note-taking experience. The app leverages artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning to better recognize your handwriting that processes data locally on your device. When connected to Microsoft 365 (subscription required), users can seamlessly access their M365 calendar and contacts within the app. All user created content is automatically saved at the default save location in the document library for future reference. Journal lets you access photos library and the device camera and microphone so that you can add them to a workbook. Learn about Journal app
here
or visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Mobile plans
app helps you get online easily and in more places on your Windows 10 PC and 11 LTE devices. Upon signing up for a data plan on your device, it establishes a connection with the mobile operator, enabling you to complete purchases through the mobile operator’s online portal. You will need a supported SIM card in order to use this app. The Mobile Plan App will use your IMEI, IMSI, EID, ICCID, and Country (coarse location determined by Cellular Network ID or Wi-Fi Reverse IP) to determine which mobile operators are available in your area. The mobile operator may send notifications to users through the Mobile Plans App. This app uses your device’s capabilities such as its camera and microphone. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft PC Manager
is available in select regions and is a desktop tool aimed at boosting your PC’s performance. Based on your request, PC Manager will scan your device, and allows you to delete unneeded or temporary documents, optimize cache, stop or recover from unauthorized changes, or use other features such as health check, one-click boost, storage clean-up, file and pop-up management, and protection of your default settings.
PC Manager will block pop-ups based on ad-block rules and the pop-up windows selected by you through custom block. If you agree to join the “Microsoft PC Manager Pop-up Plan,” when you block pop-up windows through custom block, you can help us optimize the pop-up management feature of Microsoft PC Manager by taking screenshots of the pop-up and sending them to Microsoft. Microsoft does not collect information other than screenshots, Windows title, and the class of Windows. Screenshots sent are only retained for a short period of time and regularly deleted. You can manage your Pop-Up Plan preferences through the PC Manager settings at anytime. The feedback feature in PC Manager may also process personal data if you include it in the feedback you provide to Microsoft. The feedback from users is regularly deleted after processing. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Snipping Tool
is a handy utility in Windows that uses your microphone and pictures library to capture and store screenshots and screen recordings. The Snipping Tool includes a Text Action feature, which uses built-in optical character recognition (OCR) support. You can select and copy text directly from images using OCR. Additionally, you can use the Text Action feature to redact sensitive information from captured text. With clipboard integration items copied from the Snipping Tool are also copied to your clipboard. If you enable clipboard history across devices, the copied content can be used seamlessly across different devices. Users can manage their clipboard and snipping preferences through the Windows settings. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Sound Recorder app
is a versatile tool designed for capturing audio via your microphone in various scenarios. While recording, you can mark key moments to easily locate important sections later. You can also trim, adjust volume levels, or apply other modifications as needed, and playback your recordings. Your recordings are autosaved and stored in your Documents folder for easy access, and you can share your recorded audio with friends and family. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Clipchamp
is a video editor designed to make video creation easy. It allows users to combine videos, images, and audio files, as well as add text and effects, and then save the finished video to their device, or store their videos in their personal OneDrive via their Microsoft account. Users can also add stock videos and stock music or sound effects, stickers, graphical elements, backgrounds, and more. Users can choose to allow Clipchamp to access their camera and microphone to record videos directly from their device. To provide a better experience, such as which language to display to you, Clipchamp will collect your imprecise location. Users can access Clipchamp with a personal or family Microsoft account via the Clipchamp app for Windows 10 or Windows 11 and in the Edge or Chrome browser at
https://app.clipchamp.com
.
Media Player
is the default built-in player of multimedia (audio and video) files. When you choose to open a multimedia file, Media Player will read the contents of that file. When you open Media Player, it will read the contents of your Music library and Video library folders to populate its own Music library and Video library pages inside the Media Player to help you organize, view, and play multimedia content.
To enrich your experience when playing music, Media Player will automatically attempt to display artist art and album art for the content you play and the content in your music library. To provide this information, Media Player sends an information request to Microsoft containing standard device data, such as your device IP address, device software version, your regional and language settings, and an identifier for the content. If desired, this feature can be disabled on the app’s Settings page.
Movies and TV.
Microsoft Movies & TV allows you to rent or buy movies and TV episodes, and play them on your device.
To help you discover content that may interest you, Movies & TV will collect data about what movies and TV shows you watch, including the length of play and any ratings you give.
Movies & TV can also display and play local video files stored on your PC. To do this, it needs access to the video library on your device.
Windows Media Player Legacy.
When you use Windows Media Player Legacy, it can read media content such as video, audio, and picture files which allows you to play CDs and other digital content (such as video and audio files), rip CDs, and manage your media library. To enrich your experience when you play content in your library, Windows Media Player Legacy displays related media information, such as album title, song titles, album art, artist, and composer. To augment your media information, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a request to Microsoft which contains standard computer information, an identifier for the media content, and the media information already contained in your Windows Media Player Legacy library (including information you may have edited or entered yourself) so that Microsoft can recognize the track and then return additional information that is available.
Windows Media Player Legacy also allows you to play back content that is streamed to you over a network. To provide this service, it is necessary for Windows Media Player Legacy to communicate with a streaming media server. These servers are typically operated by non-Microsoft content providers. During playback of streaming media, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a log to the streaming media server or other web server(s) if the streaming media server requests it. The log includes such details as: connection time, IP address, operating system version, Windows Media Player Legacy version, Player identification number (Player ID), date, and protocol. To protect your privacy, Windows Media Player Legacy defaults to sending a Player ID that is different for each session.
Back to top
Windows Hello
Windows Hello provides instant access to your devices through biometric authentication. If you turn it on, Windows Hello uses your face, fingerprint, or iris to identify you based on a set of unique points or features that are extracted from the image and stored on your device as a template—but it does not store the actual image of your face, fingerprint, or iris. Biometric verification data that's used when you sign in doesn't leave your device. Your biometric verification data will remain on your device until you remove it. However, after a significant period of Windows Hello inactivity, you will be prompted to confirm that you want to continue to store your biometric verification data. You can delete your biometric verification data from within Settings. Learn more about
Windows Hello
.
Back to top
Windows Search
Windows Search lets you search your stuff and the web from one place. If you choose to use Windows Search to search "your stuff," it will provide results for items on your personal OneDrive, your OneDrive for Business if so enabled, other cloud storage providers to the extent supported by those third-party providers, and on your device. If you choose to use Windows Search to search the web, or get search suggestions with Windows Search, your search results will be powered by Bing and we will use your search query as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Learn more about search in Windows
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Entertainment and related services
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Xbox
The Xbox network is the online gaming and entertainment service from Microsoft that consists of software and enables online experiences across different platforms. This service lets you find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When you sign up for an Xbox profile, we assign you a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you sign in on Xbox devices, apps, and services, the data we collect about your use is stored using these unique identifier(s).
Xbox consoles are devices you can use to find and play games, movies, music, and other digital entertainment. When you sign in to Xbox experiences—in apps or on a console—we also assign a unique identifier to your device. When your Xbox console is connected to the internet, for instance, and you sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system you’re using.
Data we collect
about your use of Xbox services, games, apps, and consoles includes:
When you sign in and sign out of Xbox, any purchases you make, and content you obtain.
Which games you play and apps you use, your game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and your network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content you add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video you capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections you make (friends you add and people who follow you) on the Xbox network.
If you sign in to use Xbox on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time you sign in to Xbox, even if you’ve been playing offline.
Data we collect enables us to provide you with our services and with curated experiences. This includes connecting you to games, content, and services, as well as presenting you with offers, discounts, and recommendations. To change your settings for these recommendations, visit
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
page.
Camera and Microphone
. While using Xbox, players can use the device’s capabilities such as the microphone, camera and screen recording to improve their gaming experience. When an Xbox game is played in the Windows Game Bar, the camera and microphone may be used, including to read photos and videos and to capture and record screenshots.
Xbox diagnostic data
. Diagnostic data has two categories: required and optional.
Required
. Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. The minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Optional data is additional data that you choose to share with Microsoft. Optional data may include additional details about the operation, usage, and performance of your Xbox products and services, as well as enhanced error reporting.
Learn more at
Manage settings for optional data sharing
.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, all voice communication in the party is captioned for the player. Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it, as well as the other purposes described in this statement.
Xbox data viewable by others
. Your gamertag, game and play statistics, achievements, presence (whether you are currently signed in to Xbox), content you share, and other data about your activity on Xbox can be seen by:
Other players signed in to Xbox.
Customers of third-party services you’ve linked your profile to, or
Other services associated with Xbox (including those of partner companies).
For example, your gamertag and scores that show on game leaderboards are considered public and cannot be hidden. For other data, you can adjust your privacy settings on consoles and at
Xbox.com
to limit or block what is shared with the public or with friends.
Learn more at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Xbox data shared with third parties including game and apps publishers
. When you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about your usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game, types of vehicles used in-game), your presence on the Xbox network, the time you spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs you belong to, official club memberships, and any content you create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use the data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from game or app detail pages in the Microsoft Store.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where you have installed them. Some publisher access to your data may be revoked at
https://microsoft.com/consent
.
Children and family
. If you have kids who want to use the Xbox network, you can set up child and teen profiles for them once they have Microsoft accounts. Adult organizers in your Microsoft family group can change consent choices and online safety settings for child and teen profiles on
Xbox.com
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles, at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
For more information about Microsoft’s collection of data from children, including Xbox, please see the
Collection of data from children
section of this privacy statement.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips you upload, conversations you have, and things you post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how you use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data to keep your console functioning as expected while using a console connected to the Xbox network.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign you in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your console at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you that helps Kinect enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
Back to top
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Store is an online service, accessible via PC, the Xbox Console and the Xbox App, that allows you to browse, download, purchase, rate, and review applications and other digital content. It includes:
Apps and content for Windows devices such as phones, PCs, and tablets.
Games, subscriptions and other apps for Xbox consoles and other devices.
Products and apps for Microsoft 365, SharePoint, Exchange, Access, and Project (2013 versions or later).
We collect data about how you access and use Microsoft Store; the products you've viewed, purchased, or installed; the preferences you set for viewing apps in Microsoft Store; and any ratings, reviews, or problem reports you submit. Your Microsoft account is associated with your ratings and reviews; and if you write a review, the name and picture from your Microsoft account will be published with your review. Microsoft Store uses the region configured on your device to show relevant and eligible content and merchandising. Microsoft Store uses your device identifier to manage product rights tied to a specific device.
Permission for Microsoft Store apps
. Many apps you install from the Microsoft Store are designed to take advantage of specific hardware and software features of your device. An app's use of certain hardware and software features may give the app or its related service access to your data. For example, a photo editing app might access your device's camera to let you take a new photo or access photos or videos stored on your device for editing, and a restaurant guide might use your location to provide nearby recommendations. Information about the features that an app uses is provided on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store. Many of the features that Microsoft Store apps use can be turned on or off through your device’s privacy settings. In Windows, in many cases, you can choose which apps can use a particular feature. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
, select the feature (for example, Calendar), and then select which app permissions are on or off. The lists of apps in Windows privacy settings that can use hardware and software features will not include "Classic Windows" applications, and these applications are not affected by these settings.
App updates
. Unless you have turned off automatic app updates in the relevant Microsoft Store settings or have acquired an app provided and updated by the app developer, Microsoft Store will automatically check for, download, and install app updates to verify that you have the latest versions. Updated apps might use different Windows hardware and software features from the previous versions, which could give them access to different data on your device. You will be prompted for consent if an updated app accesses certain features, such as location. You can also review the hardware and software features an app uses by viewing its product description page in Microsoft Store.
Each app's use of your data collected through any of these features is subject to the app developer's privacy policies. If an app available through Microsoft Store collects and uses any of your personal data, the app developer is required to provide a privacy policy, and a link to the privacy policy is available on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store.
Sideloaded apps and developer mode
. Developer features such as the "developer mode" setting are intended for development use only. If you enable developer features, your device may become unreliable or unusable, and expose you to security risks. Downloading or otherwise acquiring apps from sources other than Microsoft Store, also known as "sideloading" apps, may make your device and personal data more vulnerable to attack or unexpected use by apps. Windows policies, notifications, permissions, and other features intended to help protect your privacy when apps access your data may not function as described in this statement for sideloaded apps or when developer features are enabled.
Back to top
Microsoft Start
Microsoft Start (formerly known as MSN or Microsoft News) is a content service that includes news, weather, sports, and finance. The Microsoft Start app is available on various platforms, including iOS and Android. The Microsoft Start service is also included within other Microsoft services, including the Microsoft Edge browser and widgets on Windows.
When you install the Microsoft Start, MSN Weather, or Microsoft News apps, we collect data that tells us if the app was installed properly, the installation date, the app version, and other data about your device such as the operating system and browser. This data is collected on a regular basis to help us determine the number of app users and identify performance issues associated with different app versions, operating systems, and browsers. When you use the weather app, we use your location to provide you with relevant weather content.
We also collect data about how you interact with Microsoft Start content, such as usage frequency and articles viewed, to provide you with relevant content. Microsoft Start provides an enhanced experience when you sign in with your Microsoft account, including allowing you to customize your interests and favorites. We use your location to provide you with relevant content such as local weather and news. You can manage personalization through Microsoft Start and Bing settings, as well as through settings in other Microsoft services that include Microsoft Start services. We also use the data we collect to provide you with advertisements that may be of interest to you. You can opt out of interest-based advertising through the advertising links within Microsoft Start services, or by visiting the Microsoft
opt-out page
.
Previous versions of MSN Money allow you to access personal finance information from third-party financial institutions. MSN Money only displays this information and does not store it on our servers. Your sign-in credentials used to access your financial information from third parties are encrypted on your device and are not sent to Microsoft. These financial institutions, as well as any other third-party services you access through MSN services, are subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
Back to top
Silverlight
Microsoft Silverlight helps you to access and enjoy rich content on the Web. Silverlight enables websites and services to store data on your device. Other Silverlight features involve connecting to Microsoft to obtain updates, or to Microsoft or third-party servers to play protected digital content.
Silverlight Configuration tool
. You can make choices about these features in the Silverlight Configuration tool. To access the Silverlight Configuration tool, right click on content that is currently being displayed by Silverlight and select
Silverlight
. You can also run the Silverlight Configuration tool directly. In Windows, for example, you can access the tool by searching for "Microsoft Silverlight."
Silverlight application storage
. Silverlight-based applications can store data files locally on your computer for a variety of purposes, including saving your custom settings, storing large files for graphically intensive features (such as games, maps, and images), and storing content that you create within certain applications. You can turn off or configure application storage in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Silverlight updates
. Silverlight will periodically check a Microsoft server for updates to provide you with the latest features and improvements. A small file containing information about the latest Silverlight version will be downloaded to your computer and compared to your currently installed version. If a newer version is available, it will be downloaded and installed on your computer. You can turn off or configure updates in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Digital Rights Management
. Silverlight uses Microsoft Digital Rights Management (DRM) technology to help protect the rights of content owners. If you access DRM-protected content (such as music or video) with Silverlight, it will request media usage rights from a rights server on the Internet. In order to provide a seamless playback experience, you will not be prompted before Silverlight sends the request to the rights server. When requesting media usage rights, Silverlight will provide the rights server with an ID for the DRM-protected content file and basic data about your device, including data about the DRM components on your device such as their revision and security levels, and a unique identifier for your device.
DRM updates
. In some cases, accessing DRM-protected content will require an update to Silverlight or to the DRM components on your device. When you attempt to play content that requires a DRM update, Silverlight will send a request to a Microsoft server containing basic data about your device, including information about the DRM components on your computer such as their revision and security levels, troubleshooting data, and a unique identifier for your device. The Microsoft server uses this identifier to return a unique DRM update for your device, which will then be installed by Silverlight. You can turn off or configure DRM component updates on the
Playback
tab in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Back to top
Windows Mixed Reality
Windows Mixed Reality allows you to enable a virtual reality experience that immerses you in apps and games. Mixed Reality uses a compatible headset’s camera, microphone, and infrared sensors to enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay and to navigate apps and games.
Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Mixed Reality running on Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve Mixed Reality and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
Mixed Reality also processes and collects data specifically related to the Mixed Reality experiences, such as:
Mixed Reality maps distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you. If you are connected to the Internet, we collect those numeric values to enable and improve your experience.
Mixed Reality detects specific hand gestures intended to perform simple system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your PC and is not stored.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands to control games, apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
Windows Mixed Reality can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Back To Top
Sub-policy 1
https://www.logmein.com/de/trust/privacy:
Die gesuchte Seite wurde leider nicht gefunden.
Produkte:
LogMeIn Resolve (GoTo Resolve)
LogMeIn Rescue
LogMeIn Pro
LogMeIn Central
LogMeIn Miradore
GoToMyPC
Das passende Produkt finden
Zurück zur Startseite
Vertrieb kontaktieren
Blog aufrufen
Sub-policy 2
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 3
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 4
https://www.fastly.com/privacy/:
Fastly
EN
EN
JA
ES
DE
FR
Under Attack?
(844) 4FASTLY
Support Center
Log in
Why?
Products
Services
Solutions
Devs
Partners
Resources
Pricing
Talk to an expert
Try Fastly Free
EN
EN
JA
ES
DE
FR
Menu
Privacy Policy
Published on
: October 27, 2024
1. INTRODUCTION AND SCOPE
This privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) covers and describes how Fastly, Inc. and its subsidiaries (“Fastly”, “We” or “Us”) collect, use, share, secure and disclose the personal data we collect from individuals who interact with www.fastly.com and our websites that link to this Privacy Policy or who initiate communications with us (“Visitors”), individuals who sign-up for and register for products and services (“Customers”), individuals who register to use our products and services on behalf of a Customer (“Users”) individuals who register for or attend our marketing events or receive our marketing emails (“Attendees”) and individuals who submit an application for a career opportunity at Fastly (“Job Applicants”).
Our websites, apps, and services are designed for businesses and their representatives. We do not target consumers – individuals who seek to use products and services for their personal or household use.  Accordingly, we treat all personal data we collect as pertaining to individuals in their business capacity and not their individual capacity.
Fastly as a Data Processor or Service Provider.
In their use of our products and services, Customers and their Users may submit content, configurations and credentials to Fastly to be processed. The security and privacy practices governing our Customers’ (and our Customers’ Internet clients’) use of our services and how we store, process, transmit and disclose the data submitted to the services by our Customers are described in and governed by our service contracts with our Customers. Our terms of service are available
here
. Our data processing terms are available
here
. To the extent a Customer submits to the services the personal data of European persons (including the United Kingdom and Switzerland) or other persons who are protected by similar data privacy laws, Fastly processes that personal data as a data processor or as the Customer’s sub-processor (as the case may be). Customers are solely responsible for establishing the policies governing, and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations related to, the Customer’s (and the Customer’s Internet client’s) collection and submission of personal data to our services. Any personal data about an individual (i.e., a “data subject”) hosted, stored, or published by a Customer is the responsibility of the Customer and is not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Fastly acknowledges that you may have the right to access your personal data. Fastly has no direct relationship with the data subjects whose personal data we process on behalf of our Customers. An individual who seeks to access, correct, amend, or delete personal data about them that we process on behalf of our Customers should direct their requests or queries to our Customer (i.e., the data controller). In addition, we will forward to the applicable Customer any request by a data subject received by Fastly regarding personal data processed on behalf of that Customer.
Fastly as a Data Controller
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect and how we collect, use, disclose, and protect the personal data of our Visitors, Customers, Users, Attendees, and Job Applicants, as well as the choices available to you regarding that information.
International Data Transfers
When Fastly operates as a data controller (i.e., when we determine the manner, purposes and means of the processing of others’ personal information), Fastly may collect from, transfer to, or process, and store your personal information in the United States and other countries other than the country where you live. When we transfer personal data from the EU, Switzerland, or UK to any other country, we will do so according to an adequate mechanism of transfer as required by applicable laws or regulations.
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Fastly complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Fastly has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Fastly has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
If you are located in the EU, UK or Switzerland, you have the right to request access to the personal data that we hold about you and request that we correct, amend or delete your personal data if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the Frameworks' principles. We will give you an opportunity to opt out where personal data we control about you is to be disclosed to an independent third party or used for a purpose that is materially different from those set out in this Privacy Policy. If you would like to exercise any of your rights, please contact us via the details provided below.
In compliance with the Framework,  Fastly commits to resolve DPF principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPFs should first contact us by emailing abuse@fastly.com or via mail to: Fastly, Inc. 475 Brennan St #300, San Francisco, CA 94107, Attn: Data Protection Officer. We will respond to your inquiry within 45 days of receipt and verification of your identity.
In addition Fastly commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the EU DPA Panel, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the European Union. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of EU DPA Panel are provided at no cost to you.
If your DFP complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, you may invoke binding arbitration for residual claims not fully or partially resolved by other redress mechanisms. For more detailed information about binding arbitration, visit the Data Privacy Framework website, found
here
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Fastly’s  compliance with the Frameworks.  We may be required to disclose personal information we receive under the Frameworks in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Fastly is liable for the processing of personal information it receives under the Frameworks’ principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Fastly shall remain liable under the Frameworks' principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Frameworks’ principles unless Fastly proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
2. FASTLY COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
2.1. What categories and specific types of personal data does Fastly collect?
Information that we collect from or about you includes the following:
Categories of collected personal data
Description
Identification and Contact Information
Details such as name, postal address, e-mail address, or telephone number, either actively or passively, and billing information such as credit card number and tax address.
Professional Information
Information that you provide when you fill in forms on our websites, such as your job title, credit card number, and other contact details. Information you provide as a contributing user that is published or displayed (hereafter, referred to as “posted”) on public areas of our websites, or transmitted to other users of our websites or third parties. Your user contributions are posted and may be accessed by others at your own risk. Information you provide when applying for a job with Fastly, including your résumé.
Transactional Data
Details of financial transactions you carry out through our websites and applications, or related to orders of our services, such as credit card information, or in connection with planning and hosting corporate events, such as reservations and hospitality.
Technical Data
Information about your Internet connection and Internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, the equipment you use to access our websites and applications, time zone settings and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and other technology on the devices you use to access or use our websites.
Marketing and Communications Data
Your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our partners and your communication preferences and consents. Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes. Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses, IRC handles, and Twitter handles), if you contact us. This information may contain contact details you include within your correspondence.
Behavioral Data
Inferred or assumed information relating to your behavior and interests, based on your online activity and your use of our websites.
We do not collect any “Special Categories of Personal Data'' or Sensitive Information as defined by California Consumer Privacy Act about you. This includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, financial account information (other than credit card information that you submit in connection with your purchase of Fastly services), precise geo-locationation data, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses.
Legal Basis and Purpose for Processing Personal Data
Where we process personal data as a processor or a service provider pursuant to service contracts with our Customers, we only process personal data on the instructions of the Customer, and only as necessary, appropriate and customary to provide our services.
If you are an individual located in the European Economic Area (EEA) or an individual whose personal data is protected by laws similar to the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), our legal basis and purpose for collecting and using the personal data described above in this Section 2.1 will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal data from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so, (b) where we need the personal data to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the services you have requested), or (c) where the processing is in our or a third party’s legitimate interests (and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms). In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal data from you or may otherwise need the personal data to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
Examples of Legitimate Basis and Purpose for Collecting Your Personal Data
In connection with your use of our services, we collect and process personal data to perform our contractual obligations related to the services that you have requested. Where we collect personal data in connection with operating our websites and services, we have a legitimate interest in ensuring our websites, services and associated networks and IT systems operate properly and securely. Where you have requested to receive information about our products, services and business or other marketing communications, then we process personal data based upon our legitimate interest in engaging in direct marketing with Visitors, Customers, Users, Attendees, individuals and companies that have requested to receive information from us.
Where you have responded to a job posting on our websites, we collect and process personal data as part of our consideration of your application. Where we rely on your consent to process the personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time. Please note that this does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Where we collect data about online behavior, including through the use of cookies, we have a legitimate interest in providing you with an optimal user experience and understanding and analyzing how Visitors interact with our website. You can find more about the use of cookies in our websites, please read and review our Cookie Policy found
here
.
2.2 How does Fastly collect my personal data?
Fastly collects your information both actively and passively (in accordance with our
Cookie Policy
) as you interact with our websites or contact us.
Fastly may directly collect personal data you provide us in the following ways:
When you complete forms on our websites, such as registering an account, subscribing to a service, posting a comment or applying for a job.
When you create an account to use our services or create a new user for that account.
When you complete transactions through our websites, such as fulfilling an order for our services.
When you perform search queries on our websites.
When you post messages on our websites, either in public areas or directly to other users or third parties.
When you use our publicly accessible blogs.
When you contact us outside of our websites, such as via email or Twitter.
When you request assistance from our Support team.
When you respond to surveys we ask you to complete for research purposes.
When you provide information that will be posted or displayed on public areas of our websites.
When you transmit information to other users of our websites or third parties as a user contribution.
When you register for or attend our marketing activities.
When you submit an entry to a sweepstakes or contest that we sponsor.
2.3 Does Fastly collect personal data automatically?
As is true of most websites and services provided using the Internet, we gather certain information automatically. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), the referring page that you navigated to our websites from, the page that you navigated to from our websites, the files viewed on our site (e.g. HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data, which we may associate with personal data we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. This information helps us to improve our websites and to deliver better and more personalized service.
Fastly and our partners use cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons) to gather information, analyze trends, administer our websites, track users’ movements around our websites, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. These technologies may provide us with personal data, information about devices and networks you utilize to access our websites, analytics information and other information regarding your interactions with our websites. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service. For detailed information about the use of cookies and related technologies in our websites, please read and review our Cookie Policy found
here
.
We partner with a third party to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on our websites and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking
here
(or if located in the European Union, click
here
). Please note that this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
In connection with operating our global caching network’s general interaction with the Internet, Fastly collects client IP address information on a limited basis to provide and improve its services. Fastly also may collect and retain for its legitimate business purposes client or Customer IP addresses associated with suspicious activity that may pose a risk to the Fastly network or our Customers, or that are associated with administrative connections to the Fastly service.
2.4 How does Fastly use my personal data?
We use your information to enhance your experience using our websites and services.
We use personal data that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal data about Visitors, Customers, Users,  and Attendees:
To present our websites and their content to you.
To provide you with access to our services and to maintain access controls over secured areas of our websites.
To provide you services for which you have engaged us.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us, including technical instructions for implementing your service and responding to customer support and sales inquiries.
To fulfill any purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices.
To notify you about changes to our websites or any products or services, which include changes to our documentation, other technical and administrative notices, security advisories and other alerts that you may subscribe for on our websites.
To provide you with information or services that you request from us.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing, collection and completing credit card transactions.
To save your preferences (including requests to not receive communications).
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our websites.
To personalize our websites to optimize your experience and match your preferences.
To send you promotional materials about our services and events, including newsletters, product updates, information about and invitations to marketing events.
To process and deliver contests or sweepstakes entries and rewards.
To plan and host marketing activities.
To communicate with you about corporate marketing events, which may include promotional information.
In any way we describe when you provide or we collect the information.
To comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
To assure the safety of your account and our platform.
For any other purpose with your consent.
2.5 How long does Fastly retain my information?
We retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you our services or perform our contractual obligations, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. The retention period shall not exceed the duration of our business relationship with you plus (7) years unless we have a legitimate business interest need to retain the information for a longer period, which include maintaining a record of your preferences, securing the integrity of databases, conducting audits, complying with our legal and contractual obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements.
3. THIRD PARTY COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL DATA
3.1 Does Fastly share my personal data with others?
Third-Party Service Providers
We engage third-party service providers in the operation of our business or to support our business. We consequently share information, including personal data, with these contracted third-party service providers in connection with using their services. These include cloud-based productivity and collaboration tools, customer relations management, security tools, staffing service providers, backup, storage, payment processing, analytics and other services. We also engage and share information with third-party service providers for fraud protection, credit risk reduction and payment collection associated with our accounts. Our service providers may have access to, process or store your personal data for the purpose of providing us with their contracted-for services.
Our service providers are not authorized to process your personal data for purposes other than as necessary, appropriate or reasonable to provide the service we have purchased.
Affiliates
We share information, including personal data, with our subsidiaries and affiliates in the operation of our global business because our subsidiaries and affiliates may provide you services under our contracts or other functions, consistent with the purposes described in Section 2.4 above.
Third Party Cookies
As described in our
Cookie Policy
, we collect and share information through the use of cookies.
Consent
We may disclose your personal data to any third party with your consent and appropriate notice.
Compliance with Laws; Law Enforcement Requests; Protection of Our Rights
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement requirements. We may disclose personal data to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may also share such information if we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to protect our rights, property, or safety of Fastly, our Visitors, Customers, Users, or Attendees, Job Applicants, our personnel or others, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our contracts, or as otherwise required by law.
Corporate Events
We may share your personal data to a potential buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Fastly’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal data held by Fastly about our websites users is among the assets transferred. We may also share your personal data with potential investors, financing sources, auditors or agents that may conduct due diligence of our business. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our websites of any change in ownership or uses of your personal data, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal data.
Referrals
Our services permit you to refer our services to other people, including, for instance, if you are a Customer, to add Users to your account. If you provide us with contact information for persons you would like to refer, we will communicate with the referred persons and may disclose you as the source of the referral. If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal data and you would like to request that it be removed from our databases, please contact us at abuse@fastly.com.
Community Forums
Our website includes a community forum and other interactive features. When interacting in the community form, your account is publicly accessible unless you change the privacy settings of your profile through your account portal.
3.2 Do third parties collect my personal data?
Some content or applications are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers who may collect your information as you interact with those parties through our websites.
This collection can occur under the following circumstances:
When you log in to our websites using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider.
When you use social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, and widgets, such as the Share button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our websites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites.
You can log in to our websites using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal data with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on our websites to your profile page to share with others within your network.
These third parties may also use automatic data collection technologies such as cookies or beacons to collect information about you when you use our websites, your online activities, and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
3.3 Data Supplementation
We may receive information about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data, and combine this data with information we already have about you. This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you. If you provide us personal data about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us. If we receive personal data about you from a third party in order to engage in marketing of our services, then we will market to you only in your capacity as representatives of companies we wish to sell to and we will present you an opportunity to opt-out of future communications.
Examples of the types of personal data that may be obtained from public sources or purchased from third parties and combined with information we already have about you, may include:
Contact information about you, including your name, email address telephone number, from third party sources to verify your address so we can properly prevent fraud or communicate with you; or
Data purchased from third parties, such as social networking sites and conference attendee lists, that is combined with information we already have about you, to create more tailored advertising and products. If you receive a marketing communication or promotion from us, you may opt-out of these communications at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link provided in the email or by sending a request to abuse@fastly.com.
3.4 How is my personal data handled by third-party sites?
Our websites may include links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Fastly. If you submit personal data to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
4. YOUR CHOICES AND RIGHTS
The following table explains your rights with respect to your Personal Data that Fastly controls:
Be informed
Be informed of the personal data we collect about you and how we process it
How Fastly informs you:
through this Privacy Policy
through information provided to you as you use our services
Communications with or from Fastly
Know & Access
Request to know and access the personal data we collect about you
To request a copy of your personal data from Fastly please contact
abuse@fastly.com
Correction
Request that we amend, correct, or update your personal data.
You can request we delete your information by emailing
abuse@fastly.com
To remove your personal data from our blog, please follow the instructions to remove posts or delete your user account. If you want your personal data removed from other places on our websites, please contact us via the information supplied in the Contact Information section below.
Right to Limit
Under California law, you may request that we limit the processing of sensitive personal data if we are using or disclosing it for purposes other than those specified in Section 7027(m) of the CCPA Regulations.
Currently, we are not using or disclosing any sensitive personal data for the purposes of providing our products and services to you.
Restriction
Request that we stop processing all or some of your personal data.
You can do this if:
your personal data is inaccurate
our processing is unlawful
we do not need your information for a specific purpose, or
you object to our processing and we are assessing your objection request.
You can request that we stop this processing temporarily or permanently.
Turning off tracking technologies and advertising.
As described in our Cookie Policy, you can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being set. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our websites may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Opting out.
If you have subscribed to our newsletter(s), you can choose to stop receiving marketing emails, such as our newsletter or new product announcements, by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or by contacting us at
abuse@fastly.com
Object
Object to us processing your personal data.
You can do this if:
Fastly is processing your personal data on the legal basis of legitimate interests, or
Fastly is processing your personal data for business to business purposes.
To exercise your right to object, you can contact
abuse@fastly.com
Data portability
Request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service.
You can request us to transmit your data when we are processing your personal data on the legal basis of consent or performance of contract.
Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal data or if we have retained your personal data after the closure of your account.  To request this information please contact us via the information supplied in the Contact Information section below.
Not be subject to automated decision making
Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making (decisions without human involvement), including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect.
Fastly does not employ automated decision making as part of providing its products or services to you where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect.
Withdrawal of consent
Withdraw your consent to us collecting or using your personal data or update your subscription preferences
You can modify the settings in your profile or by following the link at the bottom of any email communications.
Withdraw or opt-out of sharing or selling data
Under California Law you have the right to withdraw or opt-out of consent to sell and/or share your data
Fastly does not sell your data to third-parties. Please see Section 3 on sharing data with third-parties.
4.1 How can I close my account
If we fulfill your request to close your account, we will remove your user account from our active database and your account will be archived as an inactive account. We retain your account information in accordance with our retention policy as described above in Section 2.5 and in order to maintain a record of your preferences, to secure the integrity of applicable databases, conduct audits, comply with our legal and contractual obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
4.2 How can I report abuse?
If you need to report abuse, please contact us by email at
abuse@fastly.com
. Fastly’s language for official communications is English.
5. SECURITY AND PRIVACY MEASURES
5.1 How does Fastly protect my information and data?
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
Information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any sensitive information is encrypted using Transport Layer Security (TLS) (sometimes referred to as Secure Sockets Layer or SSL).
You must also make sure that your personal data is safe and secure. Even if we give you (or you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Do not share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of our websites, for example, message boards. The personal data you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of our websites.
Information that is transmitted via the Internet is not completely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of your personal data transmitted to our websites. Any transmission of personal data is at your own risk. We are not responsible if you circumvent any privacy settings or security measures on our websites.
5.2 How does Fastly limit access to my personal data?
We limit access to certain pages on our websites and allow you to set certain privacy settings via your account profile; however, be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of our websites with whom you may choose to share your user contributions. Given that, we cannot and do not guarantee that your user contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
6. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
6.1 Children Under the Age of 16
Our websites are not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any personal data to or on the websites.
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on our websites or on or through any of their features, register on the websites, make any purchases through the websites, use any of the interactive or public comment features of our websites or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal data from a child under 16, we will delete that information immediately.
If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us via the Contact Information section below.
6.2 California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our websites that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail or write to us at our mailing address noted in the Contact Information section below.
7. CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: abuse@fastly.com.
or Fastly, Inc., Attn: General Counsel, 475 Brannan St, Suite 300 San Francisco, CA 94107.
Fastly’s language for official communications is English. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you may contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at:
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
8. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
It is our policy to post any changes we make to this Privacy Policy on this page with a notice on
http://docs.fastly.com/changes
that this Privacy Policy has been updated. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal data, we will notify you by e-mail to the primary e-mail address specified in your account and/or through a notice on
http://docs.fastly.com/changes
thirty (30) days prior to the change becoming effective. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy without thirty (30) days’ notice for the purpose of complying with applicable law. The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page and will be reviewed, and revised if required, in accordance with applicable law. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you and for periodically visiting
http://docs.fastly.com/changes
and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Products
Edge Cloud Platform
Pricing
Try Fastly Free
Network Map
Solutions
Professional Services
Managed CDN
Support Plans
Talk to an Expert
Learn
Documentation
Developers
Resource Library
Blog
Events
Support
Support Center
Network Status
Contact Us
Company
About Us
Careers
Customer Stories
Partners
News
Investor Relations
Trust
Compare
Fastly vs. Akamai CDN
Fastly vs. Akamai Security
Fastly vs. Cloudflare
Fastly vs. Imperva
Fastly with Cloud Providers
© Fastly
2025
Terms of Service
Privacy policy
Acceptable Use
X
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube
Sub-policy 5
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Sub-policy 6
https://en-gb.facebook.com/privacy/policy:
Privacy Centre home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information for?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know that the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we're still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We'll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose and tell you how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on 7 April 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective from 14 November 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That's why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that's right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We've also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Centre about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information that we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information that you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don't let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information that we collect doesn't identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated or anonymised by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it's made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information that we collect about you
Privacy Centre
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalised experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts that you choose to add to your Accounts Centre and
across your devices
. The information that we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that's connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymise it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalise and improve our Products
We use information that we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalising features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
that you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalise and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use the information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, such as contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and charitable groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts that you share and communicate with
Content that others share or reshare about you.
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that's public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner's product or service
When you interact with someone else's content on an integrated partner's product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Centre
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information that we provide.
Here's more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases, we'll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all of the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products, such as WhatsApp and more.
We share the information that we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Centre
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data", we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information for?
Highlights
We keep information for as long as we need it to provide our products, comply with legal obligations or to protect our or other's interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here's what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature that we use it for and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger's vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information for to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we'll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, such as search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know that the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You'll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Centre
. If you have any questions about this Policy, or have any questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
or by writing to:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
FAO: Privacy operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use, and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories that we use (see "
What Information do we collect?
" for more details on each information category). The actual information that we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so that we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics. We'll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys that you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalising ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalise your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalise your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your ad settings.
Our ads system prioritises what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then, we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your Ad preferences.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads that you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we'll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalise ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you're logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us, we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content you create, such as your contact, profile or other information, such as posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity, including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information that you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centres.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the "terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information that we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories that we use (see "
What Information do we collect?
" for more details on each information category). The actual information that we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information that we've collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and preferences, and to provide you with personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people that you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content such as text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use the information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it's not
Try out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands, and what we can do better
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages that you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them. We process the information that we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behaviour, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Centre and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use the information you've given us (e.g. contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, such as an email or in-product notice, for example:
We'll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information such as your email address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information that we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centres and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. As Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) that you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So, we can fix, analyse and improve our Products.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information that we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information, which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centre.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it's processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories that we use (see "
What Information do we collect?
" for more details on each information category). The actual information that we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and/or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more details.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines that law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information that we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgements in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information, which may require us to process your information, and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances, it could include the following:
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages that you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information that we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it's processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories that we use (see "
What Information do we collect?
" for more details on each information category). The actual information that we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information that we've collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and preferences, and to provide you with personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people that you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products, and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalise and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances, manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content such as text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use the information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it's not
Try out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands, and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalise and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages that you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them. We process the information that we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions that we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behaviour, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Centre and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harm to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages that you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use the information you've given us (e.g. contact information you've entered on your profile) to send you a communication, such as an email or in-product notice, for example:
we'll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information such as your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information that we've collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses and other partners better understand things such as the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users' experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information that we've collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things, such as the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users' experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance, and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent, richer and innovative experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross-app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent, richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Location-related information
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we'll share marketing communications with you.
We'll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, such as an email.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Information and content that you provide, including your contact information, such as an email address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers that we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organisations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques – such as aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review – and share information, as necessary, to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas such as artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information that we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ad delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practise data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others, including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information that we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties, such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags that you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters, as well as bad experiences of other types, to maintain the integrity of our Products and to promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, date of birth, friends list, home town or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver quality experiences to users who use our partners' apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information that you provide (for example, your email address, date of birth, friends' list and hometown).
If you're using a device that we can't associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store the information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters, as well as bad experiences of other types, to maintain the integrity of our Products and to research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We'll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, such as an email address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information such as your email address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques – such as aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review – as necessary, to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas such as artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and in the interests of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others, including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See "
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
" for details on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information that we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties, such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it's not
Try out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands, and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Centre
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing that are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Centre
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake and the information that we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories that we use (see "
What Information do we collect?
" for more details on each information category). The actual information that we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good: We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques, such as aggregation to information, as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties, for example, international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact-specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combating unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Centre
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing that are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Centre
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it's processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories that we use (see "
What Information do we collect?
" for more details on each information category). The actual information that we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone's vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, well-being or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests, we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags that you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network that you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook in this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information that we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook in this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information that we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 7
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy:

Sub-policy 8
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 9
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en:
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
EEA/UK/CH
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
04 December 2024
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
Introduction
This privacy policy ("
Privacy Policy
") applies to the personal information that TikTok processes in connection with TikTok apps, websites, software and related services (the “
Platform
”), that link to or reference this Privacy Policy.
Data Controller
: If you live in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), or Switzerland, TikTok Technology Limited, an Irish company (“
TikTok Ireland
”), and TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited (“
TikTok UK
”), a UK company, ("
TikTok
," "
our
," "
we
," or "
us
") are the joint controllers of your information processed in connection with this Privacy Policy.
What Information We Collect
We collect your information in three ways:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. More detail is provided below.
Information You Provide
Account Information.
We collect information that you provide when you set up an account, such as your date of birth, username, email address and/or telephone number, and password. You can choose to add other information to your account, such as a bio or image.
User Content.
We collect the content you create, import, upload or publish through the Platform, such as photographs, videos, audio recordings, livestreams, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect
User Content
through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that
User Content
, for example, to recommend music based on the video. We also collect content (such as text, images, and video) from your device's clipboard if you choose to copy and paste content to or from the Platform or share content between it and a third party platform. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your
User Content
.
Messages.
We collect the content of the messages you send and receive on the Platform and the associated metadata (such as the time the message was sent, received or read, as well as the participants in the communication). We also collect the messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when using our shopping feature to communicate with sellers or using virtual assistants.
Your Contacts and Other Connections.
If you choose to sync your contacts, we will collect information from your device’s phone book such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information to users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts. We also collect information about the accounts you follow and that follow you.
Purchase Information.
When you make a purchase, a payment, or other transaction on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase products through our shopping features, we collect information about the transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and products you purchased.
Surveys, Research, and Promotions.
We collect
Information You Provide
if you choose to participate in a survey, research, promotion, contest, marketing campaign, or event conducted or sponsored by us.
Information When You Contact Us.
When you contact us, we collect the information you send us, such as proof of identity or age, feedback or inquiries about your use of the Platform or information about possible violations of our
Terms of Service
(our “
Terms
”),
Community Guidelines
(our “
Guidelines
”), or other policies.
Information From Forms and Features You Use
. We collect the
Information You Provide
when you fill in a form on the Platform. You can let TikTok fill in forms automatically with your account info, like your addresses or payment info.
Automatically Collected Information
Technical Information.
We collect certain device and network connection information when you access the Platform. This information includes your device model, operating system, keystroke patterns or rhythms, IP address, system language and device settings. We also collect service-related, diagnostic, performance information, including crash reports and performance logs. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices to give you a seamless log-in experience and for security purposes.
Location Information.
We automatically collect information about your approximate location (e.g. country, state, or city) based on your
Technical Information
(such as SIM card and IP address). Also, where you enable location services for the TikTok app within your device settings, we collect approximate location information from your device. Click
here
to learn more about how we collect Location Information.
Usage Information.
We collect information about how you engage with the Platform, including information about how you interact with content and ads, the duration and frequency of your use, your engagement with other users, and your search history.
Content Characteristics and Features.
We detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your
User Content
, for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your
User Content
. We do this, for example, for content moderation and to provide special effects (such as video filters and avatars) and captions.
Inferred Information.
We infer your attributes (such as age-range and gender) and interests based on the information we have about you. We use inferences, for example, to keep the Platform safe (such as for content moderation), to show you relevant information, and, where permitted, to serve you personalised ads based on your interests.
Cookies.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to operate and provide the Platform. For example, we use cookies to remember your language preferences, make sure you don’t see the same video more than once, and for security purposes. We also use these technologies for marketing purposes. To learn more about our use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
. We will obtain your consent to our use of cookies where required by law.
Information From Other Sources
Advertising, Measurement and Other Partners.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our
TikTok Advertiser Tools
(such as TikTok Pixel). These partners are required to have the necessary rights and permissions to share your information with us before doing so. We process certain information that we receive from these partners as a joint controller with them.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these partners.
Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers.
We receive information about you from sellers as well as payment and transaction fulfillment providers, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features.
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
Third party platforms provide us with information (such as your email address, authentication ID, and public profile) when you choose to sign up for or log in to the Platform using sign-in features provided by those third parties. We may also receive contact information that you hold or is held about you when contact information is synced with our Platform by you or another user. When you interact with any third party service (such as third party apps, websites or products) that integrate
TikTok Developer Tools
, we will receive the information necessary to provide you with features like cross-service authentication or cross-posting. For example, this will happen if you log in to another platform with your TikTok account or if you use TikTok’s “share” button on a third party platform to share content from there to the Platform. We may also receive information from third party providers which we use for safety purposes, including to protect users on the Platform and for content moderation.
Additional Sources.
We may collect or receive information about you from organisations, businesses, people, and others, including, for example, publicly available sources, government authorities, professional organisations, and charity groups. We also collect information about you where you are included or mentioned in
User Content
,
Messages
, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party, or if your contact information is provided to us by a user.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the Platform, including for the following purposes. You can find more detail in “
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
”.
Provide and administer the Platform, such as enabling you to create, share, and consume content, to interact with other users and their content, and provide user support.
Provide our shopping features (such as personalised shopping benefits) and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with sellers, payment and transaction fulfilment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders.
Personalise and customise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed and content creation tools.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies that apply to you. We review
User Content
and other information through a mix of technology (including through automated means) and human moderation to protect the safety and well-being of our community.
Provide certain interactive features, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos,
Suggest your account to other users and suggest accounts of others to you to help connect you with other users.
Provide and improve our advertising services, including to serve ads (including personalised ads, where permitted).
Create analytics reports so that partners, sellers and creators can see how their content, ads or products are performing and to better understand their audience and buyers.
Maintain and enhance the safety, security, and stability of the Platform by identifying and addressing technical or security issues or problems (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Review, improve, and develop the Platform, including by monitoring interactions and usage across your devices, analysing how people are using it, and by training, testing, and improving our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
Share your information with third party platforms to provide you with features, like content sharing at your request when you integrate your TikTok account with a third party service.
Facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria.
Promote the Platform or third party services through marketing communications, contests, or promotions.
Facilitate the sending of marketing communications by sellers to you on our Platform. We act as a joint controller with the sellers in this scenario.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these sellers.
Comply with our legal obligations, or as necessary to perform tasks in the public interest, or to protect the vital interests of our users and other people.
Protect the Platform and defend our legal rights and commercial interests, and those of our affiliates, users and the public.
How We Share Your Information
Service Providers
We engage service providers that help us provide, support, and develop the Platform and understand how it is used. They provide services such as: cloud hosting, and content delivery, customer and technical support, content moderation, marketing, analytics, and online payments.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
with these service providers as necessary to enable them to provide their services.
Partners
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
We share limited information which may include
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
, and
Usage Information
with third party platforms and partners whose platform or services are integrated with the Platform, or with whom we have a commercial relationship. We do this to give you a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, allow sellers to view and manage your orders through our shopping features, and enable third party platforms and partners to better authenticate users. Some examples include if you:
log-in to a third party platform using your account, we will share your basic account information and any other
Information You Provide
,
sign-up or log-in to the Platform using your account details from a third party platform (such as Facebook or Google), we will share certain
Technical Information
to facilitate this,
share
User Content
you publish on the Platform on other social media platforms, we will share your
User Content
and related information.
Advertisers.
We provide advertisers with reports about the performance of their ads and other content on the Platform in order to help them measure their effectiveness and understand their audience. These reports contain aggregate information of certain
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. We don’t share information with advertisers that can be used to contact you (such as your name or email address) unless you give us your permission.
Measurement and Data Partners.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
and
Usage Information
with third party measurement providers who create aggregate reports that help us measure advertising served on the Platform and help our advertisers understand their effectiveness and their audience.
Sellers and their Service Providers.
When you make a purchase through the shopping features on our Platform, we share
Purchase Information
related to the transaction with the sellers and service providers acting on their behalf. This includes order items, contact details and delivery information so that your order can be processed. We also share certain
Technical Information
about your device or connection with these parties to help ensure the security of the transaction. When making a purchase through our shopping features, please review the product and seller location details provided on the Platform for information about where your information will be sent.
Users of Our Analytics Services.
We provide aggregated statistics and insights to help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with the Platform. For example, creators, advertisers and sellers can receive information about the number of views, likes, comments and shares of their content, as well as information to understand their followers, buyers and the audience of their content. We create this aggregate information using
Information you Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
. In certain circumstances, TikTok is a joint controller with TikTok account holders for this processing.
Learn more
about the joint processing for TikTok Analytics.
Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group (“
Corporate Group
”). These entities process
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for us, as necessary to provide certain functions, such as storage, content delivery, security, research and development, analytics, online payments, customer and technical support, and content moderation. See
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
for additional information.
Others
We share your information in other limited scenarios as follows:
Users and the Public.
Based on your privacy settings, your information, including your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Usage Information
may be visible to other users and the public. For example, if you have a public account and have not restricted the visibility of your posts individually, your
Account Information
and
User Content
can be viewed or shared by anyone on or off the Platform, whether or not they have a TikTok account. Depending on your privacy settings, your
Account Information
and
User Content
may also appear on search engines, content aggregators, and news sites. You can learn about account types and privacy settings, including how to limit the audience for your videos
here
.
Independent Researchers:
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria as described in
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
.
Corporate Transactions.
Your information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Legal Obligations and Rights.
We may access, preserve, and share the information described in "
What Information We Collect
" with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, researchers, copyright holders, or other third parties if we have good faith belief that it is necessary to:
comply with applicable law, legal process or government requests, as consistent with internationally recognised standards,
protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, copyright holders, and others, including to protect life or prevent imminent bodily harm. For example, we may provide information (such as your IP address) to law enforcement in the event of an emergency where someone’s life or safety is at risk,
investigate potential violations of and enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or any other applicable terms, policies, or standards, or
detect, investigate, prevent, or address misleading activity, copyright infringement, or other illegal activity.
To learn more about how we handle requests from law enforcement agencies and public authorities, see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
We may only use your information when we have a “legal basis” to do so. We use different legal bases depending on why we use your information (in other words, the “purpose” of our processing). These legal bases are contractual necessity, legitimate interests (ours, yours or those of another party), consent, compliance with a legal obligation, performing a task in the public interest, and protection of vital interests.
Here we explain the legal bases we rely on when we process your information. This section also describes why we use your information, how this information is processed, the categories of information involved, and the associated rights (which always includes the right to access your information). For more information on how to exercise any of your rights, please check out the “
Your Rights and Choices
” section in the Privacy Policy.
Contractual Necessity
If you have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract, we use
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
where it is necessary to perform the contract you enter into (our Terms) when you register for, access, or use the Platform. This means we use your information to:
Provide you with the Platform.
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share and consume content, interact with others, utilise social features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Personalise features and content.
We also personalise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Product orders and deliveries.
We use your information to process orders, such as to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, and communicate with you about your orders. This includes sharing
Purchase Information
with Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfilment Providers, and Other Service Providers
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Administer the Platform.
We also use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with you on service related matters, provide you with updates and support regarding any purchase you make on or through the Platform, and respond to and process your queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for the contract we have with you, you have the right to port information you have provided to us.
Legitimate Interests
We use your information where this is necessary to achieve legitimate interests - whether belonging to us, you, or a third party - provided these interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We use the information we collect to:
Enable users to create content with interactive features
.
Interactive features, like Duet and Stitch, enable other users to include your videos in their videos (if you allow this in your settings).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To provide users with tools to inspire creativity, collaboration, and enjoyment, and to create opportunities for users to reach new audiences.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Suggest your account to other users
.
We may suggest your account to other users, including when a user chooses to sync their contacts with the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable users to quickly and efficiently find and connect with other users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Provide all users with generic advertising
.
We show all users generic ads, including those who have chosen not to receive personalised ads.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: We show generic ads to keep the Platform free of charge. We process limited categories of your information to make sure our advertising service is useful to our advertisers (for example, to serve ads to users in a particular country or to users who speak the same language).
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Provide measurement and analytics services
.
We help creators, sellers and advertisers measure the effectiveness and distribution of ads and other content viewed on the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable creators, sellers and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Platform free for all users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the safety and well-being of our community
.
We use your information to ensure the safety and well-being of our community, including by reviewing
User Content
(and if permitted under applicable law,
Messages
and associated metadata) for breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies. We also infer your age range, and under certain circumstances, may ask you to provide additional information to confirm your age.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To keep our community safe, review compliance with our Guidelines, and identify misuse of the Platform.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the security and stability of the Platform
.
We use your information to ensure the stability and security of the Platform, including by identifying and combating technical or security issues (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To ensure the ongoing stability and security of the Platform and to ensure it is continuously available and functioning.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Review, improve, promote, and develop the Platform
.
We use the information we have to understand how people are using the Platform and to develop, test, and make improvements to the Platform, including to develop and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms. We also use this information to better understand and promote the Platform, popular topics, and emerging trends, and offer certain personalised features. We also review messages you exchange with customer support to improve technologies supporting such functions.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To improve, promote, and develop the Platform in an informed way.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Facilitate independent research.
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria, including where such researchers have demonstrable experience and expertise in their area. Click
here
to learn more
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To facilitate independent research that aims to develop society’s collective knowledge, including in the areas of misinformation and disinformation, violence, cybercrime, and social trends.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Share your information with third parties
.
We share your information with third parties whose platforms or services are integrated with, or otherwise made available on, the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To optimise your experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, enable third parties to authenticate users, and to allow for the performance of commercial agreements.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Protect the Platform and defend legal rights
We may use your information in connection with preparing for, taking and defending actual or anticipated legal claims or proceedings (including investigating any potential claims we may have or be aware of).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: to protect the Platform and defend the legal rights and commercial interests of us, our affiliates, our users and the public.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Marketing communications
.
We may send you marketing messages about the Platform and third party products and services where we think they will interest you. Where required, we will obtain your consent to send you such communications.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To promote the Platform and third party products and services.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
If you are under the age of majority (under 18 in most relevant countries), with a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity, we rely on legitimate interests and use the information we collect to:
Provide you with the Platform
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share, and consume content, interact with others, utilise features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, and engage with content and express themselves. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Platform in an easy and intuitive manner..
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Personalise features and content
We use your information to personalise
certain
features and content
on the Platform, such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, create and engage with content and users relevant to their interests. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us in being able to access the Platform and content relevant to their interests.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To keep the Platform free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, or policies and to protect the safety of users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, including to prevent exploitation or other harm to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable. It is also in the legitimate interests of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Administer the Platform.
We use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with users and respond to and process queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To share meaningful updates with our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us about service-related matters, and process their queries, claims and disputes.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
Your Consent
We ask for your consent to access or use your information for specific purposes. If we do, you’ll always be able to revoke your consent through your device permissions or in-app settings.
Personalised advertising
.
With your consent, we serve you with personalised ads based on your activity on and off the Platform. Click
here
to learn more.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for this purpose.
Retain your payment card information.
With your consent, we store your payment card information to facilitate future transactions through our Platform.
Information used:
Information You Provide
Sellers’ marketing communications.
With your consent, we facilitate the sending of marketing communications to you by sellers on our Platform and/or share your email address with sellers for the purpose of sending marketing communications to you.
Information used:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Device permissions.
We collect information that you allow us to receive through your device-based settings (such as access to your camera, photos and location services) which we use for subsequent purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information used:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your rights
: Whenever we use your information based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. However, your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing your information based on your consent prior to your withdrawal of consent. You can withdraw your consent for applicable personalised ads related settings by following these
instructions
.
You also have the right to port information you have provided to us that we use based on your consent.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We may use your information including your
Account Information
or
User Content
where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation. This includes situations where we have obligations to communicate with you, take measures to ensure the safety of our users, or comply with a valid legal request such as an order or disclosure request from regulators, law enforcement agencies or courts. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
To perform a task in the public interest
We may use your information where it is necessary to perform a task in the public interest, including undertaking research, preventing and detecting crime, safeguarding children and promoting public safety, security, and integrity as laid down by applicable law. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your rights
: When we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our usage.
To protect someone's vital interests
We may use your information where it is necessary to protect your or someone else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This could include providing law enforcement agencies or emergency services with information in urgent situations to protect health or life. We generally provide
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your Rights and Choices
You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. Some of these rights apply generally, while others will only apply in certain circumstances. Depending on the scenario, these rights may be subject to some limitations. TikTok Ireland will be responsible for responding to your request within the relevant periods provided by law. If necessary to resolve your request, TikTok Ireland will liaise with TikTok UK.
Access your information.
You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm what information we process about you, to provide certain information about the processing, and for a copy of your information. In-app controls enable you to:
access your information that is available to other users when you navigate to the "
me
" tab on your account.
request a copy of your information by using the “
Download your data
” tool. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
Delete your information.
You can delete or ask us to delete your information. In-app controls enable you to:
delete the content posted on your account, such as your
User Content
and your
Account Information
.
delete your full account. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
request the deletion of a particular piece of content using the in-app reporting feature (more information is available
here
).
Rectify your information.
You can change or ask us to change or correct your information where that information is not accurate. You can change or correct much of your information through the in-app controls and settings (such as your
Account Information
and video content).
Port your information.
You have the right to data portability in circumstances where we rely on contractual necessity or consent as our legal basis. This means that you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to share it with a third party. You can exercise your right of portability by choosing to “
Download your data
” in your settings. Click
here
for detailed instructions. You can also port your TikTok data through TikTok’s Data Portability API. Click
here
for further information.
Object to the processing of your information
. You also have the
right to object
to the processing of your information in certain circumstances. This right applies when we are performing a task in the public interest, pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party, or when your data is processed for the purpose of facilitating scientific or historical research in certain circumstances. In submitting an objection request, please provide all relevant information, including the processing activity you are objecting to, why you want to object and how the processing activity affects you, and any additional information that you think will help us review your request. We will stop the particular processing if we don't have compelling legitimate grounds to continue that processing or don’t need it for legal claims.
Restrict the processing of your information
. You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your information where (a) you are challenging the accuracy of the information, (b) the information has been unlawfully processed, but you are opposing the deletion of that information, (c) where you need the information to be retained for the pursuit or defence of a legal claim, or (d) you have objected to processing and you are awaiting the outcome of that objection request.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us through our
webform
. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details or provide additional information so that we can understand your request.
We encourage you to “
Contact us
” if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commission (TikTok Ireland’s lead supervisory authority) or with your local supervisory authority.
In addition to these rights, you can control privacy settings for your account. Click
here
for more information.
Your choice regarding the use of information across different services.
If you are a user in the EU, we offer you the choice of whether to combine and cross-use your TikTok activity data with our affiliated services, like TikTok Shop, where legally required.
Learn more
.
Data Security and Retention
Security of your information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorised access, theft, disclosure, modification, or loss. We regularly review our security measures to consider available new technology and methods.
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
The retention periods will be different depending on the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. This information includes your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Messages
. If you violate our Guidelines or Terms, we may remove
Information You Provide
including your
Account Information
and/or
User Content
from public view immediately but keep your information as is necessary to process the violation.
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
To support our global operations:
We store the information described in the “
What Information We Collect
” section in servers located in the United States, Malaysia and Singapore.
Certain entities in our Corporate Group, located outside your country of residence (see
here
), are given limited remote access to this information so they can provide certain functions, as described in the Our Corporate Group section in “
How We Share Your Information
”. This access is limited, secure and only granted where necessary under strict security controls and authorisation approval protocols.
We share “
What Information We Collect
” with service providers, partners and other third party entities, as described in “
How We Share Your Information
”. These third parties can be located outside your country of residence.
These entities commit to processing information in compliance with applicable privacy laws and to implementing appropriate security measures to protect your information.
When we transfer your information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we ensure it benefits from an adequate level of data protection by relying on:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions from the
European Commission
under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to some countries with adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed
here
; or
Article 49. In the absence of an adequacy decision, We rely on Article 49 (1)(b) and (c) GDPR to transfer Purchase Information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to sellers and transaction fulfilment providers in countries without an adequacy decision when necessary to provide shopping features to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, or to process your orders; or
Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has approved
contractual clauses
under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to certain entities in our Corporate Group (as described
here
)
and third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or standard contractual clauses, please contact us via the details provided in the “
Contact us
” section below.
Younger Users
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Platform. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us using this
webform
.
To provide users younger than 18 with an age-appropriate experience, certain features are not available. Further details are available in our
Help Centre
.
If you are the guardian of a teen, our
Guardian's Guide
contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you or your teen can use, including “Family Pairing” features.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy by a notice provided through the Platform or by other means. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy reflects the effective date of such policy changes.
Contact Us
You can contact us about this Privacy Policy through our
webform
. You can reach TikTok's Data Protection Officer
here
.
You can also contact us at the following postal address.
For users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland
: TikTok Technology Limited, The Sorting Office, Ropemaker Place, Dublin 2, Dublin, D02 HD23, Ireland.
For users in the United Kingdom
: TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, Kaleidoscope, 4 Lindsey Street, London, EC1A 9HP, United Kingdom.