Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy has been created in order to demonstrate the commitment of The National FZ LLC to privacy. We provide this Privacy Policy to inform you what information we collect about you, how we obtain your information and how we use your information.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “we”, “our”, and “us” refer to The National FZ LLC, “this website” refers to
https://www.thenationalnews.com/
website, our mobile website and app and “you” and “your” refers to a specific individual accessing the website.
Data collection
The information we may collect from you includes:
Information establishing your identity: for example, name and email address collected through our website registration and order form.
Financial information: for example, bank account and credit card details.
Demographic and profile information: for example, age, gender or nationality.
Information relating to your use of this website: for example, domain name, IP address and cookies. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website https://www.thenationalnews.com/. Your IP address is or may be used to help identify you, to track activity within our website and to gather broad demographic information. Our Web server will collect IP information. Our website also uses cookies to keep track of your session ID. We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests.
any information you independently choose to provide to us (for example, if you send us an email).
How we obtain your information
We may collect your information during the course of our relationship with you and will only use your personal information in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
We may obtain this information from a variety of sources, including:
from you (for example, when you access and register on our website, when you make an inquiry, send emails, or otherwise provide us with your personal information);
from suppliers; and
from advertisers, publishing or marketing companies.
How we use your information
We may use or process your personal information for the following purposes:
To provide you with information about our services and events or other products and other information that we think may be valuable to you.
To personalise our services and content to you and your geographic region (including, but not limited to, news, advertisements and promotions).
To respond to any queries, requests, or comments that you may have.
To process your payments. Financial information that is collected from you is used to check the user's qualifications for registration and to bill the user for products and services.
To review, develop and improve the services which we offer.
To comply with our legal obligations.
On what basis we use your information
We use your personal information on the following bases:
because the information is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract;
because you have given your consent (if we expressly ask for consent to process your personal information, for a specific purpose);
you have made your personal data publicly available; and
to comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
With whom we share your information
We will only disclose or transfer your personal information for the purposes set out in this notice to:
Third party service providers and sub-contractors who provide a service to us (including, but not limited to, marketing and advertising, data processing, IT and office services).Demographic information may be shared with advertisers on an aggregate, anonymised basis. Aggregate basis means that your information will be generalized with the data we collect from all our users. For example, we may share the average age of our users with advertisers. However, we will not share any personal information (i.e. any information that can relate to an identified or identifiable individual), such as contact information, financial information and demographic information, with advertisers about any particular individual that uses our websites.
Any member of our group.
Any competent authorities if we are legally required to comply with a request for data.
Countries to which we transfer your information
The information you submit may be transferred, stored and hosted outside the United Arab Emirates or the country from which you may be accessing this website, and may be transferred to countries which do not have data protection laws or to countries where your privacy and other fundamental rights will not be protected as extensively. These and all other transmissions will remain secure and under our sole control.
We will implement appropriate measures to ensure that your personal information remains protected and secure when it is transferred outside your home country and you can exercise your rights effectively.
Data retention
We will keep your data only for as long as is necessary to respond to any queries or complaints, to improve the services that we offer to you or to comply with any legal obligations to which we may be subject.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, the nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve such purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Your rights
Please contact us if you would like to:
Access your data – request a copy of your personal information that we process about you;
Rectify your data – request us to amend or update your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete;
Erase your data – request us to delete your personal information where it is no longer necessary for the purpose(s) for which your information was originally collected;
Restrict your data – request us temporarily or permanently to stop processing all or some of your personal data;
Object to the use of your data – at any time, object to us processing your personal information where it is based exclusively on our legitimate interests (see above) or for direct marketing purposes;
Receive or transmit your data in a machine-readable and structured format (otherwise known as "data portability") – request the receipt or transmission of your personal information to another organisation, in a structured and machine-readable format; and
Withdraw your consent – withdraw your consent at any time to the use of your personal information for a particular purpose (where we have asked you for consent to use your information for that particular purpose).
For any of the above, please contact us via email or post as set out in the Contact us section below.
Subject to any overriding legal obligations, requirements and/or exemptions, we will endeavour to respond to your request as soon as possible, unless we require further information from you. We may ask you to provide proof of your identity.
[If you feel that we do not comply with applicable data protection and privacy rules, you may lodge a complaint with the data protection authority, the UAE Data Office].
Choice/Opt-Out of our communications
Our digital platforms provide users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from The National FZ LLC website, mobile site and/or app at the point where we request information about the user.
The digital platforms give users the option for removing their information from our database, to not receive further communications or to no longer receive our service.
Contact us
You can send mail to the following postal address: The National, PO Box 769555, twofour54 Building 6, Khalifa Park, Sheikh Zayed Street, Abu Dhabi.
For full contact details including emails and phone numbers go to our Contact Us page.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may be required to update or change our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will upload an updated Privacy Policy on this website. If there are any significant changes to the Privacy Policy (e.g. if we decide to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected), we will notify you by way of an email if you have provided us with your email address.
Our site uses cookies
We use cookies for basic website functionality, personalisation and to help us analyse how our site is used. By accepting, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change your cookie preferences by clicking the cookie preferences button or by visiting our
Cookie Policy
Cookies preferences
ACCEPT