Beijing CST
2025-03-24 21:25:15
My feedback
USD / Language
Currency
USD  (US Dollar)
RUB  (Russian Rouble)
GBP  (United Kingdom Pound)
BRL  (Brazilian Real)
CAD  (Canadian Dollar)
AUD  (Australian Dollar)
EUR  (Euro)
INR  (Indian Rupee)
UAH  (Ukraine Hryvnia)
JPY  (Japanese Yen)
MXN  (Mexican peso)
IDR  (Indonesian Rupiah)
TRY  (Turkish Lira)
SEK  (Swedish Krona)
CLP  (Chilean Peso)
KRW  (Korean Won)
SGD  (Singapore Dollar)
NZD  (New Zealand Dollar)
CHF  (Swiss Franc)
PLN  (Polish Zloty)
AED  (Utd)
EGP  (Egyptian Pound)
SAR  (Saudi Riyal)
PKR  (Pakistan Rupee)
BDT  (Bangladeshi Taka)
LKR  (Sri Lanka Rupee)
MYR  (Malaysian Ringgit)
PHP  (Philippine Peso)
VND  (Vietnamese Dong)
THB  (Thai Baht)
TWD  (Taiwan Dollar)
HTG  (Haitian Gourde)
HKD  (Hong Kong Dollar)
GYD  (Guyanan Dollar)
HNL  (Honduran Lempira)
GNF  (Guinea Franc)
GTQ  (Guatemalan Quetzal)
UZS  (Uzbekistan Som)
VEF  (Venezuelan Bolivar Fuerte)
YER  (Yemen Rial)
ZMW  (Zambian Kwacha)
ZWL  (Zimbabwe Dollar)
ETB  (Ethiopian Birr)
FKP  (Falkland Islands Pound)
VUV  (Vanuatu Vatu)
FJD  (Fiji Dollar)
GEL  (Georgian Lari)
GHS  (Ghanaian New Cedi)
GIP  (Gibraltar Pound)
GMD  (Gambian Dalasi)
HUF  (Hungarian Forint)
PEN  (Peruvian Nuevo Sol)
MDL  (Moldovan Leu)
MNT  (Mongolian Tugrik)
MAD  (Moroccan Dirham)
MZN  (Mozambique New Metical)
NAD  (Namibia Dollar)
NPR  (Nepalese Rupee)
ARS  (Argentine Peso)
DZD  (Algerian Dinar)
JOD  (Jordanian Dinar)
BOB  (Bolivian Mvdol)
COP  (Unidad de Valor Real)
BBD  (Barbados Dollar)
PAB  (Panamanian balboa)
MUR  (Mauritius Rupee)
MVR  (Maldive Rufiyaa)
MWK  (Malawi Kwacha)
ISK  (Iceland Krona)
IQD  (Iraqi Dinar)
ILS  (Israeli New Shekel)
JMD  (Jamaican Dollar)
KZT  (Kazakhstan Tenge)
KES  (Kenyan Shilling)
KWD  (Kuwaiti Dinar)
KGS  (Kyrgyzstanian Som)
LAK  (Lao Kip)
LBP  (Lebanese Pound)
LSL  (Lesotho Loti)
LRD  (Liberian Dollar)
LYD  (Libyan Dinar)
MOP  (Macanese pataca)
MKD  (Macedonian Denar)
HRK  (Croatian kuna)
UYU  (Uruguayan Peso)
AFN  (Afghan Afghani)
BWP  (Botswana Pula)
NOK  (Norwegian Kroner)
BND  (Brunei Dollar)
BGN  (Bulgarian Lev)
BIF  (Burundi Franc)
KHR  (Cambodian Riel)
XAF  (CFA Franc BEAC)
CVE  (Cape Verde Escudo)
KYD  (Cayman Islands Dollar)
KMF  (Comoros Franc)
CDF  (Congolese Franc)
CRC  (Costa Rican Colon)
CZK  (Czech Koruna)
BAM  (Bosnian Mark)
BTN  (Bhutan Ngultrum)
ALL  (Albanian Lek)
AOA  (Angolan Kwanza)
XCD  (East Carribean Dollar)
AMD  (Armenian Dram)
AWG  (Aruban Florin)
SHP  (St. Helena Pound)
AZN  (Azerbaijan New Manat)
BSD  (Bahamian Dollar)
BHD  (Bahraini Dinar)
BYR  (Belarusian Ruble)
BZD  (Belize Dollar)
XOF  (CFA Franc BCEAO)
BMD  (Bermudian Dollar)
DKK  (Danish Krone)
DJF  (Djibouti Franc)
SCR  (Seychelles Rupee)
SLL  (Sierra Leone Leone)
SBD  (Solomon Islands Dollar)
SOS  (Somali Shilling)
ZAR  (South African Rand)
SRD  (Suriname Dollar)
SZL  (Swaziland Lilangeni)
TJS  (Tajikistan Somoni)
TZS  (Tanzanian Shilling)
TOP  (Tongan Pa)
TTD  (Trinidad)
TND  (Tunisian Dinar)
TMT  (Turkmenistan New Manat)
RSD  (Serbian Dinar)
STD  ( Sao Tome/Principe Dobra)
DOP  (Dominican Peso)
SVC  (Salvadoran colón)
ERN  (Eritrean Nakfa)
XPF  (CFP Franc)
NIO  (Nicaraguan Cordoba Oro)
NGN  (Nigerian Naira)
OMR  (Omani Rial)
PGK  (Papua New Guinea Kina)
PYG  (Paraguay Guarani)
QAR  (Qatari Rial)
RON  (Romanian New Leu)
RWF  (Rwandan Franc)
WST  (Samoan Tala)
UGX  (Uganda Shilling)
English
Pусский
Español
Português
Deutsche
Français
Polski
Türkçe
Italiano
한국어
עברית
العربية
日本語
中文
繁體
เมืองไทย
Việt
More Language
Loading...
Use pictures to replace links and search on AliPrice, Try dragging the picture here.Image size must be at least 100x100
Drag the picture here
Upload Image
Upload Image
Sending image
Analysing image
Search for products
Reload
Compare
Default
Price
Orders
Clear
no data
Recently search
Image search
Product search
no data
no data
No data!
Close
1
Input link
2
Price history
About Us
Contact
Help Center
Term of Use
Privacy Policy
Statement
Business cooperation
Privacy Policy
Thanks for using our products and services (“Services”). The Services are provided by
AliPrice Technology Co., Ltd. (东莞市橙派网络科技有限公司) (“AliPrice”)
. By using our Services, you are agreeing to the
Privacy Policy
. Please read them carefully.
1. What data we collect
When accessing the www.aliprice.com website, AliPrice will learn certain data about you during your visit.
Similar to other commercial websites, our website utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below) and server logs to collect data about how our site is used. Data collected through cookies and server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our site, and the websites visited just before and just after our own, as well as your IP address.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site”s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser”s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
IP Addresses
IP addresses are used by your computer every time when you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as “traffic data” so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you.
Email Information
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received online, mail and telephone. This also applies when you register for our website, sign up through any of our forms using your email address or make a purchase on this site. For further information see the email policies below.
2. How do we handle your data
Broadly speaking, we use personal data for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other items and services to our customers and prospective customers.
AliPrice will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection.
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
3. How do we store and protect your data
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
These measures include limiting access, using encryption, testing for vulnerabilities, advanced malware detection, employing pseudonymization and anonymization techniques, and more.
Though we hate to say it, despite our efforts, we can't guarantee that user information will not be accessed, viewed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed as a result of a breach of any of our safeguards. You provide us with information at your own risk. If you are attacked by hackers or human errors when you visit our website or use our plug-ins, it is not caused by our website or plug-ins, and we are not responsible for it.
4. How do we share your data
We know how important your personal data is to you, so we will never sell it. We don't share your personal data with other companies. We generally do not share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies.
5. No advertising companies collect data through our service.
We do not allow advertising companies to collect data through our service for ad targeting.
6. Analytics providers access data on our behalf.
Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user.
7. Our full privacy policy includes more information.
This privacy policy was last updated on 2021-07-26. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place a prominent notice on our website or application.
8. You can request us to delete your data.
If you want to terminate your account and delete your data permanently, please
contact us
.
9. You can ask questions about our privacy policy.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please
contact us
.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you would like to change your preferences you may do so by following the instructions here.
Details
Agree