Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms &
Conditions
§ 1 Definitions
In these General Terms of Service, the following terms, which are written in capital letters, shall be understood as follows:
“Client” – a natural person or a legal person, or an entity without legal personality to which legal capacity is granted by the law, who concluded the agreement with Airly under these General Terms of Service;
“Consumer” – Client who is a natural person who performs with an entrepreneur a legal action not directly related to his business or professional activity;
“Database” – owned by Airly database containing data on archival, current and predicted air quality status;
“General Terms of Service” or “GTS” – these general terms of service;
“Map” – map of air pollution placed on the Platform and Airly’s mobile application;
“Plan” – set of Services and key information regarding Services described in the Pricing;
“Platform” –
www.airly.eu
and/or
www.airly.org
;
“Pricing” – set of prices and other key information regarding Services placed on the Platform;
“Sensor” – a device created by the Service Provider, used for measuring and reading air pollution rates and other data, having technical specifications described in the Platform in products section;
“Service” or “Services” – a service offered through a Platform, specified in particular Terms of Service, having technical specifications described in the Platform in products section;
“Service Provider” or “Airly” – Airly sp. z o.o. with its registered office in Kraków, ul. Mogilska 43, 31-545 Krakow, entered into the Register of Entrepreneurs kept by the District Court for Kraków-Śródmieście in Kraków, XI Economic Department of the National Court Register under the number KRS 0000639797, NIP 676-251-42-90, REGON 365524039, share capital PLN 15 350,00;
“Subscription Period” – the period of time in which the Service is made available to the Client, but not longer than that specified in the Pricing and electronic request for the Service;
“Terms of Service” – contractual models for particular Services, the acceptance of which is necessary to order and use these Services.
§ 2 General Provisions
The content of the agreement between Airly and Client is determined each time by GTS, relevant Terms of Service, Pricing and, if provided for a particular Service, the technical specifications or other documents referred to in relevant Terms of Service.
Administration of personal data is based on the provisions of common law and the Privacy Policy, which is available on the Platform.
The General Terms of Service, Terms of Service, their appendices and other documents referred to in § 2 paragraph 1, constitute a contractual model within the meaning of Article 384 § 1 of the Civil Code of 23rd April 1964.
The General Terms of Service are available to Client at any time on the Platform, Client can also copy the text of the General Terms of Service, save it or print it, using his/her device.
All terms defined in the General Terms of Service have the same meaning in Terms of Service, unless Terms of Service states otherwise.
All communication related to the agreement will be via e-mail, unless relevant Terms of Service provide otherwise.
The Client can contact Airly using the contact form available on the Platform, unless relevant Terms of Service provide otherwise. For safety purposes, Airly reserves the right to conduct the verification procedure of the Client’s identity.
Airly will contact the Client using the e-mail address provided by the Client during placing an order, unless relevant Terms of Service provide otherwise.
§ 3 Technical requirements
The following equipment is required to use the Services:
a PC, smartphone, tablet or other device with similar functions;
an active Internet connection;
updated version of the Firefox, Chrome, Safari or Microsoft Edge web browser;
The Adobe Flash Player plug-in installed and JavaScript, Frames and CSS style support enabled;
active e-mail account.
The use of certain Services may be a subject of other technical requirements that are provided to the Client during the purchasing process or in particular Terms of Service.
§ 4 Payments
The fee for the provision of the Service is determined in accordance with the Pricing, binding at the time of ordering the Service, unless relevant Terms of Service state otherwise.
The fee for provision of the Service should be paid before the deadline indicated to the Client.
Airly reserves the right to change prices of Services, but such change does not affect the prices of Services ordered before the change.
Methods of payment may vary depending on the ordered Service, Plan and provisions of the relevant Terms of Service.
Where the Service involves the delivery of the goods and the place of delivery is outside the customs territory of the European Union, the Client may need to bear other, additional costs associated with the obligation to pay the so-called customs debt specified by the regulations of the country concerned.
§ 5 Ordering of Services
To order and manage Services, it is necessary for the Client to place an order in accordance with the form available on the Platform.
Terms of Service may provide alternative or additional requirements to place an order.
§ 6 Obligations and liability of the Client
The Client is obliged to:
use the Service in accordance with its purpose, the GTS and Terms of Service;
comply with generally applicable law regulations while using the Services and Map;
refrain from providing unlawful content;
refrain from actions which could negatively affect the Service Provider, Services, Map or computer systems of the Service Provider or making any interference in the Service;
immediately inform the Service Provider about any changes in the contact details, in particular contact details necessary to issue invoices and deliveries and changes in the contact e-mail address under pain of the consequences of delivery of letters or e-mails to an out-of-date addresses. The abovementioned rigour of the consequences of delivery of letters or e-mails does not apply to Consumers;
pay for the Service in a timely manner;
provide genuine and correct personal data in purpose of ordering and using the Service;
use a software version with the support of this software producer;
compensate the damage suffered by Service Provider as a result of Client’s wrongful act;
cover any tax or custom fees resulting from the national legislation of countries not belonging to the customs territory of the European Union.
§ 7 Obligations and liability of the Service Provider
The Service Provider is obliged to provide Services with due care.
In connection with the Services provided, the Service Provider shall not be liable for:
permanent or temporary and unexpected malfunctions of the Service caused by hacker attack, random circumstances, natural disasters or force majeure;
Client’s lost profits [the provision does not apply to the agreement concluded with the Consumer];
permanent or temporary malfunctions of the Service caused by third parties who participate in providing the Service to the Client [the provision does not apply to the agreement concluded with the Consumer];
consequences of improper use of the Service by the Client or its representatives;
breakdowns or other damage of the Client’s hardware or other equipment, devices, operating system, software or damage or loss of Client’s data, caused by software provided by the Service Provider [the provision does not apply to the agreement concluded with the Consumer];
the Client’s use of software not supported by its producer, in particular in such case the Service Provider is not responsible for the safety and stability of the Service;
consequences of the Client’s use of data or other information obtained through the Service, including consequences of making the aforementioned data or other information available to third parties.
The liability of the Service Provider towards the Client in connection with the Service is in any case limited to the value of the fee paid by the Client for providing this particular Service for the given Subscription Period. The preceding sentence does not apply to the agreement concluded with the Consumer.
§ 8 Risks related to the Service
The use of the Services is not related to specific risks, with the exception of the risks commonly encountered when using the Internet. Irrespective of that, it is recommended to use antivirus software in order to minimize the introduction of harmful software into the Client’s IT system by unauthorized persons.
§ 9 Consumer’s right of withdrawal
The Consumer has the right to withdraw from the agreement without giving any reason within 14 days of concluding the agreement with Airly.
In order to withdraw from the agreement, the Consumer should submit to Airly the relevant statement. For this purpose, the Consumer may use a template statement: “Being aware of the consequences of withdrawal from the agreement, I hereby declare that I withdraw from my agreement with Airly sp. z o.o. concluded on the [date]”, but using the template statement is not mandatory.
The statement of withdrawal from the agreement made before the Service Provider accepted the order makes the offer made by the Consumer no longer binding on him.
The Service Provider is obliged to return the full price for the Service, including the price of delivery of goods (except for the costs arising from the method of delivery chosen by the Client other than the cheapest method of delivery offered in the Platform) within 14 days of receipt of information on withdrawal from the agreement. The Service Provider shall make the payment using the same method of payment as used by the Consumer or another method agreed upon by the parties, provided that it does not entail additional costs for the Consumer.
The Consumer shall be liable for any diminished value of the goods resulting from their use beyond what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods.
In the case of withdrawal from the agreement by the Consumer the agreement is considered not concluded.
§ 10 Complaints
A complaint regarding non-performance or improper performance of Service shall be made by sending an e-mail and should include:
Client’s contact details, enabling identification of the Client and communication with him/her;
Service to which the complaint relates and objections regarding Service;
the circumstances justifying the complaint;
Client’s demands related to the complaint.
A correctly submitted complaint will be reviewed within 14 days of its reception by the Service Provider. Within given deadline the Service Provider will respond to the complaint, indicating whether he accept the complaint (and how the Service Provider intends to execute it) or does not accept the complaint (along with a justification of its standpoint).
If within 14 days the Service Provider does not respond to the Consumer’s request, it means that he considered the requests to be justified.
Service Provider reserves the right to extend the period mentioned in the paragraph 2 and 3 above by 7 days if additional circumstances need to be clarified, in particular those related to third party services provided to the Service Provider [the provision does not apply to the agreement concluded with the Consumer].
§ 11 Jurisdiction and Dispute Resolution
To matters not covered by the General Terms of Service, the provisions of the law of Republic of Poland shall apply. In case of Clients who are Consumers, the choice of law does not deprive the protection granted under the provisions that cannot be excluded by the agreement under the law of the country in which the Consumer has his or her habitual residence.
Consumer has the right to use out-of-court complaint handling and claiming. Among other things, such Client has the right to apply to a permanent amicable consumer court to resolve a dispute arising from a concluded agreement.
In the event of disputes, Airly encourages amicable solutions, in particular by means of the platform
https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/main/index.cfm?event=main.home.show&lng=PL
Detailed information on out-of-court redress methods is available on the website at
https://uokik.gov.p
l.
Airly declares that it does not apply the code of good practices referred to in the Act of 23 August 2007 on counteracting unfair market practices.
For the avoidance of doubt, it is assumed that the place of provision of the Service is the Republic of Poland [the provision does not apply to the agreement concluded with the Consumer].
Potential litigations will be subject to the jurisdiction of the court of Airly [the provision does not apply to the agreement concluded with the Consumer].
§ 12 Duration and termination of the agreement
The agreement between Airly and the Client for the provision of the Service is concluded for a fixed period of time equal to the Subscription Period, unless relevant Terms of Service provide otherwise.
The Service Provider may suspend the provision of the Services, if the Client will:
violate the provisions of the GTS and/or the Terms of Service; or
fail to comply with the GTS and/or the Terms of Service; or
fail to pay the fees in a timely manner, or
use the Service contrary to its purpose, the GTS and/or the Terms of Service; or
act to the detriment of the Service Provider or its other Clients; or
perform services competitive to the Service Provider, copies services, business model, especially (but non-exclusively) if these activities are for profit.
The suspension of the provision of the Services may take effect until the Client ceased to perform the infringement behavior, provided for the provisions of paragraphs 4 and 5 below. Before the suspension of the provision of the Services, Service Provider will send a prior notice to the Client to cease the violation.
If the Service Provider has suspended the provision of the Services for the reasons specified in paragraph 2 above, and the Client fails to cease the violation (in particular fails to pay the entire remaining fees), within the appropriate period set by the Service Provider, the agreement may be terminated by the Service Provider with the immediate effect.
Notwithstanding the above in the case of a violation of the agreement by the Client, the Service Provider may request the Client to stop the violation and set an appropriate term for this purpose. In case of further agreement violations by the Client, Service Provider may terminate the agreement with immediate effect.
§ 13 Final provisions
The General Terms of Service enter into force on 13th of July 2020.
In the event that any of the provisions of the GTS or the particular Terms of Service proves to be invalid, ineffective, illegal or unenforceable in whole or in part, this circumstance will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of the GTS or the particular Terms of Service.
Matters governed by the GTS may be regulated differently by specific provisions contained in the Terms of Service. In the event of a contradiction between any provision of the GTS and particular Terms of Service, the provisions of the particular Terms of Service shall prevail.
Contractual penalties provided for in particular Terms of Service do not limit the parties’ right to claim damages, including lost profits in excess of the contractual penalties [the provision does not apply to the agreement concluded with the Consumer].
The Service Provider reserves the right to make changes in the GTS and/or particular Terms of Service due to important reasons (such as, for example, changes in the legislation, changes in the Service Provider business model, changes of technical specification of the Service provision, changes of the terms of services provided to Airly by third parties, that are necessary for the performance of the Service by Airly, changes in the offer of the provided Service), after informing the Client via e-mail. Changes in the provisions of the GTS or Terms of Service shall come into force on a date indicated in e-mail, but after at least 14 days from the moment of notifying the Clients of new provisions by e-mail.
Changes in the name of the Service Provider and changes resulting from changes in the law, which do not affect the nature, manner and quality of performing the Service, do not constitute the change of the agreement.
The Client may object to the proposed changes and terminate the agreement with the Service Provider within 14 days from the day he/she received the e-mail containing information on changes of the GTS or Terms of Service. The time period for objection to the proposed changes and termination of the agreement, for the Client who is not a Consumer is 7 days from the day that such Client received the e-mail containing information on changes of the GTS or Terms of Service.
In the event of effective termination of the agreement by the Client in accordance with paragraph 7 above, the Service Provider shall refund the fees paid by the Client in proportion to the Services not used by the Client.
Download
Airly Sensors Warranty
Download
§ 1 General Provisions and definitions
These Terms of Service constitutes an appendix to General Terms of Service and the terms written in capital letters should be understood accordingly.
In these Terms of Service, the following terms, which are written in capital letters, shall be understood as follows:
“Account” – Client’s account on the Platform, enabling access to the API;
“API” – application program interface that allows the Client to download and use data stored in Database upon these Terms of Service;
“API-Key” – Service access key.
§ 2 Conclusion of the Service agreement with an obligation to pay
The Service agreement with an obligation to pay is concluded through the Platform by the Client and Airly after choosing one of the available Plans from the Pricing.
The Service agreement shall be concluded, depending on the chosen Plan and billing method chosen by the Client, for an indefinite or fixed period of time equivalent to the Subscription Period specified in the Plan. The Service agreement concluded for the fixed period of time may be extended for another fixed period of time under the conditions specified in the § 4.
In order to enter into the agreement involving obligation to pay, the Client must complete an order via the Platform, fill out an order form and choose a method of payment, and then confirm and send the order by pressing the button “Order and pay”. Pressing the button “Order and pay” means an order with payment obligation and entering in a Service agreement according to GTS and Terms of Service.
The Client will receive an e-mail confirming the specification of the order, Plan and price.
The Client is required to pay the fees for the selected Plan in a monthly billing cycle or in advance for the duration of Subscription Period.
Please note that Airly will begin to provide the Service upon receipt of the full price for the Services, specified in the order confirmation. Client should transfer the full price specified in the order confirmation as soon as he/she receives it, but no later than in 5 days. If Client will not pay for his/her order within 5 days, Airly will give the Client a subsequent period of time, no less than 5 days, to pay for the order. In case of failure to pay within the given subsequent period of time, the agreement is considered not concluded.
After receipt of the full price for the Services, Airly will send the Client an e-mail with the Account activation link. After clicking the mentioned link, the Client will be given access to the Account through which, he/she will have access to the individual API-Key and the ability to copy it.
§ 3 Conclusion of the free-of-charge Service agreement
The free-of-charge Service agreement is concluded through the Platform by the Client and Airly after choosing relevant Plan from the Pricing or through the website:
https://developer.airly.eu/login
.
The Service agreement shall be concluded for an indefinite period of time.
In order to enter into the agreement the Client must create the Account by him/herself through the given order form or through the applications (e.g. social network accounts) indicated by the Service Provided.
The Client (regardless of the chosen method of creating the Account) must fill out an order form, providing inter alia Client’s intended manner and purpose of using the Service.
The Client who has chosen to create the Account by him/herself, after successful filling out the order form, will receive an e-mail with the Account activation link. After clicking the mentioned link, the Client will be given access to the Account through which, he/she will have access to the individual API-Key and the ability to copy it.
The Client who has chosen to create the Account through the applications indicated by the Service Provider, after successful filling out the form, will be given access to the Account through which, he/she will have access to the individual API-Key and the ability to copy it.
§ 4 Ordering the Service for the next Subscription Period
Airly will inform, via e-mail, the Client who has chosen to pay for the Subscription Period in advance, about the end date of the current Subscription Period, the fees for the Service for the next Subscription Period and the details about ordering the Service for the next Subscription Period, within 30 days before the end date of the current Subscription Period.
The Client who paid for the current Subscription Period of the Service in advance, will receive (in the e-mail referred to in paragraph 1) the pro-forma invoice including the fee for the next Subscription Period, whose duration will be equal to the current Subscription Period. Payment of the mentioned pro-forma invoice is recognized as a declaration of will to conclude the Service agreement for the next Subscription Period.
The Client who wishes to change the method of payment from advance payment to monthly billing cycle, or to change the duration of the next Subscription Period (according to the current Plans available on the Platform) should contact the Service Provider.
§ 5 Monthly billing
The agreement with the Client who has chosen to pay for the Service in the monthly billing cycles, is concluded for the indefinite period of time.
Fees are charged on a monthly basis on the calendar day on which the provision of the Service has started (monthly billing period). In certain cases, billing dates may change, e.g. if payment has not been successfully made or if, for other reasons, the Service has started on a date other than the month in which the payment was made.
§ 6 Service
The Service includes:
an access to the data stored in the Database through the API;
a license to use the Database on the basis set out in § 7;
a license to use the API on the basis set out in §7;
maintenance of the Account;
other features provided for in the chosen Plan.
The API-Key is generated individually for each Client. The Client is obliged not to share the API-Key with third parties. Sharing the API-Key is a violation of the Terms of Service and may in particular result in a deletion of the Client’s Account and disabling Client’s access to the data shared via API.
The Client may have only one Account and use only one API-Key. It is not allowed to use API-Keys from other Clients.
The Client is obliged not to exceed a specified in the chosen Plan daily number of inquiries sent to the API. The number of inquiries remaining to be used is visible to the Client in the API’s response header (x-ratelimit-remaining-minute or x-ratelimit-remaining-day).
If the number of inquiries is exceeded, the Clients’s API-Key will be temporarily suspended until the API counter is reset (refreshed once a day, always at the same time), the Client will be informed about violations of the Terms of Service regarding daily number of inquiries sent to API.
Notwithstanding other provisions of the agreement, in case of breach of Terms of Service or GTS, Airly reserves the right to block the API-Key.
The Clients, who generated the API-Key are responsible for using it in compliance with the law, principles of social coexistence, in a way that refrains from violating third parties’ rights, in accordance with the Terms of Service and GTS, and with a due care for the reliability of the information presented. The Client is fully responsible for his or her actions within any feature of Service, while using the data obtained via API and for the actions of people, who gained access to his or her API-Key as a result of the negligence of the Client.
Airly reserves the right to refuse giving access to the data if there is a justified assumption, that the Service could be used in a way that violates the law, principles of social coexistence, the goal of the Platform or the interests of Airly or its affiliates.
§ 7 Licenses and access to the data
During the course of the Service agreement, Airly grants the Client a non-exclusive, territorially unlimited, license to use API for the purpose of using the Service.
During the course of the Service agreement the Client is entitled to use the data stored in the Database without territorial restrictions, for any of Client’s business or pro-bono activities, subject to provisions of paragraph 5 below.
The access to the data stored in the Database, includes archival data regarding last 24 hours, current data and predictions for the next 24 hours, collected by Sensors and data received by Airly from other entities.
The Database is protected by the law under the Act of 27 July 2001 on the protection of databases (Journal of Laws of 2001 No. 128, item 1402) (hereinafter referred to as: the ‘Database Protection Act’). Basing on the Data Protection Act, the use of Database contrary to the provisions of these Terms of Service may be the basis for suing the person for compensation for the damage caused, in accordance with the general rules or by paying a sum of money equivalent to twice, and in case of culpable violation – three times the appropriate remuneration, which at the time of claiming it, would be due for granting permission to use the Database.
The Client who has chosen free-of-charge Service Plan is in particular forbidden to:
resell the data or Database obtained within the API;
make them available to third parties free-of-charge or for a fee;
create his/her own database using data obtained from the Database or to distribute it in any way;
use of the API, data or Database obtained within the API on any websites, platforms or mobile applications (commercial or non-commercial);
use API, data or Database for any commercial purposes (directly or indirectly).
The provisions of paragraph 5 above, do not exclude the rights of the Client arising directly from the Database Protection Act.
§ 8 Prohibited practices
Upon these Terms of Service, following are considered as prohibited:
using data on websites, portals and/or mobile applications conducting competitive activity to the Airly;
creating Accounts using other e-mail addresses;
creating more than one Account per Client;
creating Accounts for third parties (natural or legal);
creating an Account using data of a given natural person for the purposes of a legal person, organization or other entity;
creating an Account using data of a consumer for purposes of the trader;
sharing the API-Key with third parties;
suggesting any relationship between Airly and the person holding legal title to the domain, website to which the domain refers, portal or mobile application on which Airly data is used;
using the data in a manipulative or deceptive manner;
using data in a manner that compromises Airly’s reputation;
using the data in a manner contrary to law, morality or in other unethical manner.
In the event that Airly detects that the Client has violated or is attempting to violate the Service agreement, or has engaged in any practice considered prohibited, or has used Airly’s data for illegal purposes or contrary to the rules of social coexistence, Airly reserves the right to block the use of the data by the Client or refuse to create an Account. Airly will inform the Client about the reason for blocking access to the data or for refusing to create an Account within 48 hours of the decision.
The provisions of paragraph 2 above shall apply mutatis mutandis if:
the Client takes action against Airly;
it is highly probable that the API-Key will or is being used contrary to the provisions of the agreement;
the API-Key is likely to be or is being used by entities that have violated the provisions of the agreement in the past or publicly stated that they will use the Service in a manner inconsistent with the law, GTS or Terms of Service. This provision applies accordingly to entities related to the entities referred to in the previous sentence;
the Client conducts activities of doubtful social ethics, in particular those contributing significantly to the creation of smog.
§ 9 Use of Airly data
The Client using Airly’s data is obliged to present it reliably and, in particular, is obliged to:
indicate Airly as the source of the data in an unambiguous manner;
provide the exact time of the measurement used;
not modify the presented data or in a clear and understandable way for third parties indicate what modification has been introduced;
indicate in a clear and comprehensible manner to third parties the scale used to determine air quality;
place a link to the Platform and the Airly logo near the data used, in a way that leaves no doubt which of the presented data comes from Airly.
In the event of doubt, Airly decides whether the data is presented in a fair manner [the provision does not apply to the agreement concluded with the Consumer].
§ 10 Use of the Airly logo
During the course of the Service agreement, Airly grants the Client a non-exclusive, territorially unlimited license to use the Airly logo for the purpose of performing Client’s obligations specified in § 9 paragraph 1(e).
Airly logo is available for download on the Platform.
Airly does not agree to interfere with the integrity of the logo or make any modifications to it.
§ 11 Termination
The Client who has chosen to pay for the Service in the monthly billing cycles, may terminate the Service agreement at any time, with the Service provided until the end of the monthly billing period. Termination of the agreement is made by disconnecting the payment card. To disconnect the payment card, Client must contact Airly.
The Client who has chosen free-of-charge Service Plan may resign from the Service at any time.
§ 12 Final provisions
These Terms of Service enter into force on 13th of July 2020.
The liability of the Service Provider towards the Client, who has chosen to pay for the Service in the monthly billing cycles, in connection with the Service is in any case limited to the value of the last fee paid by the Client for providing the Service.
The liability of the Service Provider towards the Client, who has chosen free-of-charge Service Plan, is excluded.
The provisions of the paragraphs 2 and 3 above, do not apply to the agreement concluded with the Consumer.
In matters not covered with these Terms of Service, the provisions of the General Terms of Service are applicable.
Download
Data Read Service
Download
Airly Map Terms of Service
Download
Airly respects the personal data of its customers and users of Airly products and services, and complies with the data protection requirements of generally applicable laws, in particular the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (GDPR). Airly takes care of the security of the data of users of Airly products and services, using appropriate technical, logistical, administrative, and physical protection measures for this purpose. Airly ensures that Airly employees and associates are trained in data protection. This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the “Privacy Policy”) sets out the rules for Airly’s processing of personal data in the use of Airly products and services, in particular on the airly.org platform, the Airly mobile application and the Airly AI Word Plugin.
§ 1 Data Controller
The controller of your personal data is Airly sp. z o.o. with its registered office in Kraków, ul. Mogilska 43, 31-545 Kraków.
You can contact us through:
postal address: 43 Mogilska St., 31-545 Krakow;
e-mail address:
rodo@airly.org
§ 2 Scope of personal data, purposes, legal basis for processing and retention periods
Conclusion, execution and settlement of a contract for the provision of services and/or sale of products
To conclude, execute and clear the contract, we may process the following personal data: identification data (name, surname, business name), address data, data on professional entitlements, job title, tax ID, REGON, e-mail address, telephone number, bank account number, signature.
Legal basis:
With regard to data necessary for performance or to take action at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract, e.g. identification data or data necessary to verify whether a person is authorized to represent the Customer – the legal basis is necessity for performance of the contract or to take action at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract [Article 6(1)(b) GDPR].
With regard to data that are not necessary, but facilitate communication with the customer in connection with the conclusion, execution and settlement of the contract – the legal basis is the administrator’s legitimate interest in maintaining contact with customers [Article 6(1)(f) GDPR]. With regard to the fulfillment of Airly’s obligations under the law, including, but not limited to, tax and accounting regulations – the necessity to fulfill the controller’s legal obligation (Article 6(1)(c) GDPR].
Storage period:
For the purpose of entering into, executing and settling the contract, your data will be processed for the duration of the contract, and thereafter until the statute of limitations for claims related to the performance of the contract (as a rule, the statute of limitations expires at the end of the calendar year after three years from the due date of the claim). In order to comply with our tax and accounting obligations, your data will be kept for five years after the end of the fiscal year from which the invoice in question originated.
Creation and maintenance of ADP Account (Airly Data Platform) in Airly Platform
In order to create and maintain an ADP Account on the Airly Platform, we may process the following personal data: first name, last name, email address, login, temporary password, access information for certain sensors, IP address.
Legal basis:
Necessity for the performance of the contract [Article 6(1)(b) GDPR].
Storage period:
Your data will be processed for the duration of the contract, and thereafter until the statute of limitations for claims related to the performance of the contract (as a rule, the statute of limitations expires at the end of the calendar year after three years from the due date of the claim).
Purchase, recording and monitoring of sensor operation
For the purpose of purchasing, registering and monitoring sensor performance, we may process the following personal data: first name, last name, email address, telephone number, job title, business, and address.
Legal basis:
Necessity for the performance of the contract [Article 6(1)(b) GDPR].
Storage period:
Your data will be processed for the duration of the contract, and thereafter until the statute of limitations for claims related to the performance of the contract (as a rule, the statute of limitations expires at the end of the calendar year after three years from the due date of the claim).
Creation and maintenance of an API Account
In order to create and maintain an API Account, we may process the following personal data: email address, when logging in with Facebook: first name, last name, gender profile photo; when logging in with Google: first name, last name, profile photo, email address; when logging in with Github: username, email address.
Legal basis:
Necessity for the performance of the contract [Article 6(1)(b) GDPR].
Storage period:
Your data will be processed for 7 days after you request to delete your account.
Using the Airly AI for Word
In order to use the Airly AI for Word, we may process your personal data in the form of your email address and the data you enter into the application.
Legal Basis:
Data obtained to enable you to use the Airly AI Word Plugin application is processed on the basis of necessity for the performance of the digital service contract that is the Airly AI Word Plugin application [Article 6(1)(b) GDPR].
Storage period:
Your data will be processed for the duration of the contract, i.e. for the period during which you have the Airly AI Word Plugin app installed on your device, and after that period until the statute of limitations for any claims related to the provision of the app to you and your use of its functionality (as a rule, the statute of limitations expires at the end of a calendar year after three from the date the claim is due).
Creating and maintaining an Airly AI app account on Airly Platform
In order to create and maintain an Airly AI app account on Airly Platform, we may process the following personal data: first name, last name, email address, login, temporary password, information you entered into the Airly AI app, IP address.
Legal basis:
Necessity for the performance of the contract [Article 6(1)(b) GDPR].
Storage period:
Your data will be processed for the duration of the contract, and thereafter until the statute of limitations for claims related to the performance of the contract (as a rule, the statute of limitations expires at the end of the calendar year after three years from the due date of the claim). To the extent that your data is processed by OpenAI Ireland Ltd to enable you to use Airly AI app, the information you enter into the Airly AI app will be processed by OpenAI Ireland Ltd for a period of 30 days after you enter it into the app, unless OpenAI is legally required to retain it.
Marketing of Airly products and services
In order to advertise our products and services, we may process the following personal data: name, surname, email address, telephone, job title, business name, other data obtained from publicly available sources.Through Google Analytics: Google Analytics cookies (data related to your device and browser and your actions on the website or application), advertising identifiers (cookies related to Google ads).If you use the Airly mobile app, upon your request, we may send you PUSH messages informing you of current Airly promotions, products and services. At your request, Airly may also send you PUSH messages informing you of current Airly promotions, products and services dedicated to your location. In any of the above cases, the sending of messages and the processing of location data is voluntary and is done upon your consent, which can be withdrawn at any time, without prejudice to the use of other features of the application.If you use our social media (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube), we process the data you have shared while using these social media (e.g. your ID, photo, posts, comments, likes).The rules for the processing of personal data by the controllers of the aforementioned social networks can be found at the following links:
– for Facebook and Instagram: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/center/
– for Twitter: https://twitter.com/en/privacy
– for Linkedin: https://pl.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
– for YouTube: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Legal basis:
The controller’s legitimate interest in marketing its own products and services [Article 6(1)(f) GDPR].
Storage period:
Your data will be processed for a period of 14 months after collection, unless you have earlier objected to the processing of your data
Using the mobile app
In order to use the mobile application, we may process the following personal data: email address, data you provided in an email sent to Airly, location data, information regarding your request to receive marketing notifications, information regarding your request to receive job offers and current recruitments.
process location data to allow you to check the air quality status at your location in the app,
send PUSH messages on the air quality condition at your location,
enable you to use a widget service that keeps you updated on the air quality condition at your location including when the app is not active or running in the background,
send PUSH messages on Airly job openings and Airly’s current recruitments specific to your location.
Airly processes information that may (but need not) be considered personal data, using
third-party-provided tools that perform similar functions to cookies, to maintain, improve and develop
the app and customize some of the content you see in the app to your preferences.
Provision of the above data is completely voluntary, but necessary for all purposes mentioned above. You can change your location sharing settings at any time and withdraw your consent to receive marketing information or information about job openings (and current recruitments).
Legal basis:
Data obtained to enable you to use the mobile application is processed on the basis of necessity for the performance of the contract for the provision of a digital service that is the Airly app [Article 6(1)(b) GDPR].
Data obtained for the purpose of providing information about job offers and current recruitments conducted by Airly is processed on the basis of your consent [Article 6(1)(a) GDPR].
Storage period:
Your data will be processed for the duration of the contract, i.e. for the period during which you have the Airly app installed on your device, and after that period until the statute of limitations for any claims related to the provision of the app to you and your use of its functionality (as a rule, the statute of limitations expires at the end of a calendar year after three from the date the claim is due).
Contact by phone, through contact forms, email and traditional correspondence and social media, among others
In order to respond to the questions you ask in the contact form, conduct email or traditional correspondence, and contact you via telephone, we may process the following personal data: first name, last name, job title, business name, address, email address, telephone number, and message content.If you use our social media (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube) to contact us or keep in touch with us, we process the data you have shared while using these social media (e.g. your ID, photo, message content).
Legal basis:
the controller’s legitimate interest in maintaining contact with customers [Article 6(1)(f) GDPR].
Storage period:
Your data will be processed for the period of carrying out the correspondence, and after its completion until the statute of limitations for any claims related to the correspondence (as a rule, the statute of limitations expires at the end of a calendar year after three from the date the claim is due).
Determination, prosecution or defense of claims
In order to protect our interests if a dispute arises between us and you, we may process your personal data indicated in the points above.
Legal basis:
The controller’s legitimate interest in protecting our interests in the event of a potential dispute at the court or pre-court stage [Article 6(1)(f) GDPR].
Storage period:
Your data will be processed until the statute of limitations for claims (as a rule, the statute of limitations expires at the end of a calendar year after three from the date the claim is due).
§ 3 How does Airly obtain personal data?
Airly has direct access only to the personal information you have provided. Some of the information about you, which may (or may not) be considered personal data, is processed by Airly through the use of tools with similar functions to cookies, provided to Airly by third-party providers.
Airly may also be the controller of your personal data that you have provided to the operator of the system you use to use the Airly application, e.g. Android (Google Ireland Limited). This may include data such as your IP address or device ID. Despite having administrator status, Airly does not have direct access to this data i.e. it is not visible to Airly. However, the processing of this data is necessary to enable you to use the Airly mobile application.
Airly may also have access to data that may (though not necessarily) be personal information. In order to maintain, improve and develop the app and customize some of the content you see in the app to your preferences, Airly uses information received through tools with similar functions to cookies, provided by third parties. This may include information such as the identifiers of the mobile devices you use, the language of your device, the time you open the app, and other data you have provided to the entity that owns such a tool (see below for more details on tracking tools). Provision of this data is voluntary and does not affect your ability to use the Airly mobile application. The rules for sharing the data in question are set by the entities that own such tools (see below for more details regarding tracking tools).
§ 4 Tracking tools
Airly uses the Google Analytics tool provided by Google Ireland Limited, which performs similar functions to cookies. In order to maintain, improve and develop the Airly app and to tailor some of the content you see in the app to your preferences, Airly uses information provided by Google Analytics. The information in question may be the identifiers of the mobile devices you use, the language of your device, the time you open the app and other data you have provided to Google.
Airly uses HotJar provided by Hotjar Limited, which allows us to track traffic to our website and thus see which features are more appealing and which are not popular. Through HotJar, we have access to information such as the operating system and web browser you use, the sub-pages you view within Airly’s website, your browsing time, the source from which you go to our website, the buttons you click on.
Airly is not able to identify your identity from the data provided by the tracking tools indicated above. Information about Google Analytics and HotJar and how these tools work can be found here:
Google Analytics:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
HotJar:
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/
Your personal data will not be used for automated decision-making affecting your rights, obligations or freedoms within the meaning of the GDPR. We use tracking technologies by which your personal data may be subject to profiling that allows us to personalize the advertisements we target to you, but this does not affect your legal position.
§ 5 Categories of recipients of personal data
For the purposes mentioned above, and in particular to enable you to use the Airly mobile application, your data may be shared with Airly’s trusted partners.
Airly shall only share data that is necessary to achieve the processing purposes indicated above and only for the fulfillment of such purposes. Airly ensures that the sharing of your data with third parties is carried out in compliance with the security rules provided by law (in particular the GDPR) as well as in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
Your personal data may be processed by entities such as:
legal and/or accounting services providers;
postal operators and delivery companies;
hosting and/or cloud services providers;
e-mail services providers;
payment services providers;
Software as a Service services providers enabling Airly internal communication, project and task management and maintain and maintain contact with you;
providers of tools that perform functions similar to cookies.
§ 6 Recipients of personal data outside the European Economic Area
Your personal data may be transferred by Airly to recipients outside the European Economic Area (so-called third-country recipients) under the terms of Chapter V of the GDPR.
In connection with the purposes mentioned above, Airly may share your personal information with its trusted Partners such as:
Airly Air Quality Services Ltd. based in Derby, England, which is an affiliate of Airly, with which Airly cooperates to handle certain projects of an international nature, particularly projects in the United Kingdom;
Airly, Inc. based in Dover, Delaware, USA, which is the sole shareholder of Airly;
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, based in Luxembourg, whose hosting services are used by Airly. Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, in connection with the provision of hosting services, may transfer data to its partners outside the EEA, including, in particular, companies with equity affiliates of Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, including, in particular, Amazon Web Services, Inc. headquartered in Seattle, Washington USA. A full list of entities that may be recipients of data processed in connection with Airly’s use of AWS hosting services can be accessed at the following link: https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/sub-processors/;
GitHub, Inc. based in San Francisco, USA, whose services, with regard to the provision of the GitHub tool (i.e. the tool used to host application code), are used by Airly, and (possibly) other entities to which GitHub, Inc. transfers data in connection with the provision of the Github tool. A full list of entities that may be recipients of data processed in connection with Airly’s use of the GitHub tool can be accessed at the following link: https://github.com/privacy/subprocessors;
Google Ireland Limited, based in Dublin, Ireland, whose services, with regard to the provision of the GA4 tool (i.e. the tool used to monitor and maintain the stability of the Airly website and application, as well as to conduct other marketing activities), are used by Airly. In connection with the provision of the GA4 tool, Google Ireland Limited may transfer data to its partners outside the EEA, including, in particular, Google LLC, headquartered in Mountain View, California, USA, which is its affiliate. A full list of entities that may be recipients of data processed in connection with Airly’s use of the GA4 tool can be accessed at the following link: https://business.safety.google/adssubprocessors/;
Hubspot, Inc. based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA, whose services, with regard to the provision of the Hubspot tool (i.e., a CRM-type tool for storing information about concluded contracts, contractors, current sales, sending mailings and managing the shipment of Arily products, etc.), are used by Airly and (possibly) other entities to which Hubspot, Inc. transfers data in connection with the provision of the Hubspot tool. The full list of entities that may be recipients of data processed in connection with Airly’s use of the Hubspot tool can be accessed at the following link: https://legal.hubspot.com/sub-processors-page;
OpenAI Ireland Ltd, based in Dublin, Ireland, whose services, with regard to the provision of the OpenAI API Platform tool used by Airly for the provision of the Airly AI services and the Airly AI Word Plugin, and (possibly) other entities to which OpenAI Ireland Ltd transfers data in connection with the provision of the OpenAI API Platform tool. A full list of entities that may be recipients of data processed in connection with Airly’s use of the OpenAI API Platform tool can be accessed at the following link: https://platform.openai.com/subprocessors;
Rollbar, Inc. based in San Francisco, USA, whose services, with regard to the provision of the Rollbar tool [i.e., a tool for the detection, reporting, analysis and subsequent repair of software bugs that may occur in certain Airly products provided to customers and users (e.g., APIs, ADPs)], are used by Airly and (possibly) other entities to which Rollbar, Inc. transfers data in connection with the provision of the Rollbar tool. A full list of entities that may be recipients of data processed in connection with Airly’s use of the Rollbar tool can be accessed at the following link: https://docs.rollbar.com/docs/data-subprocessors;
Slack Technologies Limited, based in Dublin, Ireland, which provides Airly with services consisting of access to the Slack tool (i.e. an internal communication and project management tool). In connection with the provision of the Slack tool, Slack Technologies Limited may transfer data to its partners outside the EEA, including, in particular, companies affiliated with Slack Technologies Limited. A full list of entities that may be recipients of data processed in connection with Airly’s use of the Slack tool can be accessed at the following link: https://www.salesforce.com/company/legal/trust-and-compliance-documentation/;
Stripe Payments Europe, Ltd. with headquarters in Dublin, Ireland, whose services, in terms of providing the Stripe tool (i.e. an online payment processing tool), are used by Airly. In connection with the provision of the Stripe tool, Stripe Payments Europe, Ltd. may transfer data to its partners outside the EEA, including, in particular companies affiliated with Stripe Payments Europe, Ltd., in particular Stripe, Inc. headquartered in San Francisco, California, USA. A full list of entities that may be recipients of data processed in connection with Airly’s use of the Stripe tool can be accessed at the following link: https://stripe.com/en-pl/legal/service-providers;
The Rocket Science Group, LLC, with headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia, USA, whose services, in terms of providing the Mailchimp tool (i.e. the tool used to send mailings to Airly API users), are used by Airly, and (possibly) other entities to which The Rocket Science Group, LLC transfers data in connection with the provision of the Mailchimp tool. A full list of entities that may be recipients of data processed in connection with Airly’s use of the Mailchimp tool can be accessed at the following link: https://shorturl.at/dosGY.
Therefore, the transfer of your personal data to a third country may be based on the following legal mechanisms:
the European Commission’s decision finding adequate protection of personal data by a third country – Airly transfers your personal data to entities based in the United Kingdom, where, in accordance with the mentioned European Commission’s decision, an adequate level of protection of personal data is ensured. The European Commission’s decision finding adequate protection of personal data by the United Kingdom, i.e. Decision 2021/1772 of June 28, 2021, is currently in force. The aforementioned decision is available in the database of European Union legislation (Access to European Union Law) at http://eur-lex.europa.eu;
the European Commission’s decision finding adequacy of protection for safe and trusted data flows between the EU and the US – Airly transfers personal data to entities, based in the US, that have committed to participate in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework. According to the European Commission’s decision, personal data can safely flow from the EU to entities participating in the Data Privacy Framework, and no additional data protection safeguards are required. The European Commission’s Implementing Decision of July 10, 2023, issued on the basis of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council, stating the adequate level of personal data protection provided by the EU-US Data Protection Framework, is currently in force. The text of the decision is available in the Database of European Union legislation at http://eur-lex.europa.eu. A list of entities enrolled in the Data Protection Framework can be found at https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search;
standard contractual clauses – Airly transfers personal data to entities outside the EEA that have committed themselves to use standard contractual clauses and provide an adequate level of security for the personal data received. The standard contract clauses indicated in European Commission decision 2021/914 of June 4, 2021, shall apply. The aforementioned decision is available in the database of European Union legislation (Access to European Union Law) at http://eur-lex.europa.eu;
performance of the contract – in certain exceptional cases where a data recipient from a third country has not committed itself to the application of standard contractual clauses, your data may be transferred where this is necessary to perform the contract between you and Airly or to implement pre-contractual measures taken at your request;
your consent – if none of the above grounds for data transfer to a recipient outside the EEA apply, Airly will only transfer your data to a recipient from a third provided you have given your explicit consent. Nevertheless, we would like to inform you that in such a case there is a risk that your personal data will not be adequately protected when transferred to a recipient outside the EEA.
§ 7 Rights of the data subject
In connection with the processing of your personal data, you have the following rights:
Right of access to personal data – you have the right to obtain information about, among other things, what personal data is processed by Airly, for what purposes, to whom it is shared, for how long it is processed (or based on what criteria this time is determined), etc.
Right to rectification and completion of personal data – you can request rectification of your data if it is incorrect and completion of incomplete personal data.
Right to erasure of personal data – you can demand immediate erasure of your personal data when:
the personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed,
your consent to process your personal data has been effectively withdrawn,
you have objected to the processing of personal data for marketing purposes,
you have objected to the processing (including through profiling) of your personal data based on a third-party legitimate interest pursued by the controller, unless there are valid, legitimate grounds on the part of the controller for the processing of your personal data that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or there are grounds for establishing, asserting or defending claims.
The right to restrict the processing of personal data – you can request to restrict the processing of personal data when:
you question the accuracy of your personal data – for a period of time to allow you to verify the accuracy of the questioned data,
in your opinion the processing is unlawful, and you object to the deletion of the personal data, requesting instead the restriction of its use,
your personal data are no longer needed for the purposes of processing, but you need them to establish, assert or defend claims,
you have raised an objection [under Article 21(1) GDPR] to the processing – until it is determined whether the controller’s legitimate interests prevail over the basis of your objection.
If you have requested a restriction of the processing of your personal data, we will refrain from processing your data except for storage or in order to determine, prosecute or defend claims, or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person, or for compelling reasons of public interest of the European Union or a Member State. You will be informed before the restriction of processing is lifted.
Right to data portability – you may request that your personal data be released in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format and sent to another controller. The above applies when data is processed on the basis of consent [Article 6(1)(a) GDPR] or on the basis of a contract [Article 6(1)(b) GDPR] and when processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to object to processing – if the legal basis for the processing of your data is the legitimate interest of the controller [Article 6(1)(f) GDPR], you may object to the processing of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent – you may withdraw your consent to the processing of personal data at any time, which will not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of consent before its withdrawal.
Right to lodge a complaint with the President of the Office for Personal Data Protection – if Airly commits a violation in connection with the processing of your personal data, you may lodge a complaint with the relevant authority. Details on how to file a complaint with the President of the Office for Personal Data Protection (Prezes Urzędu Ochrony Danych Osobowych) can be found at:
https://uodo.gov.pl/pl/p/kontakt
.
You may submit any requests to Airly for the exercise of your rights to the email or postal address indicated at the beginning of this document, or by any other means of your choice.
§ 8 Cookies
You can find all the information on how we use cookies in our Cookies Policy.
§ 9 Miscellaneous
This Privacy Policy may be subject to updates and changes. In such case, Airly will take steps to inform you of any updates or changes that occur, e.g. by sending you appropriate notifications. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Airly recommends that you review this page as often as possible.
This Privacy Policy was last amended on 6.03.2024.
Download
Recruitment documents
Download
AIRLY PRIVACY POLICY OF THE MOBILE APPLICATION
Airly respects personal data of its Clients and Airly mobile application users, and fulfils conditions deriving from the law, especially from the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation).
The terms written with initial capital letters shall be understood in a way indicated in the General Terms of Service.
Airly ensures that its employees and contractors were given training in protection of personal data.
Providing personal data is voluntary but necessary to use all the functions of the mobile application.
Personal data controller
Airly sp. z o.o. with its registered office in Kraków, ul. Mogilska 43, 31-545 Kraków
Contact details of the controller
postal address: ul. Mogilska 43, 31-545 Kraków
e-mail address:
rodo@airly.org
Categories of personal data
Airly may be considered as the controller of the personal data you provided to your system operator [eg. Android
(Google)]. Despite being considered as the data controller, Airly has no direct access to this data, meaning the data are not visible to Airly.
Airly may access to and process your personal data such as:
location;
information regarding your request to receive notifications of marketing nature;
information regarding your request to receive notifications job offers and current recruitments.
You can modify the settings regarding sharing your location at any time.
You can withdraw the consent to receive marketing and/or job offers (and current recruitments) notifications at any time.
How Airly collects your personal data?
Airly process only the personal data that you have provided.
Purposes and legal basis for the processing of personal data
Your personal data may be processed for the purpose of:
performing a contract or taking an action at your request prior to the conclusion of a contract, and for the purpose of pursuing claims under the contract (Article 6(1)(b) and (f) GDPR);
direct marketing activities through the information channel of your choice, which are in the exercise of the Airly’s legitimate interest (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR);
providing (with your consent) information regarding job offers and current recruitments conducted by Airly (Article 6(1)(a) GDPR).
Categories of the recipients of personal data
Your personal data may be processed by entities such as:
Airly’s employees and/or contractors;
legal and/or accounting services providers;
hosting and/or cloud computing services providers;
e-mail service providers;
Software as a Service providers enabling Airly internal communication, project and task management related to recruitment;
Software as a Service providers, enabling contact with you.
Recipients of personal data outside European Economic Area
Your personal data may be transferred outside the European Economic Area (EEA) to entities such as Amazon Web Services, Inc., Calendly LLC, Google LLC, Filestack, Inc., Rollbar, Inc., Slack Technologies, Inc.
Airly transfers personal data to recipients outside the European Economic Area (so-called recipients from third countries) with the principles set out in Chapter V of the GDPR. In connection with the above, the transfer of your personal data to a third country may take place on the basis of the following legal mechanisms:
standard contractual clauses
– Airly transfers personal data to entities outside the EEA that have committed to use standard contractual clauses and ensure an adequate level of security of the personal data received. There are currently three decisions by the European Commission on standard contractual clauses: (i) Decision 2001/497/EC; (ii) Decision 2004/915/EC; (iii) Decision 2010/87/EU. The content of all decisions is available in the Database of European Union legal acts at http://eur-lex.europa.eu;
performance of the contract
– in some exceptional cases, when the recipient of the data from the third country has not committed to the application of standard contractual clauses, your data may be transferred if it is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and Airly or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures taken on your request;
Your consent
– if none of the above grounds for transferring data to a recipient outside the EEA is applicable, Airly will transfer your data to a third-country recipient only with your express consent. However, we would like to inform you that in this case there is a risk of not ensuring adequate protection of your personal data, in connection with their transfer to a recipient outside the EEA.
Period of personal data storage
Your personal data will be processed:
no longer than until the execution of the agreement, and after its execution until the expiry of the statute of limitations for claims related to the agreement (as a rule, a three-year statute of limitations);
in case of processing of personal data for the marketing purposes, until such processing is objected to (Article 21(1) of the GDPR) or until the withdrawn of the consent to receive information of a marketing nature;
where the processing of personal data is based on your consent – until it is withdrawn.
Rights of the data subject
You have the right to:
access to personal data;
rectify and delete personal data;
restrict personal data processing;
object to processing;
transmission of personal data;
lodge a complaint to the President of the Office for Personal Data Protection.
Download
Airly #Letchoolsbreathe General Terms of Service
Download
Airly, Bolt and Philips Promotion Campaign “#ŞcolileRespiră” Romania
Download
Romania Schools Loan for use agreement
Download
Airly, Bolt și Philips Campanie de promovare “#ȘcolileRespiră” România
Download
Contract de Împrumut pentru utilizare #ŞcolileRespiră
Download
Airly Sensors Black Friday Promotion
Download
Airly Helium Sensors Presale Promotion
Download
Airly LOVEME2 Promotion
Download
Airly SHE20 Women’s day promotion
Download
Airly Sensors Terms of Sale
Download
Airly Sensors Terms of Service (till 08.07.2020)
Download