Black Friday App Privacy Policy
The Black Friday app (the "App") was created by Latest Deals Limited and is available for free on the App Store and Google Play.
What information is being collected?
As part of requests to a third party service called Expo (please see below) your device's IP address, locale and a so-called user-agent string (that contains basic device information such as the type of device and operating system) are logged for 30 days.
Several of our third party services generate and share a unique ID for your device to track metrics about using the App such as crash reports.
Who is collecting the data and who is it shared with?
We (Latest Deals Limited) hold your data and do not share it with any third parties other than set out below:
Google Analytics: The App uses Google Analytics to help understand how people interact with the app. Your anonymised IP address is sent to Google Analytics and information about how you use the app so that we can spot popular features and/or sticking points and improve the experience for everyone.
Expo: To help build the App we integrated with a third called
Expo
. The App will check in with Expo's servers when various events happen, for example - when the app opens, if the app crashes or when handling push notifications. These requests contain the information set out above and, as per Expo's
privacy statement
: "We [Expo] don’t sell it or use it for advertising. The data collected and stored by Expo or with an Expo-owned account on another service are used by Expo for our operation and maintenance of the service."
Amplitude, Fabrics Crashlytics and Firebase Cloud Messaing: Because of our integration with Expo, these third party services receive information such as generated unique device IDs, crash reports and usage statistics.
In general, we make every effort to minimise the number of third party services that receive any information. We are always working towards reducing the number of third party services that gain access to even anonymised information.
Why is the data collected?
The analytics data we collect is used to help improve Latest Deals. The other information is stored as a by-product of using Expo - we are encouraged that Expo are working towards an option to disable a lot of the third party services they integrate with. This will hopefully mean we can prevent this information being shared in the future.
How can I delete my account and/or personal information?
The App is separate from our website - please see the
website's privacy policy
if you would like to delete your Latest Deals account.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may update this policy from time to time. We therefore recommend that you review this page periodically for any changes. Any such changes are effective as soon as they are published to this page.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy please
contact us
and we'll do our best to help.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.latestdeals.co.uk/privacy-policy:
We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our  1470 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may click to refuse to consent or access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing.Your preferences will apply to this website only and will be stored in Browser Cookies for 13 months. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
Please note that this website/app uses one or more Google services and may gather and store information including but not limited to your visit or usage behaviour. You may click to grant or deny consent to Google and its third-party tags to use your data for below specified purposes in below Google consent section.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies between you, the User of this Platform, and Latest Deals Limited, the owner and provider of this Platform. Latest Deals Limited takes the privacy of your information very seriously. This Privacy Policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us or provided by you in relation to your use of the Platform.
This Privacy Policy should be read alongside, and in addition to, our
Terms and Conditions
.
Definitions and Interpretation
1. In this Privacy Policy, the following definitions are used:
Apps
The Latest Deals mobile application and the Black Friday mobile application available on various platforms including iOS and Android.
Browser Extension
The Latest Deals browser extension that can be installed on internet browsers such as Google Chrome and Microsoft Edge.
Data
collectively all information that you submit to Latest Deals Limited via the Platform. This definition incorporates, where applicable, the definitions provided in the Data Protection Laws;
Cookies
a small text file placed on your computer by the Platform when you visit certain parts of the Platform and/or when you use certain features of the Platform. Details of the cookies used by this Platform are set out in the clause below (
Cookies
);
Data Protection Laws
any applicable law relating to the processing of personal Data, including but not limited to the GDPR, and any national implementing and supplementary laws, regulations and secondary legislation;
GDPR
the UK General Data Protection Regulation;
Latest Deals Limited,
we
or
us
Latest Deals Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 10286141 whose registered office is at 124 City Road, London, England, EC1V 2NX;
Platform
The Website, Apps, Browser Extension, emails, messages and any other service or part of Latest Deals Limited.
UK and EU Cookie Law
the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended by the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011 & the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2018;
User
or
you
any third party that accesses the Platform and is not either (i) employed by Latest Deals Limited and acting in the course of their employment or (ii) engaged as a consultant or otherwise providing services to Latest Deals Limited and accessing the Platform in connection with the provision of such services; and
Website
the website that you are currently using, latestdeals.co.uk, and any sub-domains of this site unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.
2. In this Privacy Policy, unless the context requires a different interpretation:
the singular includes the plural and vice versa;
references to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices are to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices of this Privacy Policy;
a reference to a person includes firms, companies, government entities, trusts and partnerships;
"including" is understood to mean "including without limitation";
reference to any statutory provision includes any modification or amendment of it;
the headings and sub-headings do not form part of this Privacy Policy.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
3. This Privacy Policy applies only to the actions of Latest Deals Limited and Users with respect to this Platform. It does not extend to any websites that can be accessed from this Platform including, but not limited to, any links we may provide to social media websites.
4. For purposes of the applicable Data Protection Laws, Latest Deals Limited is the "data controller". This means that Latest Deals Limited determines the purposes for which, and the manner in which, your Data is processed.
Data Collected
5. We may collect the following Data, which includes personal Data, from you:
contact Information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
demographic information such as age, preferences and interests;
other identification information about your device - such as IP address, web browser and operating system (automatically collected);
transactional and analytical information such as details of your visits to and use of our Platform that we send you including the pages you view, products you purchase;
details of the website that referred you to Latest Deals and, in the case of the Browser Extension, details of the site you are visiting when the Browser Extension is activated
in each case, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We do not collect any special categories of personal data.
No part of the Latest Deals platform is intended for children and we do not knowingly collect personal data relating to children.
How We Collect Data
6. We collect Data in the following ways:
data is given to us by you;
data is received from other sources;
data is collected automatically.
Data That is Given to Us by You
7. Latest Deals Limited will collect your Data in a number of ways, for example:
when you contact us through the Platform, by telephone, post, e-mail or through any other means;
when you register with us and set up an account to receive our products/services;
when you elect to receive marketing communications from us;
when you use our services;
in each case, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Data That is Received From Third Parties
8. Latest Deals Limited will receive Data about you from third parties. Some content Latest Deals is served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and content providers. These third parties may collect information about you when you use Latest Deals. They may collect and combine your personal data over time and across different websites or other online services.
Data That is Collected Automatically
9. To the extent that you access the Platform, we will collect your Data automatically, for example:
we automatically collect some information about your visit to the Platform. This information helps us to make improvements to Platform content and navigation, and includes your IP address, the date, times and frequency with which you access the Platform and the way you use and interact with its content.
we will collect your Data automatically via cookies, in line with the cookie settings on your browser. For more information about cookies, and how we use them on the Platform, see the section below, headed "Cookies".
Our Use of Data
10. Any or all of the above Data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service and experience when using our Platform. Specifically, Data may be used by us for the following reasons:
internal record keeping;
improvement of our products / services;
transmission of marketing materials that may be of interest to you;
provide you with interest-based (behavioural) advertising or other targeted content;
contact for market research purposes which may be done using email, telephone, or mail. Such information may be used to customise or update the Platform;
in each case, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
11. We may use your Data for the above purposes if we deem it necessary to do so for our legitimate interests. If you are not satisfied with this, you have the right to object in certain circumstances (see the section headed "Your rights" below).
12. For the delivery of direct marketing to you via e-mail, we'll need your consent, whether via an opt-in or soft-opt-in:
soft opt-in consent is a specific type of consent which applies when you have previously engaged with us (for example, you contact us to ask us for more details about a particular product/service, and we are marketing similar products/services). Under "soft opt-in" consent, we will take your consent as given unless you opt-out.
for other types of e-marketing, we are required to obtain your explicit consent; that is, you need to take positive and affirmative action when consenting by, for example, checking a tick box that we'll provide.
if you are not satisfied with our approach to marketing, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time. To find out how to withdraw your consent, see the section headed "Your rights" below.
13. When you register with us and set up an account to receive our services, the legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
14. We may use your Data to show you Latest Deals Limited adverts and other content on other websites. If you do not want us to use your data to show you Latest Deals Limited adverts and other content on other websites, please turn off the relevant cookies (please refer to the section headed "Cookies" below).
Who We Share Data With
15. We may share your Data with the following groups of people for the following reasons:
any of our group companies or affiliates - to ensure the proper administration of our website and business;
our employees, agents and/or professional advisors - to ensure the proper administration of our website and business;
third party service providers who provide services to us which require the processing of personal data - to help third party service providers in receipt of any shared data to perform functions on our behalf to help ensure the website runs smoothly;
relevant authorities - where legally required to do so;
in each case, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Keeping Data Secure
16. We will use technical and organisational measures to safeguard your Data, for example:
access to your account is controlled by a password and a username that is unique to you.
we store your Data on secure servers
17. Technical and organisational measures include measures to deal with any suspected data breach. If you suspect any misuse or loss or unauthorised access to your Data, please let us know immediately by contacting us via our
contact form
.
18. If you want detailed information from Get Safe Online on how to protect your information and your computers and devices against fraud, identity theft, viruses and many other online problems, please visit getsafeonline.org. Get Safe Online is supported by HM Government and leading businesses.
Data Retention
19. Unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, we will only hold your Data on our systems for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy or until you request that the Data be deleted.
20. Even if we delete your Data, it may persist on backup or archival media for legal, tax or regulatory purposes.
Your Rights
21. You have the following rights in relation to your Data:
Right to access
- the right to request (i) copies of the information we hold about you at any time, or (ii) that we modify, update or delete such information. If we provide you with access to the information we hold about you, we will not charge you for this, unless your request is "manifestly unfounded or excessive." Where we are legally permitted to do so, we may refuse your request. If we refuse your request, we will tell you the reasons why.
Right to correct
- the right to have your Data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erase
- the right to request that we delete or remove your Data from our systems.
Right to restrict our use of your Data
- the right to "block" us from using your Data or limit the way in which we can use it.
Right to data portability
- the right to request that we move, copy or transfer your Data.
Right to object
- the right to object to our use of your Data including where we use it for our legitimate interests.
22. To make enquiries, exercise any of your rights set out above, or withdraw your consent to the processing of your Data (where consent is our legal basis for processing your Data), please contact us via our
contact form
.
23. If you are not satisfied with the way a complaint you make in relation to your Data is handled by us, you may be able to refer your complaint to the relevant data protection authority. For the UK, this is the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO). The ICO's contact details can be found on their website at ico.org.uk/.
24. It is important that the Data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your Data changes during the period for which we hold it.
Transfers Outside the United Kingdom and European Economic Area
25. Data which we collect from you may be stored and processed in and transferred to countries outside of the UK and European Economic Area (EEA). For example, this could occur if our servers are located in a country outside the UK or EEA or one of our service providers is situated in a country outside the UK or EEA.
26. We will only transfer Data outside the UK or EEA where it is compliant with data protection legislation and the means of transfer provides adequate safeguards in relation to your data, e.g. by way of data transfer agreement, incorporating the current standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission.
27. To ensure that your Data receives an adequate level of protection, we have put in place appropriate safeguards and procedures with the third parties we share your Data with. This ensures your Data is treated by those third parties in a way that is consistent with the Data Protection Laws.
Links to Other Websites
28. This Platform may, from time to time, provide links to other websites. We have no control over such websites and are not responsible for the content of these websites. This Privacy Policy does not extend to your use of such websites. You are advised to read the Privacy Policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
Changes of Business Ownership and Control
29. Latest Deals Limited may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Latest Deals Limited. Data provided by Users will, where it is relevant to any part of our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use the Data for the purposes for which it was originally supplied to us.
30. We may also disclose Data to a prospective purchaser of our business or any part of it.
31. In the above instances, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring your privacy is protected.
Cookies
32. The Platform may place and access certain Cookies on your computer. Latest Deals Limited uses Cookies to improve your experience of using the Platform. Latest Deals Limited has carefully chosen these Cookies and has taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times.
33. All Cookies used by this Platform are used in accordance with current UK and EU Cookie Law.
34. Before the Platform places Cookies on your computer, you will be presented with a message bar requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies, you are enabling Latest Deals Limited to provide a better experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of the Platform may not function fully or as intended.
35. This Platform may place the following Cookies:
Type of Cookie
Purpose
Strictly necessary cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies
These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). By using the Platform, you agree to our placement of functionality cookie.
Targeting cookies
These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
36. You can find a list of Cookies that we use in the Cookies Schedule.
37. We give you control over which Cookies we use. You can adjust your cookies preferences at any time by visting your
Consent Management Section
.
38. You can also choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please see the help menu in your internet browser. You can switch off Cookies at any time, however, you may lose any information that enables you to access the Platform more quickly and efficiently.
39. You can choose to delete Cookies at any time; however, you may lose any information that enables you to access the Platform more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, personalisation settings.
40. It is recommended that you ensure that your internet browser is up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
41. For more information generally on cookies, including how to disable them, please refer to aboutcookies.org. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer.
General
42. You may not transfer any of your rights under this Privacy Policy to any other person. We may transfer our rights under this Privacy Policy where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected.
43. If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of this Privacy Policy (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this Privacy Policy will not be affected.
44. Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act or omission by a party in exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or any other, right or remedy.
45. This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted according to the law of England and Wales. All disputes arising under the Agreement will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English and Welsh courts.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
46. Latest Deals Limited reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on the Website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of the Platform following the alterations.
You may contact Latest Deals Limited by email at team@latestdeals.co.uk.
This Privacy Policy was created on
22 July 2024
.
Cookies
Below is a list of the cookies that we directly use. For a complete list (including from third parties) please review your
Consent Management Section
. We have tried to ensure this is complete and up to date, but if you think that we have missed a cookie or there is any discrepancy, please let us know.
We use the following cookies:
Name
Description
Purpose
token
user
sessionId
Cookie preference
We use these cookies to handle user login, for security and to prevent abuse or breach of our terms and conditions.
ldSession
Analytics (Latest Deals)
We use this cookie to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookie collects information including where visitors have come from.