home
Privacy Policy
HUB24 LTD Group Privacy Policy
1. HUB24 LTD GROUP
1.1 HUB24 Ltd is a financial services company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange that was established in 2007 and is a leading provider of integrated platform, technology and data solutions to Australia’s wealth industry.
1.2 The businesses lines of HUB24 Ltd include the HUB24 platform, the Xplore platform, the Class businesses, HUBconnect and myprosperity business.
1.3 HUB24 operates via two core revenue generating segments, a Platform segment and Tech Solutions segment and a Corporate segment as shown below.
Platform segment
1.4 The Platform segment comprises the HUB24 investment and superannuation platform (
HUB24 platform
), the Xplore Wealth investment and superannuation platform (
Xplore platform
), Portfolio & Reporting Services (
PARS
) and myprosperity.
1.5 The HUB24 platform and Xplore platform are used by financial professionals to administer their clients’ investments which are held through a superannuation and investment product under custodial arrangements. The Xplore platform provides complementary capabilities including high net worth product features, managed accounts, superannuation services and PARS capability. In addition, HUB24 also offers PARS, a non-custody portfolio service which provides administration, corporate action management and tax reporting services for financial professionals and their clients. myprosperity, acquired by HUB24 in May 2023, is a provider of client portals for accountants and financial advisers. Its all-in-one portal delivers a total view of household wealth.
Tech Solutions segment
1.6 The Tech Solutions segment comprises the following sub-segments, being Class and HUBconnect.
1.7 Class’ core offering is self-managed superannuation fund administration software. Class also operates in the document and corporate compliance segment through the service offerings provided under the NowInfinity brand.
1.8 HUBconnect provides technology and data services to the wealth industry, delivering solutions to enable financial professionals to efficiently run their businesses and service their clients.
2. THIS PRIVACY POLICY
2.1 This is the Privacy Policy for HUB24 Ltd and its subsidiaries including those identified in section 20.1 (referred to as
HUB24
,
we
,
our
and
us
in this document) with the exception of myprosperity Pty Ltd, Class Pty Ltd, NowInfinity Pty Ltd and their subsidiaries. myprosperity Pty Ltd, Class Pty Ltd, NowInfinity Pty Ltd and their subsidiaries have their own Privacy Policies
1
.
2.2 It is also relevant to any Privacy Collection Notices which we may separately provide to you, for example as we may provide to you in connection with certain investment products.
2.3 Protecting your personal information (as that term is defined in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (
Privacy Act
) and which includes information or an opinion about you) is important to us. We respect your privacy, and we are committed to protecting your personal information and complying with our obligations under the Privacy Act.
2.4 Depending on which product or service you apply for, or obtain, from us, and whether you do so directly or with the support of a third party (e.g. financial advisers, brokers or accountants), some or all of this Privacy Policy may be relevant to you. However, it is also possible that a privacy statement or policy of any such third party (
Third-Party
) will also be relevant to you.
2.5 As a result, you should also refer to the privacy policy or statement of the relevant Third-Party/ies for information in relation to their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. This Privacy Policy does not cover the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information and data by Third-Parties. We, our directors, officers, employees or agents are not responsible for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information and data by Third-Parties (other than to the extent we expressly set out in this Privacy Policy).
2.6 In this Privacy Policy, and in addition to the other terms which are defined in references to:
2.6.1
Our Products
is a reference to financial products issued or promoted by a subsidiary of HUB24 Ltd. They include: HUB24 Invest, HUB24 Super, HUB24 Managed Portfolio Service, Xplore Managed Account, Xplore Wrap, the Managed Discretionary Account Service and the Wholesale Discretionary Account Service.
2.6.2
Our Services
is a reference to one or more of the following services that are provided by us: custodial services, administration services, reporting services, Our Platforms, data as a service and software as a service.
2.6.3
Our Platforms
is a reference to one or more of the technology platforms provided by us and includes the HUB24 platform, the HUBconnect platform, PARs and the Xplore platforms.
2.6.4
Representative(s)
is a reference to persons representing you, including your financial adviser and their Australian Financial Services Licensee, your broker, your accountant, your legal adviser, executor, administrator or those holding your power of attorney.
2.6.5
Third-Party Products
refers to financial products issued by entities which are not subsidiaries of HUB24 Ltd and which have agreements with us under which we provide them with one or more of Our Services.
3. THE TYPES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT AND HOLD
3.1 The personal information that we collect and hold depends on the nature of the products and/or services you use and the nature of your interaction with us.
3.2 The different types of personal information we collect and hold about you may include the following:
3.2.1
Personal and contact information
: your name, date of birth, gender, email address, signature, residential address, telephone numbers, tax file numbers, foreign tax residency status, source of wealth, source of funds, employment details and status, work history, bank account information, and for individuals who are financial advisers, their Authorised Representative Number.
3.2.2
Government issued identification
: Driver’s license, passport details, director identification number.
3.2.3
Financial, investment and transaction information
: records of your investments in the products that are available on or using Our Technology Platforms.
3.2.4
Photographs, video or audio record
: call recordings when you call our call centres, security camera recordings when you visit our offices or video recordings when you participate in some video conferences or similar.
3.2.5
Information relating to your interactions with us
: your interactions with us, including your queries or complaints. Other interaction information we may collect and hold includes: pages viewed and browsing behaviour on our websites and applications, the date and time of your visits to our webpages, geographical information, information about the device used to visit our website (including your tablet or mobile device) such as device IDs and IP addresses, and use of our digital applications.
3.2.6
Publicly available information
: media search information, searches of banned and disqualified persons register of the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC), ASIC’s insolvency register, bankruptcy register, searches of the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) registers and sanctions lists, and information provided to us by statutory bodies such as the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. We may also collect information about you from social media platforms if you publicly comment but we will never ask you to supply personal information publicly over any social media platform.
3.2.7
Recruitment information
: information provided in your resume when you apply for employment with us and reference information.
4. WHY WE COLLECT AND HOLD YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
4.1 We collect and hold personal information for purposes that may include:
4.1.1 Provision of Our Products
4.1.1.1 assessing your application and establishing your account in respect of the relevant product.
4.1.1.2 administering your investments and/or assets.
4.1.1.3 providing the products and related services to you.
4.1.1.4 communicating with you in relation to your investments and related services.
4.1.1.5 administering the products and services.
4.1.1.6 giving you access to investor areas of the HUB24 website.
4.1.1.7 managing the relationship with you, such as discussing issues with you, establishing, and maintaining records in relation to your investments and providing regular statements, reports, and communications to you.
4.1.1.8 allowing service providers to us to provide their services.
4.1.1.9 letting you know about other products and services that we and other members of the HUB24 Group may provide.
4.1.1.10 conducting product or service development, quality control or other product research.
4.1.1.11 assisting us to prevent, identify and investigate any potential or actual financial crimes.
4.1.1.12 to consider any application for employment and to manage our obligations as an employer for relevant personnel.
4.1.2 Provision of Our Services to Third-Party Product Providers
: to allow us to provide services such as administration services and technology services in respect of financial products issued by Third-Parties.
4.1.3 Provision of Our Services to Other Third-Parties
: to allow us to provide services such as software as a service and other technology services to Third-Parties.
4.1.4 Legal and regulatory compliance
: to comply with applicable Australian and any foreign legislative and regulatory requirements, for example:
4.1.4.1.1 Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006
(Cth)- which requires your identity to be established and verified.
4.1.4.1.2 Corporations Act 2001
(Cth) compliance in connection with reporting and responding to ASIC information requirements.
4.1.4.1.3 Australian and foreign taxation laws such as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 2010
(USA) – requiring us to provide certain information to the Securities Exchange Commission in the USA.
4.1.4.1.4 the Common Reporting Standard introduced by the Tax Laws Amendment (Implementation of the Common Reporting Standard) Act 2016
(Cth) – requiring us to report certain information to the ATO, which then provides it to the relevant foreign jurisdiction.
4.1.4.1.5 the Superannuation Industry (Supervision) Act 1993
(Cth).
4.1.5 To provide information to Australian regulators, law enforcement agencies, Australian government and foreign government agencies on reasonable request or where required by law.
4.1.6 Allowing service providers to us to provide their services. For example, in respect of electronic customer identification and verification and government document verification.
4.1.7 Employment applications: to allow us to process any employment applications that we receive.
4.2 We will only use or disclose personal information we collect about you for the purpose for which it was disclosed to us, or related purposes which would reasonably be expected, without your permission, or as permitted by the Australian Privacy Principles.
4.3 We may also use non-personal, de-identified and aggregated information for several purposes including for data analytics, research, submissions, thought leadership and promotional purposes. Any output is anonymised or aggregated so that no personal information or information relating specifically to you is reasonably identifiable.
4.4 We will not sell your personal information to other organisations.
5. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
5.1 The main ways we may collect personal information are as follows:
5.1.1 You or your Representative interact with us in respect of any of Our Products or Our Services.
5.1.2 You invest in Third-Party Products for which we provide some or all of Our Services.
5.1.3 You sign up for, or log into Our Services, Our Products or Third-Party Products using Our Technology Platforms.
5.1.4 You visit our website.
5.1.5 From public sources, law enforcement, dispute resolution, statutory and regulatory bodies, industry complaints resolution bodies and information verification services such as electronic identity and document verification services.
5.1.6 You apply for employment with us.
5.2 Where we engage with you or your organisation in connection with your business, we may also collect your personal information if you are an employee, director, shareholder, signatory or other representative of the relevant business.
6. WHERE WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM SOMEONE ELSE
6.1 We may collect your personal information from others. For example, we may collect your personal information from:
6.1.1 Joint investors in Our Products or grouped family members.
6.1.2 Your Representative.
6.1.3 Service providers engaged by us to support Our Products and Our Services.
6.1.4 Members of the HUB24 Group (unless we have agreed not to).
6.1.5 Publicly available sources of information, such as public insolvency registers and registers of banned and disqualified persons.
6.1.6 Law enforcement, dispute resolution, statutory and regulatory bodies and industry complaints resolution bodies.
6.1.7 Other financial institutions, for example superannuation funds to allow us to provide you with the product or service you have requested.
6.1.8 Other organisations that provide you financial products or services where we provide some or all of Our Services to that organisation. For example, where we provide custody, administration, reporting and/or technology services.
6.2 For anyone else who provides your personal information to us, we use all reasonable efforts to ensure that the relevant entity or person is required to make you aware that they will be providing your personal information to us, to obtain your consent, to ensure you are given a copy of this Privacy Policy, and to inform you that we will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
7. IF YOU DECIDE NOT TO PROVIDE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
7.1 You are not required to provide your personal information to us.
7.2 If, however, you do not do so, we are unlikely to be able to provide all of Our Products and/or Our Services or, to the extent that we can, some of the benefits or functionality may not be available. We may also not be able to assist with your enquiries, provide all of the features available for a product or service or respond to any complaint.
8. TAX FILE NUMBERS
8.1 We are authorised to collect Tax File Number (
TFNs
), including:
8.1.1 for superannuation fund members on behalf of the trustees of superannuation funds that are available on the HUB24 technology platform. Trustees are authorised to collect TFNs under the Superannuation Industry (Supervision) Act 1993 (Cth).
8.1.2 where we need to pay or withhold tax in respect of the relevant person.
8.1.3 for persons where we have been appointed to act as their tax agent to help manage that person’s taxation affairs under the Tax Administration Act 1953 (Cth).
8.2 If we ask for your TFN, you are not required to provide it. If, however, you do not do so, we may not be able to provide the relevant service and the tax consequences of not providing a TFN can be significant.
9. WHO WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO
9.1 Your personal information may be disclosed to third parties including:
9.1.1 your Representative, unless you instruct otherwise in writing.
9.1.2 your personal representative, attorney, or agent, unless you instruct us otherwise.
9.1.3 the responsible entity of any managed investment scheme you choose to invest in, and their service providers.
9.1.4 the responsible entity of any investor directed portfolio-like scheme promoted by us and their service providers.
9.1.5 the trustee of any superannuation fund promoted by us and their service.
9.1.6 Third-Party issuers of financial products that you have invested in where we provide them with some or all of Our Services and, where directed by them, to their related bodies corporate.
9.1.7 outsourced service providers who assist us with, among other things, but not limited to, custody, data storage and archiving, auditing, accounting, customer contact, legal, business consulting, identity and document verification (electronic or otherwise), banking, information technology services, data analysis or research.
9.1.8 our related bodies corporate for the purposes outlined in this Policy, unless we have agreed not to.
9.1.9 Australian banks, ADIs or other financial institutions we use from time to time in respect of Our Products and Third-Party Products.  Australian regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies on reasonable request by those authorities or where required by law. Australian regulatory authorities include: the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (
ASIC
), the Australian Prudential Regulatory Authority (
APRA
), the Australian Financial Complaints Authority (
AFCA
), the Australian Taxation Office (
ATO
) and the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (
OAIC
).
9.1.10 foreign regulatory authorities. For example, your personal information may be disclosed to foreign tax authorities such as the IRS in the USA and other tax authorities in other foreign jurisdictions. The ATO may also provide your personal and other information to foreign tax authorities. Your personal information may also be provided to other regulatory authorities such as ASIC and the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (
AUSTRAC
).
9.1.11 financial institutions and other similar organisations that we deal with in the course of corporate activities in relation to one or more of Our Products or to whom we provide one or more of Our Services.
9.1.12 other third parties on your behalf for the purpose of establishing and administering your investments.
9.1.13 other third parties for the purpose of providing Our Services.
9.1.14 to comply with a court order or in conjunction with court proceedings.
9.2 We take reasonable steps to ensure that recipients are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information. In limited circumstances these reasonable steps may not be taken, however, you will be informed beforehand, and the disclosure will only occur with your consent (for example when acting under your instruction to purchase international securities).
10. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OVERSEAS
10.1 We operate our business in Australia. We may, however, share your personal information with recipients outside Australia (unless we agree with you not to) to assist us with the operation of our business and the provision of products and services to you.
10.2 The types of recipients may include:
10.2.1 Our employees and contractors working remotely and other service providers to us. This is to allow them to undertake their roles and to provide their services to us.
10.2.2 Service providers to us or other Third-Parties engaged by us and which hold data or operate outside of Australia.
10.2.3 Overseas issuers, managers, registries or administrators in the course of administering non-custodial assets on your behalf.
10.2.4 Foreign regulatory authorities. For example, your personal information may be disclosed to foreign tax authorities such as the IRS in the USA and other tax authorities in other foreign jurisdictions. The ATO may provide your personal and other information to foreign tax authorities based on reports we provide to the ATO and where you are a foreign resident for tax purposes.
10.3 Foreign jurisdictions where your personal information is likely to be sent include the USA, members of the European Union and Vietnam and any foreign jurisdiction where you are a foreign tax resident when we send that personal information to you.
10.4 We take reasonable steps to ensure that recipients are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information. In limited circumstances these reasonable steps may not be taken, however, you will be informed beforehand, and the disclosure will only occur with your consent (for example when acting under your instruction to purchase international securities).
11. HOW WE HOLD YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
11.1 Your information is held both physically and electronically and we implement a range of measures to protect the security and integrity of your personal information.
11.2 These measures may include one or more of the following:
11.2.1 Access to our physical environment and information systems being controlled through identity and access management controls.
11.2.2 Employees being bound by internal information security policies and are required to keep personal information secure.
11.2.3 Employees being required to complete Privacy Act compliance training and information security training.
11.3 We regularly assess our information security measures against industry best practice.
12. HOW TO ACCESS AND CORRECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
12.1 We rely on you or your Representative to provide us with personal information that is accurate and up-to-date.
12.2 If your personal information changes, please contact us promptly and inform of us of your updated details. Also, if you have provided the personal information of someone else and that information changes, please contact us promptly and inform us of your updated details. Please use the contact details provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
12.3 You can request access to your personal information that we hold. You can also ask that we correct that information. To do so, please contact us using the contact details provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
12.4 We will seek to verify your identity before providing you with access, or making changes, to your personal information.
12.5 In some limited circumstances we are not required to provide you with access to your personal information. An example of where this is the case is where a Court or Tribunal order prohibits us from doing so.
12.6 There may also be circumstances where we are not required to correct your personal information. For example, where we are not satisfied that the information we hold is inaccurate, out-of-date, irrelevant or misleading.
12.7 If we do not give you access to or correct your personal information, we will notify you and explain our reasons (except to the extent it would be unreasonable or unlawful to do so). In this event, we will also provide you with information about how you can complain about such a decision.
13. USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR MARKETING
13.1 We may, subject to meeting applicable legal obligations (including under the Privacy Act and the Spam Act 2003 (Cth)), send you direct marketing communications and information about Our Products and Services and those of our related bodies corporate that we reasonably believe may be of interest to you.
13.2 We won’t, however, send you marketing communications and information if you have previously told us that you do not want to receive them or we have agreed not to (for example where a Third-Party uses Our Services and we have agreed not to with them).
13.3 If you do not want to receive direct marketing communications and offers from us you can contact us using the contact details at the end of this Policy or through the opt-out facility provided to you in each marketing message. If you are a Third-Party to whom we provide Our Services and you do not want us to provide marketing communications and information, we can record this in our contract with you.
13.4 Where products and services are offered to you, we may do so by various means, including by mail, telephone, email, SMS, or other electronic mean. We may also disclose your personal information to companies outside the HUB24 Group who help us to market products and services to you.
13.5 Please note that if we are currently providing you with services or products, we will still need to send you essential information about the relevant services or products and other information required by law.
14. USE OF COOKIES
14.1 Cookies are used in order to provide you with the best online experience possible, to monitor traffic patterns, to assist with managing the product or the service that we provide, and to identify you on return visits. These cookies are small data files sent and stored in your web browser on your computer’s hard drive.
14.2 We may access these to understand more about your preferences in order to deliver a more relevant service. Cookies may also be used for other purposes. None of the information collected can be used to identify you personally. If you wish to know when or if you receive cookies from us, you can manually set your browser to notify you of this or, in the case you do not wish to receive cookies, to reject cookies.
14.3 If you disable the use of cookies on your web browser or remove or reject specific cookies from the website or linked sites, then you may not be able to gain access to all of the content and facilities within our website.
14.4 We may use Third-Party service providers to help us analyse certain online activities. For example, these service providers may help us measure the performance of our online campaigns or analyse visitor activity. We may permit these service providers to use cookies and other technologies to perform these services. We do not share any personal information about our customers with these third-party service providers, and these service providers do not collect such information on our behalf. Our third-party service providers are required to comply fully with this Privacy Policy.
15. TELEPHONE RECORDING
15.1 We or Third-Parties providing services on our behalf, may record telephone conversations (where permitted to do so by law). If we or our Third-Parties record conversations, this will be disclosed prior to connecting to an individual and you will be given an opportunity to refuse such recording. We use all reasonable efforts to ensure that any decision you make not to have your call recorded will not adversely impact on your experience.
16. EXTERNAL WEBSITES
16.1 Our website may contain references or links to other external websites. Those references or links may in turn refer or link to other references or links. We, our directors, officers, employees or agents are not responsible to you or any person for the privacy practices of linked websites and these websites are not subject to our privacy policies and procedures.
17 MAKING A COMPLAINT
17.1 If you have a question or complaint about how your personal information is being handled by us, please contact us first using the contact details below.
17.2 If your complaint relates to how a Third-Party handle your personal information, please contact them first using the contact details in their privacy policy. For example, if you have a complaint about how your financial adviser is handling your personal information, you should contact them.
17.3 Our aim is to resolve your complaint as soon as possible and within five (5) business days. If we need more time, we will let you know.
17.4 HUB24 complaints contact details are:
HUB24 Complaints Manager
HUB24 Ltd
GPO Box 529, Sydney, NSW, 2001
Email:
complaints@hub24.com.au
17.5 If you are not satisfied with our response to, or the handling of your complaint and your complaint relates to the provision of a financial service (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) by us, you can contact the external dispute resolution scheme, the Australian Financial Complaints Authority (AFCA).
17.6 AFCA’s contact details are:
Australian Financial Complaints Authority
GPO Box 3, Melbourne VIC 3001
Phone: 1800 931 678 (free call)
Email:
info@afca.org.au
Online:
www.afca.org.au
17.7 Under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) you may also complain to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) if you are not satisfied with our response to, or the handling of your complaint.
17.8 OAIC’s contact details are:
The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
GPO Box 5218
SYDNEY NSW 2001
Phone: 1300 363 992
Online:
www.oaic.gov.au
Email:
enquiries@oaic.gov.au
18. UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT
18.1 We will update this Privacy Policy at least annually or following a significant change in our processes for collecting, using, managing and disclosing personal information.
18.2 We may also need to provide you with additional information that is specific to a collection of personal information. In that case we may provide you with a Supplementary Privacy Policy, instead of updating this Privacy Policy.
18.3 If you are provided with a Supplementary Privacy Policy, it is important that you read both it and this Privacy Policy.
19. OBTAINING A COPY OF THIS STATEMENT
19.1 You can download a copy of this Policy online at:
www.hub24.com.au
or obtain a copy from us free of charge by calling us on: 1300 854 994.
20. HOW TO CONTACT US
20.1 Key subsidiaries of HUB24 Ltd that may collect, use and disclose your personal information for the purposes described in this Policy include:
20.1.1 HUB24 Custodial Services Ltd
20.1.2 HUB24 Management Services Pty Ltd
20.1.3 HUBconnect Pty Ltd
20.1.4 Agility Applications Pty Ltd
20.1.5 Investment Administration Pty Ltd
20.1.6 Margaret Street Promoter Services Pty Ltd
20.1.7 Margaret Street Administration Services Pty Ltd
20.1.8 Margaret Street Financial Holdings Pty Ltd
20.2 Members of the HUB24 Group can be contacted at:
HUB24 Ltd
GPO Box 529, Sydney, NSW, 2001
Phone: 1300 854 994
Email:
admin@hub24.com.au
1 The Privacy Policy of myprosperity Pty Ltd is available at:
myprosperity.com.au/privacy-policy-2
. The Privacy Policies of Class Pty Ltd and NowInfinity Pty Ltd are available at:
class.com.au/class-privacy-policy/
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.myprosperity.com.au/privacy-policy-2/:
Privacy Policy
myprosperity Pty Ltd ACN 149 786 489 (myprosperity), the operator of www.myprosperity.com.au (the Website), and our related entities recognise the importance of privacy protection and to the extent required comply with the Australian Privacy Principles (as amended or replaced from time to time) set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Act).
Some of the information you provide us as part of your dealings with us may be “personal information” under the Act. This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use and disclose your personal information and applies to you unless you give us explicit consent to act otherwise.
As we are an Australian company, you are protected by Australian privacy laws. Further information on the same can be found from the Australian Information Commissioner through the following website –
www.oaic.gov.au
What types of personal information do we collect?
We will only collect information about you that is reasonably necessary for us to perform our functions and activities. We will collect your name and email address so that we can register you to use the Website. Other personal information we collect from you will depend on what information you choose to disclose to us and how you use the services provided though the Website. Other personal information we may collect from you at your discretion includes your postal address, telephone number/s, Website account passwords, credit card number and expiry date, driver’s licence details, bank account details, personal legal or other documents (such as bank statements and loan facilities), information required for payment for products and services provided by us through the Website and specific information required for a Third Party Provider to supply you with information, products or services you wish to receive. We will not use any government related identifiers to identify you in our records although information we hold about you may include government related identifiers (such as tax file number) entered by you in using our services.
How do we use your personal information?
We will use your personal information for the purpose disclosed at the time of collection, or otherwise as set out in this Privacy Policy. Except as specifically set out in this Privacy Policy, we will not sell or disclose your personal information to any person located in Australia or overseas or use your personal information for any other purpose without your prior consent, unless authorised or required by or under Australian law or a court/tribunal order. Generally, we will only use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
to provide you with information you request about us or the products or services we offer through the Website;
to provide information to persons expressly authorised by you;
to manage the Website (including your User Account);
to provide products or services you request from time to time;
to access or directly link to Third Party Websites and your Third Party Accounts;
to determine and notify you of what products or services (including third party products and services) we consider are likely to be of most interest to you;
to process and obtain payment for any products or services you order from us through the Website;
to understand your needs and Website usage to help us improve the Website, our marketing or the way we do business;
if necessary, to verify your identity or age (i.e. over 18);
if necessary, in legal proceedings or in connection with confidential alternative dispute resolution; and
to contact you for direct marketing and promotional purposes including providing you with information about new products or services, events and special offers, unless you tell us that you do not wish to receive this type of information.
We may also disclose your personal information to Third Party Providers from which you wish to receive information, products or services (including financial products or services) to:
•
facilitate communications between you and those Third Party Providers; and
•
provide those Third Party Providers with the information necessary for them to supply you with the information, products or services you wish to receive.
A Third Party Provider may include a service provider with whom we have a contractual arrangement to offer you access to the Website and who pays the subscription fee on your behalf enabling you to open a User Account and access the Website including via a white-labelled version of the Website specific to that Third Party Provider, while the arrangement continues. In that case, you agree that the Third Party Provider may upload materials to your User Account and will have full access (including editing capability) to all materials you upload to the Website or the Referring Provider uploads on your behalf. You may limit or block that access by changing the applicable guest access permissions in your User Account.
We will only disclose your personal information to Third Party Providers you choose to deal with. You acknowledge and agree that Third Party Providers may be unable to provide you with the information, products or services you wish to receive if we do not disclose your personal information to them.
From time to time we may also ask you to participate in surveys or questionnaires. These help us to improve our levels of service and to maximise the opportunities and benefits you can enjoy.
We may also send you other electronic messages updating you about products, services, offers and special offers. We will only send you such electronic messages if you have consented to receive them or it can be inferred from your existing business or other relationship with us, that there is a reasonable expectation of receiving those electronic messages. All electronic messages will identify us.
We do not collect or store your bank account information for direct debit purposes. All payments by you pursuant to these Terms are processed using the payment gateway provided by Stripe Payments Australia Pty Ltd ACN 160 180 343. By accepting these Terms, you are also accepting the terms and conditions of the Stripe Services Agreement (as amended from time to time) which is located at
https://stripe.com/au/ssa
.
How do we use information that is not personal information?
From time to time we may sell or disclose information you provide us that is not personal information or does not disclose your identity to any person for any purpose at our sole discretion, including to people or companies located outside of Australia. For example, we may sell, disclose or use information you provide us that is not personal information to determine what advertising, promotional materials, products or services are likely to be of most interest to you and to assist merchants and other third parties to monitor general consumer trends in various areas.
How do we collect your personal information?
We collect your personal information from information you provide directly to us when you set up a User Account and register to use the Website, pay for a service provided by the Website, contact us, participate in surveys or questionnaires and from information you upload to the Website from time to time. Except as provided below, we will only collect personal information about you from you directly unless it is unreasonable or impracticable for us to obtain the information in this manner. On occasion, your accountant or financial adviser may give us personal information about you. If we receive personal information about you from another source, we will determine whether the Act would have allowed us to collect the information from you directly, and if not, we will destroy or de-identify that information.
What happens if you don’t provide us with the information we require?
If you don’t provide us with certain information, we may be unable to provide you the information, products or services you wish to buy or receive.
If you wish to remain anonymous or to use a pseudonym when dealing with us, we may be able to provide you with limited information or services. However in many cases it will not be possible for us to assist you with your specific needs if you wish to remain anonymous or use a pseudonym given the nature of the facilities and services we offer.
Personal information security
We will take reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is protected from risks such as loss, interference, unauthorised access or use, destruction, modification or disclosure. Aside from the disclosure or transfer of your personal information as specified in the “Where your information is stored” section below, we will only permit our authorised personnel and other personnel authorised by you to access your personal information. The Internet is not a secure method of transmitting information. Accordingly, we cannot accept responsibility for the security of information you send to or receive from us over the Internet or for any unauthorised access, use or modification of that information. The Website may provide links or references to other 3rd party websites and resources. These websites and resources are not subject to this Privacy Policy. You should review the privacy policy of each 3rd party website and resource accessed via links from our Website, and assess whether the policy of each website and resource is satisfactory to you before you use the website or resource. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for any personal information you choose to disclose, or permit us to disclose, to a Third Party Provider or to a 3rd party through a 3rd party website referred to by or linked to our Website and that such Third Party Providers and 3rd parties may store your personal information in any location in accordance with their own security standards.
We will comply with the notification and other requirements of the Act where your personal information held by us has been inadvertently lost or disclosed or improperly accessed and that loss, disclosure or access may result in serious harm to you.
Using 3rd parties to process your information
We may occasionally use third party companies (third party service providers) to manage information that you provide or a secure third party service to process payments. When we use third party service providers, to the extent practicable, we keep the amount of personal information they hold to a minimum, have contracts in place to stop them using your information except on our behalf and obviously use reasonable efforts to make sure they are as careful with your information as we are.
Where your information is stored
Subject to the below, personal information we collect from you is stored securely on servers in Australia.
For us to provide you with the services offered through the Website or for you to access Third Party Websites and Third Party Accounts via the Website, we may be required from time to time to: (a) use your Materials to access or directly link to Third Party Websites and your Third Party Accounts; (b) disclose your Materials to Third Party Providers; (c) retrieve information from Third Party Providers and Third Party Websites about you or about your Third Party Accounts; and (d) view details of your Third Party Accounts. We currently engage Yodlee, Inc. of 3600 Bridge Parkway, Suite 200, Redwood City, CA 94065 USA (
Yodlee
) to provide us with the resources necessary for us to perform the above actions. We will disclose your personal information to Yodlee to the extent necessary for it to provide the resources and assistance we need to perform the above actions and that you need to use the Website and the products and services offered via the Website. Servers in which your information (including personal information) is stored by Yodlee are currently located in the United States, although additional or other locations may be used by Yodlee in the future. If Yodlee, or any other third party we may engage from time to time to provide similar or equivalent services to Yodlee (
Similar Provider
), stores your personal information outside Australia, the Act requires us to ensure that they comply with applicable Australian privacy laws unless you agree otherwise. By providing us with information (including personal information), registering to use the Website, using the Website, uploading any Materials or information to the Website or obtaining any products or services provided via the Website, you: (i) consent to us disclosing and transferring your information (including personal information) to Yodlee and any Similar Provider; (ii) consent to Yodlee and any Similar Provider storing your information (including personal information) on servers located outside of Australia, particularly in the United States; and (iii) agree that the requirement under the Act for us to ensure that Yodlee and our Similar Providers comply with applicable Australian privacy laws in respect of your information (including personal information) does not apply if Yodlee or our Similar Provider stores personal information outside of Australia, including in the United States.
We use third party software such as Intercom, Heap and Survicate to assist with on-boarding and communication and to track and analyse user use and experience on the Website. Among other things, this software helps us to understand customer use and behaviour and improve our Website and services.  The terms and conditions and privacy policy for Intercom R&D Unlimited Company can be found herehttps://www.intercom.com/legal/terms-and-policies; https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy. The terms and conditions and privacy policy for Heap Inc can be found here: https://heap.io/tos; https://heap.io/privacy. The terms and conditions and privacy policy for Survicate Inc can be found here: https://help.survicate.com/en/articles/3943207-terms-of-service-privacy-policy-gdpr-and-dpa.Those terms and conditions and privacy policies apply in respect of the Intercom, Heap and Survicate software respectively as implemented and used in connection with the Website and services, and to your use of the Website. These software providers transmit to and host relevant data in the United States and elsewhere outside Australia as indicated in their terms and conditions and privacy policies.
In addition to the above, some of our other third party service providers may in the future use servers located outside Australia. To ensure there is sufficient capacity to store your Materials, we may also in the future store your information on servers located outside Australia or engage other data storage providers to store your information on servers located in or outside Australia. We will update this Privacy Policy if either is the case. We suggest that you visit our Website regularly to keep up to date with any changes.
Your rights of access and correction
You have the right to access personal information which we have collected from you within the requirements of the Act. We will respond to any access request within a reasonable period.
If you wish to access your personal information, or believe that any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete, irrelevant, out-of-date or misleading, please contact us at the email address shown at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. If reasonable and practicable to do so, we will provide access in the form requested by you. We will take reasonable steps to correct any inaccurate, incomplete, out-of-date, irrelevant or misleading personal information if you request us to do so, where required by law. If we decline to make the requested amendment for reasons permitted by the Act, if you ask us to do so, we will include a note with that personal information in your file that you have requested it to be amended.
We may withhold or refuse you access to your personal information if we are legally authorised to do so or where its disclosure to you is restricted by law, is the subject of legal action, or may compromise the privacy of another person. We will give you written reasons explaining why we have refused access, or refused access in the form you have requested, unless it would be unreasonable to do so, having regard to the reasons for our refusal.
We may charge you a reasonable fee to access your information as permitted by applicable law.
How can you stop receiving marketing information?
Where marketing information is forwarded to you via electronic messages, there will be a functional ‘unsubscribe’ mechanism contained in the message.
If you no longer wish to be contacted by us or receive such marketing information, you can advise us:
•
by emailing us at
support@myprosperity.com.au
; or
•
by clicking the ‘unsubscribe function’ (where marketing information is sent electronically).
We will keep a record of your request to ensure you do not receive that information in the future.
Advertisements and Promotional Offers may be provided to you via the Website as part of your User Account. You may seek to reduce or remove Advertisements or Promotional Offers (as applicable) from the Website pursuant to the processes set out in the myprosperity website Terms.
You cannot refuse to receive information which we are required to provide you by law.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small data files sent by a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive when you visit the website. A cookie can contain certain information that the website uses to track the pages you have visited. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you personally supply. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other websites. Our Website uses cookies to assist with managing your User Account and to identify you on return visits. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to reject cookies. However, while most of the content of our Website can be viewed without accepting cookies, full functionality for the Website requires the use of cookies.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting the amended version on our Website at
myprosperity.com.au
. We suggest that you visit our Website regularly to keep up to date with any changes.
Contacting us
If you would like more information about this Privacy Policy or if you have any queries or complaints, please contact us by email at
support@myprosperity.com.au
. We will take reasonable steps try to resolve any complaints with you as quickly as practicable. Complaints may also be made directly to the office of the Australian Information Commissioner though its website located at
www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/privacy-complaints
.
Definitions
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, words beginning with capital letters are defined in the myprosperity Website Terms published on the Website as updated from time to time.
Last updated
: 27 July 2021
Sub-policy 1
https://www.class.com.au/class-privacy-policy/:
Class Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
03 March 2023
Our Privacy Policy
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully, as it describes the way in which we collect and handle your personal information. References in this Privacy Policy to “we”, “us” and “our” are to members of the “Class Group”, meaning Class Super Pty Ltd and its related body corporates (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)). This Privacy Policy applies to this website, as well as any other websites operated by us. Class is committed to safeguarding your privacy in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). This policy explains how Class manages your personal information, including our obligations and your rights in respect of our dealings with your personal information. We may revise our Privacy Policy from time to time by providing a revised version on our website. Our revised Privacy Policy will take effect from the time it is posted on our website. Please periodically check our Privacy Policy to ensure you are aware of any recent updates. From time to time we may also collect and handle your personal information in ways that are different to those described in this Privacy Policy. Where we will do so, we will inform you of this through collection notices at the time you provide us with the personal information, which notices will apply in addition to this Privacy Policy. You have no obligation to provide any personal information requested by us. However, if you choose to withhold personal information, we may not be able to provide you with certain parts of our products or services. We refer throughout our Privacy Policy to ‘personal information’ which means information that identifies you as an individual or from which you can reasonably be identified. An individual’s name, address and telephone numbers are all examples of ‘personal information’.
Background
It is important to understand that we provide a range of products and services that enable our clients and their users, and their invited users, to provide us with information relating to themselves, each other, and their own end-clients. This can be illustrated as follows:
Our clients and their representatives
(Client Users)
may provide us with personal information:
about themselves;
about other users such as fund administrators, accountants and financial advisers, whom they wish to invite to access the accounts they have established with us
(Invited Users)
; and
about their end-clients, which may be a superannuation fund trustee or an investor, whose information they enter into our products or services
(End Client)
.
Invited Users
or anyone who engages with us directly may provide us with personal information:
about themselves; and
about the
End-Clients
whose personal information they have been invited to access.
End Clients
are unlikely to interact with us, unless they are also an Invited User or provide us with an authorisation in relation to particular products or services. When personal information that relates to one individual (such as an End-Client) is provided to us by another individual (such as a Client User), we rely on the person providing us with the information to ensure they have obtained the consent of the individual to whom such information relates to enable us to handle that personal information as described in this privacy policy.
What personal information do we collect and hold?
We collect personal information directly from our Client Users, Invited Users and anybody else who engages with us directly when they:
register to use, or use, any of our products or services;
post information to our forum or blog; or
contact our support team.
As noted above, we may collect personal information about Invited Users and End-Clients from other users of our products or services. We also collect personal information from individuals generally (which may include Client Users and Invited Users) when they:
visit our website;
call or receive calls from us;
complete competition entry forms and client surveys;
book or participate in training or events;
apply for a job; and
provide material to us to enable us to provide our services to you.
The types of personal information we collect will vary depending on the purposes for which it is collected, but may include:
a person’s name, contact details and information relevant to their use of our products or services, when establishing an account with us or registering to attend our training or events;
payment information, such as direct debit information and ABN, when you purchase a product or service from us;
data that is input into our products by Client Users and Invited Users, or generated as a result of their use of our products
(User Data)
; and
other personal information that individuals may choose to provide to us, for example in a resume.
We do not generally collect or disclose sensitive personal information, such as information about a person’s race, religion or political affiliations.
We collect and use personal information for limited purposes
The primary purposes for which we collect, use and disclose personal information include:
the delivery and administration of our products or services, and those of our related bodies corporate and Partners (as defined in section 6 below), that you choose to use;
to comply with applicable laws and regulations;
to provide marketing communications in relation to our products and services, and those of our related bodies corporate and Partners (as further described in section 6 below);
to resolve support issues which may arise with our products and services or those of our related bodies corporate and Partners; and
to process any job applications we may receive.
Our collection and use of personal information via website cookies and analytics
We may also collect personal information to assist in the delivery of products and services through the use of cookies and website analytics. A “cookie” is a small text file that is placed on a computer’s hard drive by a web page server and stores information about the use of our webpage. Most web browsers are automatically set to accept cookies but if you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your browser to refuse cookies. If you do not accept cookies, this may affect the operation of our website. We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous information and data whenever you access and navigate through our websites. The types of anonymous information we collect include demographic data, the type of device you use, what section of our website you accessed and the specific page you accessed. We collect this information for operational maintenance and statistical purposes to assist us in improving our websites. When you access our websites, your browser automatically sends certain information to Google which is included in our analytical reports. For more information on how Google Analytics operates, see “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” (located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
). Through our email mailing platform we are also able to track if, and when, you open emails from us and your interactions with the content of our emails.
How is your personal information disclosed?
We may disclose personal information to our related bodies corporate (however their use of such information will remain subject to this Privacy Policy). We may disclose personal information to contractors whom we engage to provide goods or services to us (Contractors). Such Contractors may only use such personal information to provide goods or services to us, and we take all reasonable steps to ensure that such personal information remains secure. We have arrangements in place with a range of third parties who we interact with in providing our products or services, including arrangements in relation to the provision or receipt of data feeds, actuarial certificates, property valuations, title searches and other goods or services (collectively, our Partners). We may disclose personal information to, and receive personal information from, our Partners in the delivery and administration of our products and services and those of our Partners that you choose to use. We do not sell, rent or lease our client lists to third parties, whether our Partners or otherwise, for marketing purposes. We may use personal information of our Client Users, Invited Users and End Clients (where those End Clients have a direct relationship with us, such as by giving us an authorisation) in order to send marketing communications in relation to our products and services, and those of our related bodies corporate and Partners. You can opt-out of receiving such marketing communications at any time, by following the opt-out instructions provided by us. If you opt-out of receiving marketing communications, but subsequently interact with us in a manner which indicates your agreement to once again receive marketing communications (which may include using our SMSF DataFlow product) then we may do so until you opt-out again. Please note that even if you opt out of marketing communications, you may still see some promotional materials within our products themselves, and will still receive communications from us that are a necessary part of providing or receiving our products and services, and those of our related bodies corporate and Partners, that you choose to use. We may otherwise use or disclose personal information where required or authorised by law, which may include emergency situations and assisting law enforcement agencies. We take care to ensure that we, our related bodies corporate and the contractors who provide our software services only host User Data that is personal information in Australia (unless you provide your consent to us, which may be required in order for us to provide you with certain additional services). However, some of our staff (i.e. employees and individuals working on a contract basis) may work from overseas locations temporarily, and remotely access User Data from those locations, and Client Users and Invited Users may be located outside of Australia and may access the User Data which has been provided. We may disclose personal information that is not User Data to Contractors outside of Australia, including to recipients in:
United States of America;
Ireland;
India;
United Kingdom;
Vietnam;
Japan; and
Israel.
Where we do so, we take all reasonable steps to ensure those Contractors handle that information in a manner consistent with the Australian Privacy Principles. Our Partners are independent third parties, and we do not control their privacy handling practices. Please check the privacy policies of our Partners in relation to their privacy handling practices. If you are a Client User, you should also check the privacy policies of any of your Invited Users, as we are not responsible for their access to or use of any personal information that you invite them to access. Class does not provide any assurance that our Client Users or Invited Users do not display or send any such data overseas.
How is your personal information secured?
There are inherent risks in transmitting information across the internet. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. However we strive to protect personal information from misuse, loss and unauthorised access. We take all reasonable steps to protect personal information from misuse, interference and loss, and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Reasonable security measures and procedures undertaken include security audits, penetration testing, password protections, encryption tools and other security software. Internal access to users’ private and non-public personal information is also appropriately limited to prevent misuse or unlawful disclosure of the personal information. You are responsible for ensuring that any user name and password that are issued to you are protected at all times from unauthorised access by third parties.
Data Breach Notification Protocol
We have implemented a data breach notification protocol available at
www.class.com.au/data-breachprotocol
, as updated and amended by us from time to time, and you must comply with the applicable terms of the protocol.
Accessing and correcting your personal information
If you need to access or correct any personal information we hold about you, you may be able to do so using the relevant product or service we provide to you, or if you are an End-Client by contacting the Client User or Invited User who has entered such information in our products or services. If you are unable to do so, in the first instance please contact your Account Manager (if you are a direct client of ours) or using the contact details in section 12 below. Please provide as much detail as you can about the particular information you wish to access or correct, in order to help us retrieve it. We may charge you an access fee to cover our costs of providing that information to you. We will inform you of applicable fees before they are incurred. We will process your request within 14 days of its receipt or such other time that is reasonable in all the circumstances. We will provide you with a copy of personal information we hold about you wherever it is possible and practicable to do so. However in certain circumstances described in the Privacy Act we may refuse your request for access to your personal information. We will provide you with a written notice setting out the reason(s) for our refusal and the manner in which you may make a complaint about our refusal. For example, it may be necessary for us to deny you access to your personal information where it has an unreasonable impact on the privacy of others. In such circumstances, we will work with you to endeavour to find a mutually agreeable alternative. For example, we may require you to arrange for access to your personal information (in particular, where you are an End-Client) via a mutually agreed intermediary (for example, the Client User or Invited User who entered such information into our product or service). We rely on you to ensure that the personal information you provide to us is accurate, complete and up-to-date. Where you believe personal information provided by you may be inaccurate you may make a request to correct such personal information. If we are satisfied that the personal information we hold is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, we will take all reasonable steps to update and correct that personal information within our systems. You may also request that we take such steps as are reasonable to notify any other entity that we previously disclosed the inaccurate information to in order to correct the information in their system. If we refuse your request to correct personal information we will provide you with written notice setting out our reason for such a refusal and the mechanisms by which you can make a complaint.
Links to other websites
We provide links to websites that are owned and/or operated by third parties. The linked websites are not under our control, and we are not responsible for the conduct of third parties whose websites we provide links to. Before disclosing personal information on any other website, we advise you to examine the terms and conditions of those websites. Our products and services may allow you to disclose financial data, including personal information, to and from third party applications which are not affiliated, sponsored or endorsed by us. We have no control over and are in no manner liable for the manner in which such third party applications handle personal information. We highly recommend you check the Privacy Policy of any such third party applications and ensure those organisations handle personal information in accordance with Australian privacy laws.
Anonymous transactions
We provide you with the option of transacting with us on an anonymous basis or through a pseudonym where it is lawful and practicable to do so. However, in order to use most of our products and services you will be required to register with your legal name in order for authorisation of financial information to occur.
Complaints
If you wish to make a complaint about the way in which we handle your personal information, please email our Privacy Officer at
privacy@class.com.au
. We endeavour to respond to any such complaints as quickly as possible, including by providing an initial response to written complaints 10 days from receipt and investigate and resolve the complaint within 30 days from receipt. We will notify you promptly if it is likely to take longer for us to respond to any complaint and update you on the progress of our response periodically. If you are dissatisfied with our response, you may refer the matter to the Australian Information (Privacy) Commissioner (see
www.oaic.gov.au
).
Subscribe to Class newsletter
[gravityform id="2" title="false" description="false" ajax="true"]
In our newsletters we send valulable educational content.
You will learn:
Quisque auctor justo quis ante condim mollis
Nam lacinia sem sit amet rhoncus commodo. Vestibulum auctor dui eu turpis sodales convallis
Quisque auctor justo quis antollis
Nam lacinia sem sit amet rhoncus commodo. Vestibulum auctor dui eu turpis sodales convallis
Quisque auctor justo quis…
×