THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT. BY ACCESSING THIS WEB SITE OR USING ANY SERVICE PROVIDED HEREIN, (in other words using our Apps) YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. PLEASE READ THIS ENTIRE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCEPTING ITS TERMS.
(But … let’s be realistic. All we provide are apps to play the wonderful game of Bridge. Nothing more, nothing less. No great financial or other consequences can arise from using these apps, or from any failure of ours along the journey, so the ensuing should be read in the same manner as it’s been written, which is merely to comply with bureaucratic requirements.)
For ‘Privacy’ see points 7-10
1.
Parties.
The parties to this agreements are you (whether an individual or company) and Breva Bridge Ltd.(Hereinafter BBL) References to the parties within this agreement may vary, (EG We, us etc) but will all be clearly understood in standard UK English terminology.
2.
Changes to this policy
. We may make changes to this document from time to time. The latest version will be posted on our website(s) and be deemed to be the prevailing document.
3.
Compliance and jurisdiction
. By using our apps, or websites, you agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the United Kingdom (trade restriction laws, export laws or license requirements and laws regarding the sale or transport of hazardous materials, and laws regarding the transmission of technical data, including without limitation encryption, exported from the UK through the services available at this site) relating to any service, product, or download associated with this site.
4.
Registration Data and Privacy
. Registration may be necessary for you to use our products, or participate in certain services that we offer. You must provide accurate, current and complete information as prompted by the registration form, (and update this information to keep it current and correct) You authorise us to verify this information at our discretion. If any of the registration data you provide is incorrect or untrue, we retain the right (at our sole discretion) to suspend or terminate your rights to use our services.
5.
CHILDREN
. Registration by children under
13
is not permitted, and we shall block attempts by such if detected. However parents may allow under
13
’s to use our products for educational or recreational purposes under supervision.
6.
SPECIFIC APP T&C.
It is the responsibility of every user of BBL products to read the in-app documentation for the rules governing that app, and any implications relating to in-app purchases, refunds and alike.
7.
Data Protection
. We collect your personal Registration data, which will only be used by BBL, and never be sold, transferred or otherwise shared with any other organisation. We may also collect your usage and performance of our products – again this will only be used by BBL for statistical and analytical purposes. The only ‘sharing’ of data is with Mailchimp, as we use them to send out bulk emails, and we have full confidence in their industry-leading integrity in handling databases.
8.
THIS IS THE IMPORTANT BIT !
We hereby promise and assure you that as well as not sharing your data with anyone else, we also assure you that BBL will only ever contact you by email (or otherwise) in the following circumstances:
(A) To send you information (EG competition results) arising from your usage of our products. (B) Important information relating to a current BBL product that you are using, and (C) Marketing information relating to other BBL products
9.
Your Data related rights.
At any point, you can contact us and request that we disclose to you all information and data that we hold for you. You may also ask us to remove all this information and data from our records (We will not consider removing partial data) For reasons of the integrity of our data, we may elect to retain your performance information in particular competitions, but we will remove anything that links that data to you as an individual.
10.
Request to remove your details from our data.
To amplify on clause 8, if you wish to be removed, please send an email addressed
unsubscribe@wizbridgeplus.com
, or
unsubscribe@ibridgeplus.com
(depending on the app) but please note that unsubscribing means that you will no longer be able to take part in any public competitions, as these rely on a valid email contact being available.
11. Trademarks.
All trademarks and logos on our apps and websites are trademarks of BBL, whether registered or unregistered, and may not be used without our written permission.
12. Copyrights.
The copyright of all materials provided in our products and websites are owned by BBL. By using the products and websites, you acknowledge and agree that this is proprietary information that is protected by Intellectual Property and other laws, and none of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means. However you may print documents from our products or websites for your personal, non-commercial use.
13. Warranties.
BBL make no warranties to the validity, efficacy or performance of any of its products or information documents, and shall not be held liable for any flaws in these. No advice or information obtained by you from BBL, our apps or websites, shall create any warranty that is not expressly made.
14. Liability.
BBL shall not be liable for any losses, whether commercial or personal; direct or indirect damages, loss of profits or goodwill, or any other losses, consequential or otherwise, arising from using its products or services.
You further agree, that if you become entitled to any recovery, this recovery shall be limited to the amount of fees or payments made to BBL, if any, for the service, software or contents that is at issue.
15. Indemnity.
You shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless BBL from any suits, losses, claims, demands, liabilities, costs and expenses (including professional fees) that they may sustain or incur arising from (i) Your use of any BBL products or website, (ii) Your failure to comply with any applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation those regarding the export of products or technology abroad) or to obtain any licenses or approvals from the appropriate government agencies necessary to purchase or sell the subject goods and services, (iii) Your use of the content available in the apps or websites in any way contrary to this agreement (d) Your breach of any of Your representations, warranties or obligations set forth in this agreement, (iv) the sale, purchase, transportation, delivery, use or disposal of any BBL service, product, or download associated with BBL or available through other sites, or any loss suffered by or harm to any person or property in any way relating to of caused in whole or in part by Your use of BBL products or website or any service, product, or download associated with BBL (including, without limitation, any personal injuries or death of any third person caused in whole or in part by such products or services, the use, transportation, delivery, storage, handling or release thereof), and (v) any taxes attributable to the relating to any service, product, or download associated with BBL.
16. Beneficiaries.
The rights and limitations of this agreement are for the benefit of Breva Bridge Ltd. BBL has the right to enforce its rights hereunder directly and on its own behalf.
17. Termination.
BBL, at its sole discretion, may disable your account, your user name and password, or otherwise deny you access to its apps or websites. This can be done for any reason, including, without limitation, if BBL believes that you have acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of this agreement, or the spirit of the games within the apps. BBL also reserves the right at any time, whether permanently or temporarily, to modify or discontinue any of its apps or websites, with or without prior notice. You agree that BBL will not be liable to you or any third party for such modifications, suspensions or terminations.
18. Jurisdiction.
This agreement is construed under the laws of the United Kingdom, excluding ruled regarding conflicts of law.
19. Complaints and Contacts.
All complaints or contacts should be addressed to Breva Bridge Ltd, 4 Worthington Drive, Salford M7 4HG  tel: 0161 792 3821  or by email to  info@ibridgeplus.com
Last updated 21.10.2018