Skip to main content
Get 7 days free now
Close Search
Our Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 27/01/2023
Privacy Policy
Mussila provides educational mobile apps for mobile devices. This Privacy Policy will help you understand how we collect and use your information and what choices you have when you play our apps, use our Apps, use our Site, or otherwise provide information to Mussila via our Services.
Personal Information We Collect
This Privacy Policy covers our use of “personal information.” When we say “personal
information,” we mean information that relates to you and can – either on its own or in combination with other information – identify you as an individual. Personal information does not include data that has been de-identified or aggregated such that you can no longer be identified. Mussila does not own the personal information of its users.
As a precaution with younger users, we always advise teachers against writing their students full names.
When you use our Services, we may collect the following kinds of information:
Account Information.
When you sign up for an account with our services, you may provide us with personal information. This may include your name, username, or email.
Apple ID, and Google Sign In.
Mussila may allow you to register for an account with third-party services such as Apple ID, Facebook, or Google. If you use our Services with an SNS Account, we will receive basic information tied to those accounts, such as your email address or name.
Students can not use SNS accounts to authenticate in our applications. Only teachers or Family accounts have the option to use this authentication method.
‍
Information from your use of the services
. We may collect certain information automatically when you use the services. This information may include your progress and other details about your gameplay, Internet protocol (IP) address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, details about your browser or device, region or country for the users device, pages or areas that you visit before and after using the services, and other information about how you use the services. All information is only readable by the user, owner of said data, and the team at Mussila. All data is encrypted in transit and at rest,  and non-readable by service providers.
Only gameplay and progress data applies to Orðalykill.
‍
Communications with Mussila.
When you directly communicate with us, we may collect personal information and other information contained in your message.
‍
Transactional Information.
Our service providers and we may process your Payment Information to facilitate a transaction you request.
Orðalykill does not require payment.
‍
‍
Cookies, pixel tags, and analytics information (This section does not apply to Orðalykill)
We, as well as third parties that provide content, interest-based advertising, or other functionality or Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“
Technologies
”) to automatically collect information through the Services.
Cookies
. Cookies are small text files placed in visitors’ computer browsers to store their preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies.
Pixel Tags
. A pixel tag is a piece of code embedded in the services that collect information about users’ engagement. The use of a pixel allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. We may also include pixel tags in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
Analytics.
We may also use Google Analytics and other service providers to collect information regarding user behavior and user demographics on some of our services and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt out of Google’s processing of data generated by your use of the Services by visiting
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
‍ Our uses of these technologies fall into the following general categories:
Operationally necessary.
This includes Technologies that allow you access to our services, applications, and tools that are required to identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security or that allow you to make use of our functionality.
Performance related.
We may use technologies to assess the performance of our services, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use the services.
Functionality related.
We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services.  This may include identifying you when you sign in to our services or keeping track the progress in the game.
Advertising or targeting related
.  We may use first-party or third-party technologies to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our services or on third-party sites.
Third-Party Websites and Software Development Kits
In using our Services, you may access links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties (each, a “
third-party service
“). Any information that you provide on or to a third-party service or that is collected by a third-party service is provided directly to the owner or operator of the third-party service and is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy. We’re not responsible for the content, privacy, or security practices and policies of any third-party service. To protect your information, we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all third-party services that you access.
We use third-party software development kits (“
SDKs
”), such as Google Firebase, Firebase Analytics, Facebook Business Manager, Facebook Ads, Branch, Amplitude and Convertful as part of the functionality of our services. Third-party SDKs may allow third parties including advertisers to collect information about you to provide content that is more relevant to you. For more information, please contact us as set forth below.
How We Use Your Information
We only use your personal information where we have a legal basis to do so, including:
To Fulfill our Contract with You and Provide the Services or Information You Request,
including to:
Manage your Account and other information.
Respond to questions, comments, and other requests.
Provide access to certain functionalities and features of the Services.
Provide customer or technical support.
Verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device.
Process your financial information and other payment methods for products or services purchased.
Does not apply to Orðalykill.
Allow you to register for promotions, contests, and other events.
Administrative Purposes pursuant to our legitimate interest,
including to:
Measure interest in the Services.
Develop, improve, upgrade, enhance, or create new products and Services.
Ensure internal quality control.
Communicate with you for various purposes.
Verify your identity.
Debug, identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
‍
User de-identified and Aggregated Information
.  We may use personal information and other data about you to create de-identified and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access our Services or other analyses we create.
Does not apply to Orðalykill.
Information We Share
We may share your information as described in this Privacy Policy:
Information Shared with Our Service Providers
. We may share any information with our service providers. These service providers help us: (i) operate, improve and maintain our Services; (ii) perform content moderation and analytics; (iii) tailor and deliver advertising to you; (iv) provide technical and customer support; and (v) process payments. These service providers may only use your data to provide services to us.
Information shared with Developers
.
Developers of our apps and employees in customer services and support may receive information about you (such as your progress).
Information Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions
. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract.
Your Privacy Choices
(
a
)
Email Communications.
If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails.  Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested.  We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our services, and you will not be able to opt-out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the services or updates to our Terms or this Privacy Policy).
(
b
)
Mobile devices.
We might send you push notifications through our mobile applications with game updates,  reminders, or other notices. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device. Mussila may also collect location-based information with your consent if you use our mobile applications. You may opt out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.
Does not apply to Orðalykill.
(
c
)
“Do Not Track”
Do Not Track (“
DNT
”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
(
d
)
Cookies, interest-based advertising, and analytics.
If you would like to opt-out of the technologies we employ on the services, you may do so by blocking, disabling, or deleting them as your browser or device permits.
Individual Rights
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i) request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of your portable personal information.
Data Deletion
You have the right to ask for the deletion of your personal information. You can do so by contacting us at support@ mussila.com or by tapping on “Delete Account” in any of our apps and sending the email that will be drafted when doing so.
Data Retention
Mussila retains your personal information pursuant to this Privacy Policy for as long as we need to provide the Services to you and fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, resolve disputes, establish legal defences, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
Security of Your Information
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
‍By using the Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services.  If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Services, by mail or by sending an e-mail to you.
Supervisory Authority
If you are located in the European Economic Area or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.
Updates to This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time at our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you continue to use the Services after the new Privacy Policy takes effect.
Questions or Comments
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
support@mussila.com
About Us
Team
Press
Social
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
TikTok
LinkedIn
Apps
iOS
Mussila Music
WordPlay
Neon Planets ft. Dadi Freyr
Dadi Karaoke
Orðagull
Android
Mussila Music
WordPlay
Neon Planets ft. Dadi Freyr
Dadi Karaoke
Orðagull
Privacy & Terms
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Help & Support
Mussila FAQ
Blog
Contact Us
Mussila Resources
Dashboard
Buy Family Account
Give Giftcard
Claim Giftcard
Sponsors
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps