Previous
Activision uses "Cookies" to tailor content and marketing, and to improve and adjust user experiences. To find out more about "Cookies", and the options available to manage them, please
click here
.
Welcome to Activision's Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 20, 2022.
Every day, millions of people worldwide use and enjoy Activision websites, products and services. We appreciate your trust in our products and services. To provide you with great games and make them better, Activision Publishing, Inc. (“
Activision
”) will collect both personal information and non-personal information (collectively, "
Information
") and act as the data controller regarding your personal information. We take care of how your Information is processed and used.
This Privacy Policy:
explains how Activision collects, stores, uses and transfers or discloses
your
Information;
applies to all Activision websites, products and services (“
Properties
”).
Activision, Activision Blizzard group companies, and our partners, such as marketing partners and analytics providers may use tracking technologies such as cookies and/or similar technologies on the Properties. For more information about Activision’s use of cookies, and how you can withhold or withdraw your consent to using your data for targeted advertising purposes, please see our
Cookie Policy
, which is also incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy and made part of this Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns about providing Information to us or it being used as described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Properties.
Activision reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a modified version online at
https://www.activision.com/legal/privacy-policy
, so please review it frequently to ensure you are aware of any changes. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will provide appropriate notice in accordance with legal requirements. At such time, your continued use of the Properties after notice of posting or notice of such changes constitutes your acknowledgment of this latest version of this Policy and any future revisions.
Please note your use of this Activision website, product or service is also subject to the terms of the Activision End User License Agreement available
here
and Terms of Use available
here
.
Table of Contents
1. Scope of Activision Privacy Policy
2. ESRB Privacy Certified Program
3. Information We Collect and How We Use It
4. Children and Parents
5. Your Choices
6. Sharing Information
7. Security
8. Information About Your Account and Retention Period
9. Contacting Us
10. Users in the United States
Your US Privacy Rights
Additional Privacy Information for California Residents
Privacy Information for Nevada Residents
11. Users in the EEA and the UK
12. Disclosure to Users Outside the US, the EEA, and the UK
13. Disclosure to Users in Japan
Back to Top
As part of the ESRB Privacy Certified Program, we are subject to audits of our Properties and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB Privacy Certified.
Whenever you visit Properties that display the ESRB Privacy Certified certification seal, you may request information about:
Whether a company uses cookies, tracks IP addresses or uses other passive means to collect information;
Who, if anyone, is collecting your personal information and how will it be used;
With whom, if anyone, will your personal information be shared;
What choices you have regarding the use of your personal information;
How you can access and change the personal information a company collects and maintains;
Whether and how information is collected from children under 13;
How a company ensures data security, quality, and integrity;
Where and how to ask questions or file complaints.
DISCLAIMER: Although ESRB Privacy Certified does not monitor non-English Properties, Activision makes all best efforts to ensure that non-English Properties adhere to applicable data collection guidance and principles set forth by ESRB Privacy Certified, including adherence to EU and other territorial regulations outside of the U.S.
If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact the ESRB Privacy Certified at:
http://www.esrb.org/privacy/contact
; or
privacy@esrb.org
.
-
Hide Details
Back to Top
Information Provided by You
As set out in more detail in the following, Activision may collect Information from you when you: (A) create an Activision account with a Property; (B) use our Properties; (C) participate in sweepstakes, contests and promotions; (D) use Activision customer service; (E) choose to receive newsletters on products and services, receive marketing emails, and/or participate in surveys; (F) receive mobile advertising; (G) buy Activision services or products online; or (H) allow sharing through Social Media.
A. Creation of an Activision Account
Activision will collect certain Information from you when you register with a Property. Personal information collected during registration includes your first and last name, email address, username, and in specific cases, phone number. This personal information is combined with other Information such as your date of birth, country and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs and services and marketing preferences. Additionally, we collect and combine Information when you link a third party account (e.g., XBOX Live, PlayStation Network, Steam and Battle.net) to your Activision account, such as the username or User ID associated with your third party account, and the use of certain Properties may require you to link a third party account to your Activision account.
B. Use of Our Properties
When you visit or use our Properties we collect, process and/or combine Information about your use of those Properties, such as websites you visited before and after you used a Property, browser type and language, IP address, hardware and software information, advertising ID, third party account information (e.g., the username associated with your XBOX Live, PlayStation Network, Steam or Battle.net account), gameplay data, communications, usage data, purchase histories, and Social Media data. We use Cookies and/or similar technologies (collectively called “
Cookies
”) to do this. In addition, we or our partners also use Cookies and advertising IDs to serve ads in our Properties. Please see our
Cookie Policy
for more details.
Activision collects, processes, and combines data such as your age, gender, interests, name, email address, gameplay, marketing preferences, customer service, and device-related information.
Activision also publicly displays certain Information about you, including third party account information and gameplay information, on the Properties, or the properties operated by our third party partners and licensees. For example, your PlayStation username will be displayed on leaderboards if you are a top player in a certain Activision game, whether or not you have an Activision account. If you have synced a third party account with your Activision account, we, or our third party partners or licensees, may make your username available to be searched by other users if you have not opted out of this feature. You may unlink the third party account or prevent it from being searched or your information from being shared with third party partners or licensees at any time through your Activision profile settings.
To provide fair gaming experience to all players, Activision uses anti-fraud, anti-cheat, and anti-toxicity technologies to prevent any cheating and bad behavior in our games. In addition to the Information described above, Activision may monitor and/or record your game play and communications (including without limitation chat text or voice communications) and activities on your device including information about the programs running alongside the game, as specified in the applicable Terms of Use or End User License Agreement.
C. Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions
When Activision runs contests or promotions on our Properties, we collect certain Information from participants such as their name, address, postal code, email address, phone number, age and/or date of birth, or other information or content submitted by you. We may also need to collect additional information in order for you to claim a prize. That Information will be combined with other account information and will be used and shared under this Privacy Policy.
D. Interact with Customer Service
To be able to provide you with customer service and assist you with resolving any issues you may have, Activision collects Information from you including your contact details, together with details of your customer service issue and its resolution.
E. Receive Newsletters on Products and Services, Receive Marketing, and/or Surveys
Activision offers you the ability to receive newsletters or marketing periodically by email, in-app notifications, or SMS in eligible countries, about our products and services, or products or services that may be of interest to you. We also, may occasionally send you surveys to improve player experience with our games. At any time, you can manage your preferences from your account settings and stop receiving further newsletters by unsubscribing from the link in the footer of each email we send to you, by opting out of in-app notifications, or by following the instructions in the SMS we send to you. If you are a US resident, you are subject to the
SMS Terms of Use
.
F. Mobile Advertising
Our mobile games include advertising for third party products and services. By accepting this Privacy Policy and downloading or continuing to play our mobile games, and unless you opt out of interest-based advertising as explained in our
Cookie Policy
, you consent to us and our advertising partners collecting, sharing and using information about you to show you relevant third party ads that might interest you in our mobile games, and to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems.
When you play our mobile games, we collect and share Information, including advertising IDs, non-personal identifiers, and other information from your mobile device with advertising partners to enable the technical delivery of ads to your device. Our advertising partners may combine this Information with information which they have collected about you when you use their services (or the websites or services of third parties) to serve you more relevant ads in our mobile games or to improve the accuracy of their targeting and measurement systems. We recommend that you review our advertising partners’ privacy policies for more information, accessible in our
Cookie Policy
.
You can review your options to manage and opt-out of mobile advertising by (1) visiting your mobile device developer's website or reviewing your device manual. Most mobile device developers will tell you how you can manage the settings on your mobile device to opt out of and/or delete Cookies from your mobile device, or to limit the use of your advertising ID, reset your advertising ID, and/or opt out of targeted advertising; or (2) by visiting
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
and/or
http://youronlinechoices.com
, or if you are in the EU
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
, for choices to opt out of advertising. You can also click on the AdChoices logo within an advertisement (where available).
Please note: adjusting your preferences as described in this section does not mean you will no longer receive advertisements,; it only means the ads you do see will be less relevant to your interests. We will also still use your device’s advertising ID to serve you with ads that may be less relevant to you; for example, we may use this for frequency capping (in other words, to control the maximum number of times you see the same ad from us).
G. Buy Activision Products or Services Online
Activision does not collect credit card and/or billing information when you purchase products or services (such as digital content) online. However, you may have to provide credit card and/or billing information to one of our third-party vendors to complete a purchase. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of our third-party vendors before providing them with your personal information, as their privacy practices may vary from ours. At the time of purchase, in specific cases, you also have the option to provide Information (such as your email address) to Activision to send you additional information or offers.
H. Social Media
You can interact with some Properties through social networking sites, such as Facebook and Twitter (or social media plug-ins and applications) ("
Social Media
"). When you interact with Activision and/or the Properties through Social Media you acknowledge that we access your Information, such as name, username or profile picture, solely under your Social Media privacy settings, and use it to tailor content, marketing, and improve and adjust user experience relating to Activision Properties, and (1) give you exclusive content; (2) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our Properties; and (3) contact you under applicable marketing preferences through Social Media, including through providing tailored marketing, or directly by sending you the latest news, special offerings, and rewards.
When you post personal information publicly through the Properties, or on Social Media, it will be viewable by other users of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the personal information by third parties. For more information about how your Social Media uses and protects your personal information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use.
Information Provided by Other Sources
We may also obtain Information, such as contact details (for example, name and email address), country, IP address, purchase histories, marketing preferences, cookie information, hardware and software information and other technical information about you from other sources, such as Activision Blizzard group companies, Social Media, our vendors (for example, event ticket providers and, merchandise vendors, and data aggregators), or partners (for example, advertisers, media partners or platform providers (e.g., Microsoft, Sony, Nintendo and Steam)), and combine that Information with Information we have collected from or about you. We only collect Information from other sources where they have confirmed to us they are legally entitled to share it with us.
We use Cookies to provide and support our Properties and each of the uses outlined and described above. Please see our
Cookie Policy
for more information.
-
Hide Details
Back to Top
Back to Top
Your Choices About Information Provided by You
If you do not want to provide Activision with personal information, then you can choose not to provide it. If you choose not to provide us with personal information, we may not always be able to provide you with the Activision product or service you want. For example, without providing an email address, you cannot create an Activision account.
Your Choices About Information Provided by Third Parties
You may be able to control how third parties collect and share your Information by changing your preferences or opting out of collection directly with those third parties. Before disclosing Information to third parties, we recommend you check their respective privacy policies for further details.
Your Choices About Activision Using Your Information
You can exercise choices over how Activision uses your personal information and update your preferences at any time:
to remove yourself from individual contests or promotions, unlink a third party account or prevent it from being searched or information being shared with third party partners or licensees, or opt out of receiving marketing or newsletters from Activision, simply access your account from
https://www.activision.com/
and edit your preferences. You will need your password to access your account. You can also opt out of marketing communications by following the directions in the communications you receive.
To unsubscribe from communications from Activision Blizzard group companies, please unsubscribe using information in their emails or privacy policies
to disable selected Cookies from collecting information relating to the effectiveness of advertising campaigns or analytics data and from serving you with personalized advertising on our Properties or third party properties, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
If you opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us, please note we may still contact you occasionally about the status of your account, such as to inform you that your account may be expiring, or for other service related information.
If you are a user in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”) or the UK and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see the
Users in the EEA
section below. If you reside in the United States and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see the
Your US Privacy Rights
section below. If you are a resident of California or Nevada and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see the
Your Additional Privacy Information for California Privacy Rights Residents
section or
Privacy Information for Nevada Residents
section below.
-
Hide Details
Back to Top
1. Activision Blizzard Group Companies
We disclose your information with the various Activision Blizzard group companies, available
here
, including for the group companies’ own marketing purposes. Activision is not responsible for the privacy practices of the Activision Blizzard group companies and the use of your Information by the group companies will be governed by those specific companies’ privacy policies, which you may find on each company’s website.
2. Vendors, Partners and Licensees
Vendors and partners provide goods and services (for example, platform providers, media partners, event ticket providers, merchandise vendors, tournament providers, survey providers, billing, consumer services support, consultancy, information technology hardware and software) to Activision to support, operate and develop the Properties and to deliver marketing communications on our behalf. Vendors use your Information to execute, deliver and/or occasionally improve the services they provide. We do not share Information with vendors to use for their own direct marketing purposes or any other purpose other than those set out in this section without your consent. We also share some of our players’ Information (for example, gameplay information) with our third party partners and licensees who create applications and websites that benefit our player community (for example, tournaments, leaderboards and gameplay statistic tools).
3. Law
We will disclose your Information in the good faith belief we must do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability.
This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.
4. Legal Rights
We will disclose your Information where necessary for the purpose of exercising, establishing or defending our legal rights. For example, we will review your gameplay, communications, and other account information to investigate allegations of cheating, hacking or any other breach or alleged breach of any applicable Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy and disclose your personal information, including communications, to our legal advisors, consultants and law enforcement or other government officials.
5. Protecting Others
We disclose your Information with third parties where we believe this is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of any person. For example, we disclose Information relating to an online account if we in good faith believe the user of that account is using it in ways that are harmful to others (e.g. making inappropriate contact with minors).
6. Sale of Our Business or Assets
Separately, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, Activision's customer information including Information and communications may be transferred to our successor or assign.
-
Hide Details
Back to Top
Activision takes a range of security measures designed to protect your personal information and keep it confidential (unless it is non-confidential by nature, for example, publicly-available information like user generated content, leaderboard rankings, and scores, etc.).  We also take steps to ensure that the personal information collected is protected from misuse and alteration. In addition, we request vendors who process personal information on our behalf to themselves take a range of security measures designed to help protect your personal information. However, the Internet by its nature is not a secure environment and the nature of security risks is constantly evolving, as are the technical and organizational industry standards relating to management of those risks. The complete security of any personal information collected, stored or used by us or our vendors cannot therefore be guaranteed.
-
Hide Details
Back to Top
If for any reason you wish to view, correct, or update personal information collected about you, or if you want to deactivate your Activision account, simply access your Activision account through
https://www.activision.com/
or another product or service as applicable and edit your personal information. You will need your password to access your personal account. You may also send us an email asking us to deactivate your account at
privacy@activision.com
.
If for any reason you are concerned with the way we are using your personal information, or would like to correct or request that we delete such personal information, you can send your request to us using the contact details set out in the
Contacting Us
section below.
Retention Period
We delete your personal information which we process for the performance of the contract or based on your consent in case you terminate your contract with us, deactivate your Activision account, withdraw your consent or where you request us to delete your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. As an exception, we will not delete your personal information where we still have a legitimate interest to use your personal information. For example, we may still retain your Information to resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use or other user agreements, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose. In any case, we will not retain or use your personal information longer than necessary for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Due to technical reasons, residual copies of Information that has been removed from your account and/or the Properties may remain in our backup systems for approximately one month.
-
Hide Details
Back to Top
Back to Top
Back to Top
Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Information
We only process your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds to do so. We process your personal information for the purposes set out below.
Performance of the Services
We process your personal information for the performance of our services, to provide or support of our products, or for any other feature you request or enable. This includes, for example, using your personal information to:
administer your Activision Account;
provide contests or promotions in which you have enrolled;
support purchases you make;
support game functionality;
provide global customer service; or
provide a fair gaming experience by using anti-fraud technologies such as bans or blocks of accounts.
Consent
We process your personal information based on your consent. This includes, for example, providing:
newsletters, direct e-mails and surveys about our Properties or products or services that may be of interest to you;
targeted ads in our mobile games; and
certain other marketing features.
Legitimate Interest
We process your personal information where we have a legitimate interest to do so. This includes, for example, processing:
to provide you with requested customer service or technical support;
to debug and improve our current and future Properties;
in order to give you exclusive content, personalize your online experience with us and contact you in accordance with applicable marketing preferences;
to allow third party partners and licensees to create applications and websites that benefit our player community (for example, tournaments, leaderboards and gameplay statistic tools); and
for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or whenever courts are acting in their judicial capacity.
Legal Obligation
We process your personal information for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
Your Rights to Your Personal Information
You have the following rights in addition to your rights to view, correct, update, or request the deletion of your personal information as set out in detail in the
Accessing Information
section above. To access or delete your personal information, you can also make a request
here
.
You may object to the processing of your personal information based on a legitimate interest on grounds relating to your particular situation. You may, in particular, control the extent to which we market to you and you have the right to request that we stop sending you marketing messages at any time. You can use the methods described in the
Accessing Information
section above.
In certain circumstances, you can request that we transfer personal information that you have provided to us. You can send your request to us
here
.
Where we rely on your consent in order to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw such consent to further use of your personal information at any time. You can use the methods described in the
Accessing Information
section above to update your marketing preferences.
For each of the rights described above, you can also send your request to us by using the contact details set out in the
Contacting Us
section above.
We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your personal information. However, if you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities. You can bring the complaint in your member state of residence, place of work or where an alleged infringement of data protection law occurred.
International Transfers
Your personal information will be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate or other countries where Activision Blizzard group companies or vendors maintain facilities or business operations. We use European Commission approved contract clauses to protect your personal information. If you have questions, please contact us using the contact details set out in the
Contacting Us
section above.
EU and UK Representatives
For visitors from the EEA, Activision has designated Activision Blizzard Ireland Ltd its Representative in the Union and for visitors from the UK, Activision has designated Activision Blizzard UK Ltd its Representative in the UK. You may contact the EU or UK Representative using the contact details set out in the
Contacting Us
section above.
-
Hide Details
Back to Top
Back to Top
Back to Top
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.activision.com/legal/privacy-policy/legal/privacy-policy:
SORRY, AN UNEXPECTED ERROR OCCURRED.
UNBEKANNTER FEHLER.
SI È VERIFICATO UN ERRORE IMPREVISTO.
LO SENTIMOS, SE HA PRODUCIDO UN ERROR INESPERADO.
DÉSOLÉ, UNE ERREUR INATTENDUE EST SURVENUE.
Go back to the
Activision website
If your problem persists, please contact Activision Support.
Visit Support
Sub-policy 1
http://www.esrb.org/privacy/faq.aspx#10:
Frequently Asked Questions
All Content
ESRB ratings
Rating process
Ratings at retail
How was the rating system created?
The ESRB rating system was founded by the video game industry in 1994 after consulting a wide range of child development and academic experts, analyzing other rating systems, and conducting nationwide research with parents. ESRB found that parents wanted a rating system that has both age-based categories and concise and impartial information regarding content. With this philosophy in mind, today the ESRB administers a
three-part system
that includes Rating Categories, Content Descriptors, and Interactive Elements.
Does ESRB rate only physical games, or does it rate mobile and online games too?
Since 1994, the ESRB rating system has established itself as a familiar, reliable means for parents to gauge the suitability of video games for their children. Although consumers may be more familiar with ESRB ratings on physical (boxed) games, increasingly ESRB ratings can be found for apps, VR, and online games.
The ESRB is one of the founding rating authorities of the
International Age Rating Coalition (IARC)
, which administers a streamlined process for assigning age and content ratings to digitally delivered games and mobile apps. The Microsoft Store for Windows and Xbox, the Nintendo eShop, the PlayStation Store, the Google Play Store, Google Stadia, and the Oculus Store are among the digital storefronts that have deployed the IARC rating system, which facilitates the display of ESRB ratings on devices in North America.
LEARN MORE ABOUT WHERE TO FIND RATINGS
Are all games required to have a rating?
The rating system is voluntary, however all console manufacturers as well as certain U.S. retailers and mobile or online storefronts require ESRB ratings for the games or apps they offer.
Does the ESRB have any restrictions on how a game can be marketed?
Publishers of physical (boxed) games carrying an ESRB rating are contractually bound to follow the industry-adopted
Principles and Guidelines for Responsible Advertising Practices
, including requirements addressing how rating information must be displayed on game packaging and in advertising. There are also certain restrictions on where ads for Mature-rated games may appear. The ESRB’s Advertising Review Council (ARC) diligently monitors industry compliance, and if a game publisher is found to have inappropriately labeled or advertised a product, the ESRB is empowered to compel corrective actions and impose a wide range of sanctions, including monetary fines.
Publishers of digitally delivered games and apps are strongly encouraged to provide consumers with clear and prominent disclosure of ESRB rating information as well as comply with the ESRB advertising and marketing guidelines.
Who decides which rating should be assigned?
ESRB ratings for physical (boxed) video games are based on the consensus of at least three specially trained raters who collectively assess a game’s content and deliberate about what rating should be assigned to a game. Some raters are also required to play-test games post-release to ensure that complete and accurate content disclosure was provided to ESRB when it was originally submitted for rating. To eliminate the risk of outside influence, including from industry members and the media, the identities of ESRB raters are kept confidential, and they are not permitted to have any ties to or connections with any individuals or entities in the video game industry.
Games and apps that are only available online are rated via
IARC
, a streamlined rating process designed specifically for digitally delivered games and apps.
LEARN MORE ABOUT THE RATINGS PROCESS
How does the ESRB rate downloadable content (DLC) or other content updates that supplement a game or app?
Downloadable content (DLC) often refers to additional content that supplements or extends a previously-rated product. In most cases, the
rating assigned
to a game also applies to its DLC. However, if the DLC content exceeds the rating assigned to the “core” product, it must be submitted, and a different rating may be assigned to the DLC.
Should the ESRB find DLC or other update that is incompatible with the original rating, the developer and appropriate digital storefronts will be notified of a change to the rating for the DLC or, in the case where the update is required, a rating change for the core product.
Do ESRB raters play the games they rate?
ESRB raters do not play through games during the rating process for a variety of reasons. First, many games can have upwards of 50 hours of gameplay, so requiring a minimum of three raters to play through hundreds of physical (boxed) games rated annually would be impractical. Additionally, games are player-controlled and enable many different permutations of gameplay depending upon how the player decides to approach a situation. We do, however, play-test many games after release to help ensure all pertinent content was disclosed during the
rating process
.
How does the ESRB know companies have fully disclosed all of the content in their game or app, and what happens if they don’t?
Through a combination of post-release testing and monitoring of public comments ESRB verifies that all content pertinent to a rating has been reviewed. Should we find that a game or app has been assigned a rating based on incomplete or inaccurate content disclosure, we work to ensure that the rating is promptly corrected wherever it is displayed to consumers, be it a game box, an advertisement, or an online or mobile storefront. For physical (boxed) games, failure to disclose pertinent content during the
rating process
may also be addressed with formal
sanctions and penalties
.
Do video game retailers support and enforce the ESRB rating system?
Most major retailers have established their own store policies requiring ESRB ratings to be displayed on the video games they carry. Additionally, they have also implemented age verification for the sale or rental of M (Mature) and AO (Adults Only) rated games.
ESRB Retail Council (ERC)
members conduct regular mystery shop audits to help ensure high levels of compliance. According to the
Federal Trade Commission
, unaccompanied children who attempt to purchase a Mature-rated video game are stopped 87% of the time.
How can parents manage which games their children play?
Virtually all devices that children use to play games include parental control settings which parents can activate to manage what and how their children play. Depending on the device, parents can manage certain features like how much money their child can spend, who they can play with online, which games can be played based on the age rating, time spent playing them, and more. Consult the
ESRB Parental Controls Guides
for step-by-step instructions on setting up parental controls for your console, handheld, phone, tablet, or personal computer. We also encourage parents to establish household rules which this
Family Discussion Guide
can help initiate.