Trang chủ
Về chúng tôi
Sản phẩm
Tuyển dụng
Tin tức
Liên hệ
Trang chủ
Về chúng tôi
Sản phẩm
string(11) "product_cat"
Quay lại
Sản phẩm
Sản phẩm nổi bật
Ứng dụng cho trẻ em VKids
Sản phẩm đã triển khai cho đối tác
Tuyển dụng
string(16) "job_listing_type"
Quay lại
Tuyển dụng
Tin tức
string(8) "category"
Quay lại
Tin tức
Thông báo
Công nghệ
Liên hệ
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy
(“Policy”)
provides important information regarding PPCLINK with Vkids brands
(“PPCLINK”
“we,”
or
“our”)
in respect to user information collected through our mobile applications and the use of the information. You provide consent to this Policy when your access and use PPCLINK & Vkids applications
(“Products”)
and other related services
(“Services”)
.
1.
Personal and non-personal information
We understand the importance of our users’ personal information, and more importantly the information pertaining to children under 13 years of age. We do not collect or require users to enter their personal information when using our Products. We do not collect any personal information from children with our Products.
When using our Products, we might read non-personal information
(such
as internet, Wi-Fi availability, network connection, wake lock, device status, internal and external storage availability and usability) for the use of Product development and Service improvement. The collection of information will be used for the development and functional improvement of our Products to ensure quality user experience. We only collect such information to the extent that allow us to conduct our normal business operation and Products’ research and development.
Any information we received will be used internally for the purpose of product development and to third parties performing services on our behalf, who comply with our Privacy Policy. We will not disclose your information publicly unless we have received your consent or under government order.
2.
COPPA
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We do not knowingly collect personal information on children under the age of 13. When a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request or through any feedback, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
3.
Submitting personal information for prizes and customer support
From time to time, we may host contests or surveys on our website at www.ppclink.com. We may send out a letter to your email address after you have given us consent through your participation and agree to receive the prize for the event you have participated in. For contests and surveys, we typically require only the information necessary for a child to participate. We only contact the parent for more personalized information for prize-fulfillment purposes when the child wins the contest or completes a survey.
When you request support, you may send us an email or contact us on our website. We allow users to contact us if they have support questions about the use of our mobile applications. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request.
4.
Cookies
We do not use cookies.
5.
Third party websites and links
We may provide links to our website or third party websites. Our Privacy Policy will have no effect on any third party websites’ privacy policy or their usage of personal information collected. Our Privacy Policy as expressed herein does not apply to other parties, and we do not dictate the collection or usage of information by them. We do not take part in the operation of third party advertisers or websites.
YouTube or Google service use:
Some of our app may use YouTube API or other services from Google. We comply all the terms in Google Privacy Policy(
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
)  & YouTube TOS
(
https://www.youtube.com/static?gl=VN&template=terms
).
6.
Amendments
We may amend our privacy policy from time to time by posting the amended Policy on our website, without directly informing our users. Therefore we encourage our users to review this policy frequently. PPCLINK reserves all rights and interpretation to the Policy and its amendments.
7.
How to update or remove your information
PPCLINK keeps your content for as long as necessary in providing its services. If you want to opt out of services, or review or delete your information, please contact us at support@ppclink.com.
8.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at support@ppclink.com
We love hearing your voice. Let’s contact us and stay connected!
Website:
www.ppclink.com
Phone number:
‭+8424 32321265‬
Address:
10 Lane 2, Quan Ngua street, Ba Dinh district, Hanoi, Vietnam