Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last modified:
2024.05.21
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy for Vesync describes how L&H Y
        Trading Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates, including but not limited to Vesync Corporation, Arovast
        Corporation, Etekcity Corporation, and Vesync (Singapore) Pte., Ltd (collectively, "Vesync", "our", "us" or
        "we") collect, use, share, and store information. Our goal is to provide you with a positive experience when
        using our Websites, App, products, and services, while at the same time keeping your personal information
        secure.
This policy applies to information we collect:
when you install, register with, access, or use Vesync App (“App”), or
          Vesync.com website (“Website”), and our services;
when you use smart products and/or their functionalities connected to, or
          through, the App;
when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites
          and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy;
when you subscribe to our newsletters, promotions or other marketing
          initiatives; and
when you contact or interact with us, for example, in email, text, and other
          electronic messages between you and our Websites, App, or our Customer Service team.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies
        and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and
        practices, or do not want us to collect the information, do not download, register with, or use the App or
        Websites. By registering with, or using the App, Websites, or services, you agree to this privacy policy. This
        policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy below). Your continued use of our App,
        Websites, or services after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the
        policy periodically for updates.
2. Information We May Collect and
          How We Collect It
Information we may collect
When You Use Our App, Websites, or Related Products
                and Services, We May Collect the Following Information:
Profile Data
, such as your username, password, email
                  address, and region.
Logistics Data,
such as receiver’s name, phone number,
                  delivery address, postal code, and related product information.
Financial Data
, before placing orders, you'll be asked
                  to provide financial data, including card numbers, card expiration dates, CVC codes, account holder
                  name, and billing addresses. Importantly, we do not store this information. Instead, it is securely
                  processed by our credit card payment service providers, such as PayPal or Stripe.
Technical Data
, such as your mobile device data, smart
                  device data and internet connection data, including mobile phone model, mobile phone brand, operating
                  system version, browser type, language, region, smart device model, smart device cid, MAC address, IP
                  address, Wi-Fi name and its passwords, Wi-Fi signal quality, network operator, network type.
Usage Data
, such as details of your use of any of our
                  devices, the Websites, and the App, including, but not limited to, history of operation of devices,
                  the Websites, and App, traffic data, logs, errors, browsing history, history of logging in, your
                  schedule settings, input records, search queries, length of visits to certain pages, methods used to
                  browse away from the page, and page interaction information.
Consumer Preference Data,
such as products purchased,
                  motivation for purchase, your preferences in receiving marketing from us and third parties, your
                  responses to surveys, and other purchasing behavior and preferences.
Communications Data
, such as your communication
                  preferences, your contact information, the audio recordings of calls when you call the Customer
                  Service team, and records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses and phone
                  numbers), if you contact us.
The correspondence may include information like proof of
                      identification, gender, employment, medical information, or health insurance information when
                      needed for Customer Service team to provide related support.
Location Data,
such as your precise location disclosed
                  by GPS technology and other similar technologies.
Content Data
, such as the content you post on the
                  Websites or the App. The content data that you post on public areas of the Websites may be transmitted
                  to other users of the Websites or third parties at your own risk. Therefore, we cannot and do not
                  guarantee that your content data will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Wellness Data,
in the following ways-
If you use wellness products such as smart
                scales, smart kitchen appliances, we may collect information such as:
weight, height, metabolic age, gender, body
                  composition such as BMI (Body Mass Index), muscle mass, body water, skeletal mass, BMR, body fat,
                  subcutaneous fat, visceral fat, bone mass, protein, etc., cooking history, food name, food weight, and
                  food nutrition information such as calories, fat, sugar, protein, carbs, trans fat, saturated fat,
                  cholesterol, sodium, potassium, dietary fiber, iron, VD, VA, VC, polyunsaturated fat, monounsaturated
                  fat, calcium, etc.
If you use smart trackers and smart
                      watches, we may collect information such as:
weight, height, metabolic age, gender, stride,
                  distance, duration, number of steps, sleep status, calories, workout records, sleep records, and heart
                  rate records, blood oxygen records.
If you use with smart blood pressure
                      monitors, we may collect information such as:
Systolic pressure, diastolic pressure, and pulse.
If you use smart pulse oximeter, we
                      may collect information such as:
Oxygen saturation, perfusion Index, and pulse.
If you use wellness services in our
                      App and Website, we may collect the information you provide, such as:
Exercise-related information (e.g. exercise preference, exercise plan,
                  exercise record);
body measurements (e.g. birthday, height, weight, waist, bust size, hip
                  size);
diet-related information (e.g. diet plan, diet preference, food list,
                  diet record); and/or
health-related information (e.g., blood pressure, heart rate, blood
                  glucose, allergies).
Aggregated Data
We may store and use any anonymized or aggregated
                data such as statistical or demographic data that incorporates or is derived from your personal
                information, which is not itself personal information (“Aggregated Data”); however, we will not do so in
                a way that identifies you personally. For example, we may aggregate users’ behavioral data to calculate
                the percentage of users accessing a specific App feature, as well as facilitate and measure the
                effectiveness of advertisements. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal
                data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data
                which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
Cookies and Similar Technology
The Technologies We Use for Automatic
                  Information Collection May Include (for more information, see
Cookie
                    Policy
):
Cookies (or browser cookies).
Web Beacons.
Flash Cookies.
Click-through URL.
And other similar technologies.
We also may use these technologies to collect
                information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online
                services (behavioral tracking).
The information we collect automatically may include
                personal information. It helps us to improve our Websites or App and to deliver a better and more
                personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our
                  Websites and App according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Websites or App.
Most websites will prompt you before accepting cookies. You may also
                  change your cookies settings in your browser. Note, depending on your device or browser, it may not be
                  possible to disable all tracking mechanisms. Also, if you set your browser to reject all cookies,
                  parts of this Website may not work for you. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.
Categories of Personal Information
              We Collected
Our App or Websites has collected the following
                categories of personal information from consumers within the last 12 months:
Category
Examples
Collected
Identifiers.
Profile Data, Logistics Data, Technical Data, or Communication Data.
YES
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records
                      statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Profile Data, Logistics Data, Financial Data, or Communication Data.
YES
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Communication Data.
YES, only when needed in conversation with Customer Service for related
                      support.
Commercial information.
Logistics Data, or Consumer Preference Data.
YES
Internet or other similar network activity.
Usage Data.
YES
Geolocation data.
Location Data.
YES
Sensory data.
Communication Data.
YES
Professional or employment-related information.
Communication Data.
YES, only when needed in conversation with Customer Service for related
                      support.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Consumer Preference Data.
YES
3. How We Use the Collected
          Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you
            provide to us, including any personal data, generally based on the following purposes:
Types of Data
Specific Purpose
Legal Basis for Processing under GDPR (for EEA and UK Users)
Profile Data
To allow you to register and log in to your
                  account.
To enable you to place orders.
To investigate and prevent fraud.
To
                  enable you to personalize your profile and provide you with region-available services.
Your consent
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our
                  legitimate interests (for developing our products/services, running and growing our business, to
                  prevent fraud)
Logistics Data
To fulfil your orders and deliver products to
                  you.
To process warranty, returns and/or repairs.
You consent
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate
                  interests (to keep records updated and to analyze how customers use our products/ services)
Financial Data
To process payments.
To detect and
                  prevent fraud.
You consent
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate
                  interests (to prevent fraud)
Technical Data
To operate, maintain, and provide you with the
                  features and functionalities.
To identify your device for diagnostic purposes and fraud
                  prevention.
To improve or develop our products and new technologies via analytics.
To
                  personalize the product functionalities and services and improve our marketing strategies.
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for developing our products/services,
                  running and growing our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security)
Usage Data
To operate, maintain, and provide to you the
                  features and functionalities, to identify your device for diagnostic purposes and fraud prevention, to
                  improve or develop our products and new technologies via analytics, and to personalize the product
                  functionalities and improve our marketing strategies.
To enable you to manually input and track
                  your wellness data, tailor available features to your particularized needs, and provide you with
                  personalized recommendations, product offerings and promotions.
To provide personalized
                  recommended services.
To provide customer services, such as dealing with any enquiries and
                  complaints.
Your consent
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for developing our
                  products/services, running and growing our business, provision of administration and IT services,
                  network security)
Consumer Preference Data
To provide personalized recommended content
                  and services which you can turn off through visiting account setting in the App.
To develop new
                  products and features available through our service or otherwise improve our service.
You consent
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for developing our
                  products/services, running and growing our business)
Communication Data
To communicate with you.
To provide
                  customer services, such as dealing with any inquiries and complaints.
To provide new promotions
                  to you and to provide you with information on new products and/or services.
You consent
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for developing our
                  products/services, running and growing our business)
Location Data
To operate, maintain, and provide to you the
                  features and functionalities, to improve or develop our products and new technologies via analytics,
                  and to personalize the product functionalities and improve our marketing strategies.
You consent
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for developing our
                  products/services, running and growing our business, provision of administration and IT services,
                  network security)
Content Data
To operate, maintain, and provide to you the
                  features and functionalities, to improve or develop our products and new technologies via analytics,
                  and to personalize the product functionalities and improve our marketing strategies.
You consent
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for developing our
                  products/services, running and growing our business)
Wellness Data
To operate, maintain, and provide to you the
                  features and functionalities, to improve or develop our products and new technologies via analytics,
                  and to personalize the product functionalities and improve our marketing strategies.
To enable
                  you to manually input and track your wellness data, tailor available features to your particularized
                  needs, and provide you with personalized recommendations, product offerings and promotions.
You consent
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for developing our
                  products/services, running and growing our business)
4. Personal Information Sharing and
          Disclosures
We may disclose personal information that we collect or
            you provide in the following ways:
Sharing with consent: with your consent or at your request, we will share
              your personal data within the scope of your consent/request with specific third parties or categories of
              third parties authorized or designated by you. For example, when you decide to sync your information with
              other apps such as Apple Health, Google Health, etc.
Sharing with Vesync’s corporate group: we may share your personal
              information with our subsidiaries, parents, affiliates only for explicit, and legitimate purposes, and the
              sharing is limited only to information required by services. For example, we verify the global uniqueness
              of accounts before allowing them to be registered.
Sharing with service providers: we also may disclose your information to
              contractors, service providers, or third parties we use to support our business. They usually perform
              certain business-related functions for us, such as website hosting, data analysis, payment and credit card
              processing, infrastructure provision, IT services, customer support service, e-mail delivery services,
              marketing, analytics, and other similar services. These service providers are contractually restricted
              from using or disclosing the information, except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to
              comply with legal requirements.
Sharing with business partners: some products and/or services are provided
              to you directly by our partners. (E.g., products sold by third-party sellers through Vesync store,
              provided by other companies through Vesync’s applications.) When you use third party products and/or
              services, we may share your information with them to provide you with the products and/or services you
              request. These third-party services are offered by independent data controllers and their use of your
              personal data is subject to their respective privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies
              to determine how they will treat your information.
Sharing for complying with the law or legal process: we may be required to
              respond to a subpoena, court order, search warrant, administrative or judicial process, requests by law
              enforcement agencies, or other requests that we must respond to under applicable law. We may disclose your
              personal information in response to any of these requirements.
Sharing for protection of our legal rights and/or those of others: we may
              disclose your personal information to preserve the security of our mobile applications, website, or social
              media accounts; resolve disputes; or assess any possible wrongdoing.
Sharing during asset transfer: to a buyer or other successor in the event
              of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or
              all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar
              proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our App users is among the assets transferred.
To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you
              and us, including the Terms of Use, and for billing and collection.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
We will ensure that the lawfulness of this sharing and,
            if applicable, sign stringent non-disclosure agreements (NDAs) and/or data processing clauses with the
            companies, organizations, and individuals with whom personal data is shared, requiring them to comply with
            this policy and take appropriate confidentiality and security measures when processing personal information.
We may also share Aggregate Data collected about the
            application and device usage, as long as the data does not identify any specific individuals, to analyze
            trends about home networking and utility use, to show third parties how their products could work with our
            products and to generally improve our products and services.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, the Company has
            shared personal information with the categories of third parties indicated in the chart below.
Disclosure of "Sale" of Personal Data defined in
            Applicable States in the U.S.
While we don't sell your information for money, it's
            important to note that the use of cookies or sharing information with advertisers for cross-context
            behavioral advertising may be considered a "sale" of information in certain states. In this specific
            context, we are considered to be "selling" information by making personal information available to third
            parties through third-party website cookies. You have the option to decline these cookies through our cookie
            banner.
Personal Information Category
Category of Third-Party Recipients
Business Purpose Disclosures
Sales
Identifiers.
Affiliates, Parent, subsidiary organizations or service providers/processors.
Internet cookie data recipients like Google Analytics. See
Cookie Policy
.
California Customer Records personal information categories.
Affiliates, Parent, subsidiary organizations or service providers/processors.
For identifiers, we use Internet cookie data recipients like Google Analytics.
                  See
Cookie Policy
.
For Financial Data,
                  none. Our Websites collect payment card or banking information to complete product purchases, but we
                  do not store such information. All payments are processed by our payment service providers, PayPal and
                  Stripe.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Affiliates, Parent, subsidiary organizations or service providers/processors.
None
Commercial information.
Affiliates, Parent, subsidiary organizations or service providers/processors.
Internet cookie data recipients like Google Analytics. See
Cookie Policy
.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Affiliates, Parent, subsidiary organizations or service providers/processors.
Internet cookie data recipients like Google Analytics. See
Cookie Policy
.
Geolocation data.
Affiliates, Parent, subsidiary organizations or service providers/processors.
Internet cookie data recipients like Google Analytics. See
Cookie Policy
.
Sensory data.
Affiliates, Parent, subsidiary organizations or service providers/processors.
None
Professional or employment-related information.
Affiliates, Parent, subsidiary organizations or service providers/processors.
None
Non-public education information.
Affiliates, Parent, subsidiary organizations or service providers/processors.
None
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Affiliates, Parent, subsidiary organizations or service providers/processors.
Internet cookie data recipients like Google Analytics. See
Cookie Policy
.
5. Retention of Personal Information
We will only retain your personal information for as
            long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of
            satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal
            information for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect
            of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for
            personal information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information, the
            potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for
            which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means,
            and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements. You may delete your Vesync
            online account at any time. After you delete your online account, Vesync will delete the personal
            information stored in it, including any personal information collected by smart devices, unless under which
            we are obligated to keep them.
This (Section 5) does not apply to deidentified or
            Aggregated Data.
6. How We Secure Personal
          Information
Vesync implements reasonable and appropriate
            industry-standard security controls to protect personal information in its possession. Vesync’s
            administrative, physical, and technical safeguards:
Provide assurances of the integrity and confidentiality of personal
              information covered by this policy.
Protect against reasonably anticipated threats or hazards to the security
              or integrity of personal information, and unauthorized uses or disclosures of such personal information;
              and
Facilitate compliance with legal frameworks of requirements under
              applicable data protection laws.
To this end, we take the following measures:
We take reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that the personal
              information collected is minimal and relevant to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which
              they are processed. We retain your personal information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes
              stated in this policy and privacy notice of specific product or service, unless extending the retention
              period is required or permitted by law.
We use a range of technologies such as cryptographic technologies to ensure
              the confidentiality of information in transmission. We implement trusted protection mechanisms to protect
              data and data storage servers from attacks.
We deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized
              personnel can access your personal information. In addition, we control the number of authorized personnel
              and implement hierarchical permission management on them based on service requirements and personnel
              levels.
We strictly select business partners and service providers and incorporate
              personal information protection requirements into commercial contracts, audits, and appraisal activities
              that are at least as stringent as the ones Vesync itself uses, consistent with this policy.
We hold security and privacy protection training courses or other
              equivalent publicity activities to raise employees' personal information protection awareness.
The safety and security of your data also depend on you.
            Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our services,
            you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with
            anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out data in public areas of the App like Forum. The
            information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the App.
Although we do our best to protect your personal
            information, unfortunately, no security measures can provide absolute protection. To cope with possible
            risks, such as personal information leakage, damage, and loss, we have procedures in place to deal with
            suspected data security breaches. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer
            secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with Contact Information below.
7. How We Protect Children's
          Personal Information
a. Marketing and Sales to
              Adults
The Websites, App, and services are not intended for
                children under the age of 18 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction. We do not
                knowingly collect personal information from children for purposes of marketing or sales. We also do not
                collect any personal information from children under the age of 18 without their parent’s or guardian’s
                consent. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child without parental
                consent, we will take steps to delete that information as soon as possible. If you believe that we have
                unknowingly collected information about a child in connection with our marketing or sales operations,
                please contact us using one of the methods in the Contact Information below for us to delete it.
b. Personal Information of
              Children Collected in Connection with the Use of Smart Devices
While our App and services are available only to
                registered adult users, we recognize that family and household members of registered users may be
                children. We also recognize that registered adult users may, from time to time, permit their family and
                household members, including children, to use their Vesync products. For example, parents or guardians
                of a child may allow their child to use the smart scale or other fitness products and configure their
                Vesync accounts to track fitness data about their child. Parents or guardians may also add a child’s
                name, weight, age, and birthday into their Vesync accounts. Therefore, online accounts maintained by
                Vesync, as used by registered adult users, may include personal information of children. Note, persons
                under the age of 18, or any higher minimum age in the jurisdiction where that person resides, are not
                permitted to create Vesync accounts, and we do not ask a child to supply any information to us directly.
                Rather, a parent or guardian must provide the child’s personal information and consents to the
                collection and disclosure of their child’s information through his or her account and in accordance with
                this Privacy Policy.
When children's personal information is collected
                based on the consent of the parent or guardian, we will only use or disclose the information in
                accordance with
Vesync Privacy
                  Policy for Children
. Parents or guardians who need to access, modify, or delete the personal
                information of their children or people under guardianship can do so directly in their Vesync account.
                Alternatively, contact us via the channels provided in the Contact Information below.
8. Your Rights and Choices
Right to Know, Correct and Data
              Portability
You can access, correct, or modify the information
                you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account settings.
You can also contact us to submit your right to
                access, correct, or modify your information.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we
                take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying
                with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your
                request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable
                to verify your identity.
Right to Delete
You can delete your account in your account settings
                (More > Settings > Account & Security > Delete Account), or you can delete them using from
                our link
here
.
You can also contact us to submit your right to
                delete your information. Please note that if you request deletion of your personal information, or if
                you delete your account, we may retain your personal information for the purposes of satisfying any
                legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, or reporting requirements. Also, because we take measures to protect
                data from accidental or malicious loss and destruction, residual copies of your personal information may
                not be removed from our backup systems for a limited period of time.
Right to Opt-Out
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the
                personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following
                control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising.
You can
                  set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent,
                  please see our
Cookie Policy
here.
Promotional Offers from the Vesync.
You may
                  utilize the unsubscribe function in each promotional email. You may also submit your request to
                  opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to
support@vesync.com
.
This opt-out does not apply to information provided
                to us as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other
                transactions.
We do not control third parties' collection or use
                of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you
                with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can also opt out of
                receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("
NAI
") on
                the NAI's
website
.
Right to Request a List of Third
              Parties
If applicable under states’ law or other
                regulations, you may have the right to request a list of third parties whom we have shared your personal
                information with.
Right to Appeal a Refusal
If we can't confirm your identity or authority to
                make a request, or if the information is legally required to be retained, we may not be able to honor
                your request. If your request is denied, like in cases where we can't verify your identity, you can
                appeal our decision by contacting us.
Non-Discrimination
We won't treat you differently for exercising your
                rights and choices. However, please note that some features or functionality on our App or Website may
                change or become unavailable to you based on the information you provide.
If you are a user in
                  the EEA or in the UK, you may have additional rights
Right to restriction of
                  processing
For users in the EEA or the UK, you have the
                    right to restrict the processing of your personal data in accordance with applicable laws.
Withdraw consent
For users in the EEA or the UK, you have the
                    right to withdraw consent at any time when we are relying on consent to process your personal data.
                    However, this may not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your
                    consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to
                    you.
You can exercise your rights by contacting us.
                    You can also lodge a complaint with the data protection regulator if you think that any of your
                    rights have been infringed by us.
9. Links to Other Parties’ Websites,
          Products, and Services
The Websites, App, and services may contain links to
            third-party websites, products, and services of interest. All links to third-party websites, products, and
            services are provided for users' convenience only. You need to determine your interaction with such links on
            your own. We cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while
            visiting or using such third-party websites, products, and/or services and they are not governed by this
            policy. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable in question.
In addition, when you download the App, certain third
            parties may use automatic data collection technologies to collect information about you or your device.
            These third parties may include: 1) your mobile device manufacturer, like Apple, Samsung and Google; and 2)
            your mobile service provider. These third parties may use tracking technologies to collect information about
            you or your online activities over time and across different websites, apps, and other online services
            websites. We do not control these third-party tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any
            questions, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
10. Data Transfer Outside EEA
          Countries and UK
We share your personal data within the Vesync. Where
            personal data originated in the EEA, this will involve transferring your data outside the EEA. Whenever we
            transfer personal data to countries outside of the EEA, we will ensure that the data is transferred in
            accordance with this Privacy Policy and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection. Our
            commitment includes ensuring that an equivalent level of protection is afforded to it by ensuring
            appropriate safeguards are implemented in the form of specific contracts approved by the European
            Commission. Please contact us if you want further information on the transfer of personal data out of the
            EEA.
11. Do Not Track Disclosures
With regard to Do Not Track (DNT), we currently don’t
            respond to DNT signals in browsers because no DNT standard has been adopted.
12. Entire Privacy Policy
We may provide you with separate privacy notices for
            specific products and services, and such privacy notices are incorporated into herein by reference. If there
            is any inconsistency between privacy notices and this Privacy Policy, the privacy notice shall prevail.
13. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Our business changes constantly, and our privacy policy
            and the terms of use will also change accordingly. We may email periodic reminders of our policy and terms,
            but you should check our applications of legal & policy frequently to see the most recent changes.
            Unless stated otherwise, our current privacy policy applies to all data that we have about you and your
            account(s).
We stand behind the promises we make and will never
            materially change our policies and practices to make them materially less protective of user information
            collected in the past without the consent of affected users. However, we may amend this policy from time to
            time. We will make amendments to the policy by displaying an amended copy on our Websites and App, and, if
            necessary, by sending a notice to you by email. Your continued use of our applications after the revision
            will constitute your approval of the revised version.
The date the privacy policy was last revised is
            identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and
            deliverable email address for you, and for periodically checking our application and this privacy policy for
            any changes.
14. Contact Information
Please direct all requests for assistance, questions, or
            complaints about our privacy practices to our privacy team by email or postal mail at the following contact
            data:
Attention:  Privacy Team
Email:  support@vesync.com
Postal Address:  1202 North Miller Street, Suite A,
            Anaheim, CA 92806 US
If you are EEA and UK users, please contact us via the
            following address:
Legal representative in EEA: ETEKCITY GmbH
Postal Address: Vossbarg 1,25524 Itzehoe, Germany
Legal representative in the UK: Vesync (UK) Co., Ltd
Postal Address: Unit G2 Havebside Industrial
            Estate, Fishtoft Road, Boston, PE21 0AH, United Kingdom
If you have any concerns or complaints about Vesync’s
            privacy policies or practices, please provide information relevant to your complaint. Our privacy team will
            evaluate your concern or complaint based on the information you provide and send you a response. We may need
            to ask you for additional information to evaluate your concern or complaint. We will promptly investigate
            and respond to your communications about a complaint. You may have other rights under the law and the right
            to contact the privacy regulator in your local jurisdiction about your concern or complaint.
🌏 Choose your preferred language:
Datenschutzrichtlinie
Norme sulla privacy
Politique de confidentialité
Política de privacidad
Privacybeleid
プライバシーポリシー