Home
Play
Redeem
Share
Offers
POS
How It Works
Sign Up
Login
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Kepak Convenience Foods (“We” or “us”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is Kepak Convenience Foods of Unit 3, Block 10, Blanchardstown Corporate Park, Blanchardstown, Dublin 15.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
We may ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by Kepak Convenience Foods and when you report a problem with our site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data and the resources that you access.
IP ADDRESSES
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
COOKIES
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer, either temporary or persistent. Cookies are used for authenticating, session tracking or maintaining specific information about users of our website, such as the contents of their shopping carts. The data collected by these cookies are completely anonymous and they do not record any personal information about you. If you prefer, you can choose to use our website without enabling cookies by editing your browser options such that cookies are blocked; however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website. For more information about cookies, please visit: www.allaboutcookies.org
Use of Cookies
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties. Types of cookie that may be used during your visit to the Website:
Cookie Name
What it Does
cc_social cc_analytics
Cookie Consent cookies which appear after you have clicked on the ‘allow cookies’ in the floating footer. More info
http://silktide.com/cookieconsent
__cfduid
In order to protect our website from security threats such as hackers and to boost its performance, we route our DNS through
CloudFlare
.
__utmz __utma __utmb __utmc __utmz __utmv
Anonymous cookies that monitor how the site is used by visitors. Used by us to analyse usage and improve the site. Includes a number of visits to the site, where a visitor has come from and what pages are visited. You can
opt out of Google Analytics
here
Third-party service cookies Social sharing, video and other services we offer are run by other companies. These companies may drop cookies on your computer when you use them on our site or if you are already logged into them. Analytic Cookies An HTTP cookie—commonly referred to as just “cookie”—is a parcel of text sent back and forth between a web browser and the server it accesses. Its original purpose was to provide a state management mechanism between a web browser and a web server. Without a cookie (or a similar solution), a web server cannot distinguish between different users, or determine any relationship between sequential page visits made by the same user. For this reason, cookies are used to differentiate one user from another and to pass information from page to page during a single user’s website session. A web server uses cookies to collect data about a given browser, along with the information requested and sent by the browser’s operator (the visitor). Cookies do not identify people, but rather they are defined themselves by a combination of a computer, a user account, and a browser. Google Analytics tracking (and most web tracking software) uses cookies in order to provide meaningful reports about your site visitors. However, Google Analytics cookies do not collect personal data about your website visitors. For more information on how Google Analytics Cookies work
click this link
.
How can I prevent Cookies being used?
You can, should you choose, disable the cookies from your browser and delete all cookies currently stored on your computer. You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking “help” on your browser’s menu or by visiting
www.allaboutcookies.org
. However, please be aware that should you choose to disable cookies from your browser it may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, [the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and] the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
We may also use your data to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we or they may contact you about these by post or telephone. If you are an existing contributor, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous supply to you. If you are a new contributor, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box situated on the form. We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 500 men aged under 30 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target (for example, women in SW1). We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers’ wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 736 of the UK Companies Act 1985. We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Kepak Convenience Foods or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Kepak Convenience Foods, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and the protection of individuals
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at info@kepak.com Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of €10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
SECURITY STATEMENT
This site uses the Secure Sockets Layer protocol to protect your online transaction. Secure Sockets Layer is a security protocol that provides communications privacy over the internet. This allows your computer to communicate with our server in a way that is designed to prevent tampering or message forgery. Your credit card number is also “one-way” encrypted as it enters our databases. We will take all reasonable care to keep the details of your order and credit card information secure but unless we have been negligent, we will not be liable for any losses you may suffer as a result of unauthorised access by a third party to the information transmitted by you when making reservations at this website.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to rewards@foodalliance.ie
Not a member yet?
Sign up couldn't be easier...
REGISTER TODAY
We use necessary cookies to make this site work, we also use optional analytics cookies to enhance user experience - but these are disabled by default
See our Cookie Policy
Accept All
Reject All
Settings