Download
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that we receive through our Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this Privacy Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
Terms of Service
. So, please make sure that you have read and understand our
Terms of Service
‍
Revisions to this Policy
Any information that is collected via our Services is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we’ll notify you of those changes by posting them on the Services or by sending you an email or other notification, and we’ll update the “Last Updated Date” above to indicate when those changes will become active.
Information Collected or Received from
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Services, to administer your use of the Services (including your account, if you are an account holder), and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our Services.Account InformationIf you create an account, we’ll collect certain information, as applicable to the Services, which can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, postal address and phone number (“PII”). If you create an account using your login credentials from one of your SNS Accounts, we’ll be able to access and collect your name and email address and other PII that your privacy settings on the SNS Account permit us to If you create an account through the Site or one of your SNS Accounts, we may also collect your gender, date of birth and other information that is not considered PII because it cannot be used by itself to identify you.
Information Collected Using Cookies and other Web Technologies
Like many website owners and operators, we use automated data collection tools such as Cookies and Web Beacons to collect certain data.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your device by a web server when you access our Services. We may use both session Cookies and persistent Cookies to identify that you’ve logged in to the Services and to tell us how and when you interact with our Services. We may also use Cookies to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our Services and to customize and improve our Services. Unlike persistent Cookies, session Cookies are deleted when you log off from the Services and close your browser. Although most browsers automatically accept Cookies, you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting Cookies or to prompt you before accepting Cookies. Please note, however, that if you don’t accept Cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Services. Some third-party services providers that we engage (including third-party advertisers) may also place their own Cookies on your device. Note that this Privacy Policy covers only our use of Cookies and does not include use of Cookies by such third parties.
Web Beacons
Web Beacons (also known as web bugs, pixel tags or clear GIFs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that may be included on our Services for several purposes, including to deliver or communicate with Cookies, to track and measure the performance of our Services, to monitor how many visitors view our Services, and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising. Unlike Cookies, which are stored on the device, Web Beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages (or in an e-mail)
Log Data
Log means certain information about how a person uses our Services, including both account holders and non-account holders (either, a “User”). Log Data may include information such as a User’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating system, the web page that a User was visiting before accessing our Services, the pages or features of our Services to which a User browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, search terms, the links on our Services that a User clicked on and other statistics. We use Log Data to administer the Services and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) Log Data to improve, customize and enhance our Services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to our Users’ needs and preferences. We may use a person’s IP address to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our Services are used.
Information Sent by Your Mobile Device
We collect certain information that your mobile device sends when you use our Services, like a device identifier, user settings and the operating system of your device, as well as information about your use of our service.
Location Information
When you use our Apps, we may collect and store information about your location by converting your IP address into a rough geo-location or by accessing your mobile device’s GPS coordinates or coarse location if you enable location services on your We may use location information to improve and personalize our Services for you. If you do not want us to collect location information, you may disable that feature on your mobile device. However, some of the Service are only available by using your location.Information that We Share with Third PartiesWe will not share any PII that we have collected from or regarding you except as described below:
Information Shared with Our Services Providers
We may engage third-party services providers to work with us to administer and provide the These third-party services providers have access to your PII only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf. We may share your PII with our payment processing services providers in order to complete transactions that are initiated through the Services. We may also share your PII with our marketing service providers to help us better market our products and services to you. These marketing service providers may use your PII only for the purpose of helping us to provide relevant products and services information to you. If you don’t want us to use your PII for these marketing purposes, you can opt out by contacting us at privacy@stickerpop.co.
Location Information
When you use our Apps, we may collect and store information about your location by converting your IP address into a rough geo-location or by accessing your mobile device’s GPS coordinates or coarse location if you enable location services on your We may use location information to improve and personalize our Services for you. If you do not want us to collect location information, you may disable that feature on your mobile device. However, some of the Service are only available by using your location.Information that We Share with Third PartiesWe will not share any PII that we have collected from or regarding you except as described below:
Information Shared with Our Services Providers
We may engage third-party services providers to work with us to administer and provide the These third-party services providers have access to your PII only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf. We may share your PII with our payment processing services providers in order to complete transactions that are initiated through the Services. We may also share your PII with our marketing service providers to help us better market our products and services to you. These marketing service providers may use your PII only for the purpose of helping us to provide relevant products and services information to you. If you don’t want us to use your PII for these marketing purposes, you can opt out by contacting us at privacy@stickerpop.co.
Information Shared with other Third Parties
We may share anonymized or aggregated data we collect from the use of the Services, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access the Services, market trends and other analysis that we create based on the information we receive from you and other
Information Shared with Our Services Providers
Google‍
We use Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to gather information about how users engage with our Site and Services. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can opt out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout‍
Mixpanel‍
We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding users’ interactions with our Site and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting https://mixplanel.com/optout/. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie.‍
Facebook‍
We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions users take on: (a) our Site and elsewhere on the internet through use of Cookies, Web Beacons and other storage technologies; or (b) our Apps and other mobile applications, in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
Information Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions
Information that we collect from our users, including PII, is considered to be a business asset. Thus, if we are acquired by a third party as a result of a transaction such as a merger, acquisition or asset sale or if our assets are acquired by a third party in the event we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, some or all of our assets, including your PII, may be disclosed or transferred to a third party acquirer in connection with the transaction.
Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas); (ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the property, rights and safety of a third party or the public in general; and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.
Your Choices
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of your PII and we’ll respect the choicesyou make. Please note that if you decide not to provide us with the PII that we request, you may not be ableto access all of the features of the Services.
Opt-Out of our Mailings
We may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote ourServices. When you receive such promotional communications from us, you will have the opportunity to “opt-out”(either through your account or by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive).We do need to send you certain communications regarding the Services and you will not be able to opt out ofthose communications – g., communications regarding updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy orinformation about billing.
Responding to Do Not Track
Our Site does not have the capability to respond to “Do Not Track” signals received from various web browsers.
The Security of Your Information
We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measuresdesigned to protect the information that we collect from or about you (including your PII) from unauthorizedaccess, use or disclosure. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over theInternet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute securityofany data.
Links to Other Sites
Our Services may contain links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties (each, a “Third-party Service”). Any information that you provide on or to a Third-party Service or that is collected by a Third-party Service is provided directly to the owner or operator of the Third-party Service and is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy. We’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of any Third-party To protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all Third-party Services that you access.
International Transfer
We may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote ourServices. When you receive such promotional communications from us, you will have the opportunity to “opt-out”(either through your account or by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive).We do need to send you certain communications regarding the Services and you will not be able to opt out ofthose communications – g., communications regarding updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy orinformation about billing.
Our Policy Towards Children
Our Services are not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect PII from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected PII of a child under 13 we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
Your California Privacy
California residents may request and obtain from us, once a year, free of charge, a list of third parties, if any, to which we disclosed their PII for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year and the categories of PII shared with those third parties. If you are a California resident and wish to obtain that information, please submit your request by sending us an email at privacy@stickerpop.co with “California Privacy Rights” in the subject line or by writing to us at 483 Washington Blvd Suite #100 Marina del Rey, CA 90292.
Questions?
Please contact us at
support@superlocal.com
if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy.
©
2024 Super Computer Inc.
Terms
·
Privacy
·
Support