Privacy Policy
We use cookies in more or less the same way as any other website…
Cookies are small files that are put onto your device when you visit websites like ours. We use cookies in order to collect information that helps us improve your user experience.
The cookies we use are not used identify you personally.
We will not sell your information to any third parties.
If you don’t want cookies, you don’t have to have them! Here’s how to
disable cookies in Chrome
. You can also use free third-party programs like
Spybot to block cookies
.
If you do block cookies, some elements of our site might not work so well.
We use cookies to do the following:
Remember if you are logged in (or not)
Offer live chat support
See which of our pages you visit
Allow you to share our pages through social networks such as LinkedIn or Twitter
By continuing to use our website, you agree to our cookie policy.
Your Privacy
We collect personal data when you use this website. Some of the personal data is freely provided by users, whilst some of it is collected automatically.
The data that we collect may include the following:
Usage data
Email address
First name
Last name
Car Registration
Company name
IP address
META data such as Google Analytics.
We use this data to do the following:
Improve our website by analysing user behaviour
Contact our users
Interact with our users on external social networks and platforms
Ronspot does not use customer data for any purpose other than the normal operation of the service.
If any other data collection occurs, it will be described at that point. We are not responsible for any third-party data submitted by users.
How and where your data is stored
We use and store your data according to the GDPR and take reasonable security measures to prevent your data being accessed by unauthorised individuals.
Your data will be stored on our Data Processors’ secure servers. Ronspot servers are located in the European Economic Area (EEA) and no customer data is transferred out of the EEA. Your data may be accessed by Ronspot employees for operational reasons while they are not in Europe.
Keeping your data safe
The internet is not 100% free from security risks. While we take security very seriously and train our staff on how to protect user data, we cannot guarantee that your data is secure. Any data that is sent to us is done at the user’s own risk.
Any payments made through this website, however, will be encrypted.
Your data and the government
Ronspot Ltd be legally obligated to hand over your data to public authorities.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us what information we are storing about you, as well as to ask to be forgotten (have your data erased). We will comply with all requests within 1 month.
Links to other websites
This privacy policy only applies to this website. You should be aware that although we link to third-party websites, they have separate privacy policies unaffected by our own. If you come to our website via a link from a third party website, they may also send us personal information about you.
Changes to our privacy policy
We reserve the right to change our privacy policy at any time. Changes will be listed here and you are advised to check this page often for updates. If you do not approve of a change to our privacy policy, you should stop using our website immediately.
By continuing to use our website and freely submitting your data to us, you agree to our privacy policy.