Privacy Policy
Introduction
Pharma Buddy Ltd , trading as Pharmabuddy.ie ("Pharmabuddy", "Pharmabuddy.ie", "we" or "us") fully respects and protects your right to privacy in relation to your interactions with this website. We have adopted the following statement to safeguard your personal information and to protect its confidentiality.
You should read this Privacy Statement carefully before using this website. If you do not read it or if you disagree with any aspect of this Privacy Statement, you should not use this website. Your use of this website signifies your agreement to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Statement.
Please note that this Privacy Statement is subject to the Terms of Service of the Pharmabuddy.ie Website (http://www.pharmabuddy.ie). You can view a copy of the
Terms of Service here
. We recommend that you read the Terms of Service. If there is a conflict between the Terms of Service and this Privacy Statement, the Terms of Service shall prevail. Except as otherwise provided, terms used herein and defined in the Terms of Service shall have the same meaning that is given to them in the Terms of Service.
The Collection of Information
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with the best and most useful content on our website, and to help improve your online experience.
Pharmacists
If you are a Pharmacist and are seeking to use the services offered by Pharmabuddy.ie, then you will be asked to register. We use any personal information you provide to identify you as a qualified Pharmacist and to process your registration. regulated by law. We will not give or sell your personal information to any third parties for marketing purposes without your consent.
Registration will oblige you to provide certain personal information to us. Such information will include, without limitation, personal details such as your name, pharmacy address, email address and your PSI registration number.
We may use your email address to contact you from time-to-time to update you on matters concerning the service we provide. We may also use your email address to send you information and / or promotional content from partners and / or carefully selected third parties. You consent to us contacting you in this regard. You can unsubscribe from this informational service at any stage and still remain a member of PharmaBuddy.
You also acknowledge and agree that in certain circumstances we may be obliged to disclose personal information that you have provided to us to third parties, for example, in order to conform to any requirements of law or to comply with any legal process, as well as to protect and defend our rights.
Pharmacy Staff
If you are a pharmacy staff member and are seeking to use the services offered by Pharmabuddy.ie, then you will be asked to register. We will not give or sell your personal information to any third parties for marketing purposes without your consent.
Registration will oblige you to provide certain personal information to us. Such information will include, without limitation, personal details such as your name, pharmacy address,
and your email address.
The Use of Information by Us
Certain kinds of information is collected about users of Pharmabuddy.ie in order to:
Help us to monitor and improve the services we offer
Sell advertising space on Pharmabuddy.ie
To protect Pharmabuddy.ie and our users
With user consent, to market services to individual users.
Visitors should be aware that each time they visit a website two general levels of information about their visit can be retained. The first level comprises statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate and non-individual specific basis of all browsers who visit the site, and the second is information that is personal or particular to a specific visitor who knowingly chooses to provide that information. It is policy of this website to respect and protect the privacy of our Customers and never wilfully disclose individually identifiable information about its Customers to any third party without first receiving that Customer's permission.
We may, however, occasionally email you with information or queries about your registration or accounts, for instance to request permissions or advise you of changes.
Throughout this website you may have an opportunity to send us information relating to you such as through the "contact us" pages or any other area where you may send e-mails, request to download academic articles, or notify us of any outdated listings. By choosing to participate in these, you will be providing us with some level of personal information relating to you. This information will only be used by us for:
the purposes for which it was provided by you;
verification purposes and statistical analysis;
to provide you with details of products, services, contests, competitions or promotions being provided or run by Pharma Buddy Ltd  or any of its associated companies or any third party that we may select and which we may think would be of interest to you, in line with your request to receive this information.
Stored Personal Information
As a registered user of Pharmabuddy.ie, whenever you use our services we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
If at any time after giving us this information you decide that you no longer wish us to hold or use this information, or you wish to change this information, you are free to notify us, and we will remove or rectify the information promptly. We do not collect or keep your personal data unless it is necessary for the purposes(s) set out above nor do we keep your personal data for longer than is necessary. You have the right to request a copy of the information which we hold about you (for which we may charge you a small fee) and to request its correction or deletion. To obtain a copy of this information, please send an email to support@pharmabuddy.ie
Upon receipt of your request and within 15 working days we will inform you about the type of personal information we hold about you, the purposes for which we hold it and the possible recipients or types of recipients.
We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.
Security
Pharmabuddy.ie accounts are secured by user-created passwords. Due to the nature of the internet, we cannot guarantee the protection of your personal data and therefore we are not responsible for any loss or damage resulting to you when our website is used. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate industry and technical protocols and standards) to protect your personal data, and any financial information you may opt to provide to us for the purposes of transacting a service on Pharmabuddy.ie.
In common with other websites that you may visit, you should be aware that each time you visit Pharmabuddy.ie, two general levels of information about your visit can be retained. The first level comprises information which is personal or particular to a specific visitor who knowingly chooses to provide that information. Such information is collected through the use of Cookies.
The second level of information about which data relating you your visit can be retained comprises statistical and/or analytical information collected on an aggregate and non-individual-specific basis. This type of non- personal information and data can be collected through the standard operation of internet servers and logs as well as Cookies and other technical mechanisms. The data obtained provides us with statistical information about all the users who visit our Pharmabuddy.ie; the pages that they visit; and what website they visit next. This information helps us monitor traffic on Pharmabuddy.ie so that we can manage the website's capacity as efficiently as possible.
Information pertaining to our use of Cookies and our collection of statistical information is set out in our Cookies Policy. We encourage you to familiarise yourself with the content of our
Cookies Policy which can be viewed here
External Links
Pharmabuddy.ie contains links to other websites and resources. If you access those links, you will leave our website. Pharma Buddy Ltd  is not responsible for the content of external internet websites. We encourage you to review the privacy statement of any company before submitting your personal information. We cannot accept responsibility for external websites or resources, or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Sale of Business
We reserve the right to transfer personal information (including any personal information you have provided to us) to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Pharma Buddy Ltd , Pharmabuddy.ie, a subsidiary, or line of business associated with our business. You will be notified in the event of any such transfer and you will be afforded an opportunity to opt- out if that is your wish.
Amending our Privacy Statement
Pharma Buddy Ltd reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to amend this Privacy Statement at any time. If there are updates to the content of this Privacy Statement, we will post those changes and shall update the revision date at the top of this document, so you will always know what information we collect online, how we use it, and what choices you have. Whilst we will endeavour to bring any material changes to this Privacy Statement to your attention, we encourage you to check our website from time to time at www.pharmabuddy.ie for any amendments which may be made.
Data Protection
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is PharmaBuddy Ltd of Ballyhickey, Cahir, Co Tipperary
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or you wish to make a complaint, please feel free to contact us through our
support@pharmabuddy.ie
email address or write to us at:
Pharma Buddy Ltd
Ballyhickey,
Cahir,
Co Tipperary
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Statement is governed by the laws of Ireland. It is a condition precedent to the use of Pharmabuddy.ie that any such user submits to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the Republic of Ireland and to the application of the law in that jurisdiction, including any party accessing such information or facilities acting on their own behalf or on behalf of others.
Disclaimer
Pharma Buddy Ltd ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SERVANTS AND AGENTS, AFFILIATES OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE PARENT AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIMS, EMERGENCIES, DEMANDS, CAUSES OF ACTION, DAMAGES, LOSSES, EXPENSES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, REASONABLE LEGAL FEES AND COSTS OF PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE AND/OR DISSEMINATION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO YOU IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT.