ROBY® Technologies – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF USE AND SALE – Privacy Policy Update February 22 2022
The company ROBY® Technologies Maroc, hereinafter referred to as “the COMPANY”, a limited liability company with a capital of 50,000.00 Dh, whose head office is at 474 bur 13 QI Sidi Ghanem – 40 0000 Marrakech, registered under the number of the commercial register of the court of Marrakech 89879 – Tax identification number 26058229 – Business tax number 64000465 – email: contact@roby-technologies.com, operates an application to put a customer in contact with a Taxi driver independent affiliated with the ROBY ® application. The COMPANY puts the customer, hereinafter referred to as “the CUSTOMER”, in touch with the affiliated taxi drivers, who provide, for their own account and under their own responsibility, the transport services requested by the CUSTOMER.
These general conditions apply to orders for taxis placed by the CUSTOMER with the COMPANY, by Internet on the site www.roby.taxi and by mobile Internet via the COMPANY’s dedicated smartphone, iPhone® and Android software applications.
Article 1: Object of the Contract: Company service
The service provided by the COMPANY consists in seeking, on behalf of the CLIENT, a taxi available in the sector of the request according to the indications provided by the latter.
The trip is carried out by the taxi driver who performs, for his own account and under his own responsibility, the transport service requested by the CUSTOMER.
Article 2: Creation of an account – Acceptance of the general conditions
Access to the taxi search service requires the creation of a ROBY® account by the CUSTOMER on the medium used to place his order (website or smartphone, iPhone® and Android applications). This creation is made during the first order.
The procedures for accessing the service may be modified by the COMPANY, which will inform the CUSTOMER as soon as possible by publication on the site www.roby.taxi
2.1. – Creation of “ROBY® account”
When creating a ROBY® account, the CUSTOMER communicates his first and last name, telephone number and the desired pick-up address; it indicates an email address and chooses a confidential password.
These identifiers are personal and confidential and must not be communicated by the CLIENT to third parties. The CUSTOMER alone ensures their confidentiality and will in all circumstances be solely responsible for their use. He will not be able to authorize access to it by anyone.
The services of this contract may in no case be marketed, resold or distributed, even free of charge by the CUSTOMER for any reason whatsoever.
It is also the CLIENT’s responsibility to ensure that no fraud has been, is or can be committed using their identifiers. In case of doubt, the CUSTOMER will immediately change them.
The CUSTOMER may subsequently modify in his personal space on roby.taxi the parameters of his ROBY® account and the support address that he initially entered.
The CUSTOMER may register a payment card to pay for the services ordered online and any costs due.
The CUSTOMER, if he is a professional, will indicate to the COMPANY for billing purposes, his billing details in the space provided for this purpose.
The CUSTOMER guarantees the veracity and accuracy of the information he communicates to the COMPANY and recognizes that the COMPANY cannot be held liable in the event of an error in the CUSTOMER entering his billing details.
Since the CUSTOMER must identify himself to access the service using his username and password, any Order made from his ROBY® account is deemed to be made by him.
2.3. –Acceptance of the general conditions
As part of the process of creating his ROBY® account, the CUSTOMER, after having read these general conditions and the applicable tariff conditions, must accept them by validating his acceptance in the applications or on the website: Menu: “conditions general conditions: I accept the general conditions ”(Opt in).
The account is then validated and the CUSTOMER can access the taxi search service.
The CUSTOMER therefore acknowledges having read these general conditions when creating his ROBY® account, and having accepted them without restriction or reservation prior to any order.
Article 3: Taxi orders
3.1. Choice of service level
The CUSTOMER can choose to order (Immediate requests or Advance requests) a taxi corresponding to the different levels of services that are offered in the main cities in Morocco, differentiating well according to the location where the client is and where he wants go the concept of small Taxi or Grand Taxi.
3.2. Nature of Requests
3.2.1. – Immediate requests
After specifying that this is an immediate request, the CUSTOMER must report the particularities of the race. He will also notify the COMPANY that he meets the conditions to access certain specific services offered so that he can subscribe to them, which he will justify before placing any order.
The COMPANY then proceeds to an immediate analysis of the number of taxis available in the requested sector and the surrounding sectors. In the event of availability, the COMPANY announces to the CUSTOMER an estimated time of arrival of the taxi, depending on the availability of taxis. An estimate of the price of the ride is also displayed. In the light of this information, the CUSTOMER can, if he wishes, confirm or cancel his request.
If the CUSTOMER confirms his request, the COMPANY then immediately searches for a vehicle and sends the CUSTOMER an acknowledgment of receipt electronically and without delay.
3.2.2. –Requests in advance
A request in advance, known as a “reservation”, consists in the registration by the COMPANY of a request for a taxi made by the CUSTOMER within a period of fourteen days maximum to one hour minimum before the time of the trip. It is not a question of booking an identified taxi, but of taking into account a search for a taxi scheduled by the COMPANY to be carried out 15 to 45 minutes before the scheduled time of departure depending on the place of departure. pick-up, characteristics of the requested taxi and expected traffic conditions. The COMPANY reserves the right to refuse requests in advance on certain days, at certain times or in certain geographical areas depending on the number of requests already recorded and / or the foreseeable estimate concerning the supply of taxis.
In the event of difficulty in finding an available taxi, in particular in the event of degraded traffic conditions or events that greatly disrupt mobility or the availability of taxis, the COMPANY reserves the right to contact the CUSTOMER ten minutes before the departure time. planned, to inform him of the progress of the research.
On this occasion, the COMPANY will ask the CUSTOMER if he wishes to maintain his taxi search request or if he wishes to waive it in order to make other arrangements.
In the event that, at this stage of the order, the CUSTOMER decides to forgo the search for a taxi, the COMPANY will not proceed with the invoicing of the option that may be selected.
3.3. Immediate request
For each immediate request, the CUSTOMER specifies the characteristics of the request, address, particularities of the trip and any option selected, as well as the passenger’s name and mobile phone number.
For an immediate request, the COMPANY announces to the CUSTOMER an estimated time of arrival of the taxi, depending on the availability of taxis. In the light of this information, the CUSTOMER can, if he wishes, confirm or cancel his request. If the CUSTOMER confirms his request, the COMPANY then immediately searches for a vehicle and, in the event of an order via the website or the Smartphone applications, sends the CUSTOMER an acknowledgment of receipt electronically and without delay.
3.4. – Specific vehicle
When the CUSTOMER requests a specific type of vehicle, the COMPANY makes every effort to find a taxi corresponding to the requested attributes. In the event of unavailability, the COMPANY reserves the right to send another type of taxi, including, if necessary, to assign 2 vehicles instead of one, depending on the number of luggage and people to be transported. . The CUSTOMER must, in this case, pay the price of the trip to each of the two drivers.
4.2. – Billing
The invoice, drawn up in PDF format, can be downloaded from the CLIENT’s ROBY® account accessible with his personal identifiers on the website www.roby.taxi; A link to the website www.roby.taxi is sent by email to the CUSTOMER after the completion of the race. The CUSTOMER accepts this method of transmitting the invoice electronically.
The CUSTOMER and the COMPANY undertake to consider the invoice in PDF format that they will exchange as an original document binding them in a full and complete manner. Consequently, the CUSTOMER and the COMPANY agree to confer on the invoice in PDF format the probative value attributed by law to traditional invoices.
4.3. – Vehicle degradation
In the event of degradation of the taxi by the CUSTOMER or the persons accompanying him, the costs of cleaning and / or repairing the vehicle, in a fixed amount of 1000 Dh will be debited from the payment card registered by the CUSTOMER, this which is expressly accepted by it.
In the absence of a payment card registration, the company will send an invoice to the CUSTOMER which he undertakes to pay.
Article 5: Responsibility of the COMPANY
The responsibility of the COMPANY is limited to the service of finding a taxi at the address indicated by the CUSTOMER and the transmission of this trip proposal to the taxi driver. The COMPANY puts all its means in order to find an available taxi for the CUSTOMER as soon as possible.
The COMPANY cannot be held liable if the search for a taxi is unsuccessful, even in the case of a “reservation” referred to in article 3.2.2., If the execution or poor execution of the contract is attributable either to the CLIENT, or to the unforeseeable and insurmountable fact of a third party foreign to the provision of the service, or to a case of force majeure and more generally in the following cases preventing the execution of the contract under normal conditions and expected: failure or malfunction of IT and / or telecommunications networks preventing the availability of online services, strike, demonstration, bad weather, traffic accident disrupting traffic, traffic jam of an unusual magnitude, unavailability of taxis.
Upon acceptance by the taxi driver of the CUSTOMER’s travel request as sent by THE COMPANY, the taxi driver is bound directly vis-à-vis the CUSTOMER to fulfill all the obligations set by law. and regulations relating to the transport of passengers for a fee.
The taxi driver thus contracts directly with the CUSTOMER he is transporting and assumes responsibility for the transport.
It ensures the realization of the taxi ride transmitted by the COMPANY, it being specified that the execution of the transport services, from the CLIENT’s ascent to the descent of the vehicle, is carried out under the responsibility of the taxi driver who assumes full control. of the transport operation.
In the event of delay due to the taxi driver who accepted the trip, non-performance or poor performance of the trip by the latter, the responsibility of the COMPANY cannot be engaged.
For all journeys paid for directly on board to the taxi driver, it is up to the CUSTOMER to obtain his bill from the taxi driver at the end of the journey, the COMPANY not being able to establish subsequently.
The travel time estimates communicated by the COMPANY to the CUSTOMER at its request, are based on standard times which can in no way engage the responsibility of the COMPANY. Regarding major trips and / or to stations and airports, it is the CLIENT’s responsibility to take a sufficient precautionary margin in order to mitigate any traffic or other hazards. The COMPANY recommends that the CUSTOMER take an additional precautionary margin of 30 minutes for train stations and 120 minutes for airports in normal traffic conditions, and cannot be held responsible for the consequences of traffic conditions.
Article 6: Provisions specific to taxi orders via the Internet, and via smartphone applications
6.1. – Cookie
The CUSTOMER acknowledges being notified of the use of a “temporary cookie”, allowing, after connection, to identify the visitor during the session. This cookie, residing in memory, remains active as long as the visitor has not left the session, either by clicking on the button provided for this purpose on the home page of the online order, or by completely closing his browser ( the cookie is then normally automatically deleted). Although this is not recommended, the CUSTOMER can oppose the use of this cookie without limiting his possibilities of accessing the site, by configuring his browser appropriately.
6.2. – Tip to the taxi driver
Tips are optional and left at the sole discretion of the CUSTOMER.
A tip, the principle and amount of which is freely determined by the CUSTOMER, may be allocated to the taxi driver for each trip carried out.
At the end of the trip, the CUSTOMER receives an email summarizing the amount of the trip and the amount of the tip granted to the driver.
The tip is paid in full to the driver at the same time as the price of the trip.
6.3. – Service availability
The COMPANY strives to make the online ordering service operational almost permanently, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. However, it authorizes itself to interrupt it with or without notice, for reasons inherent to operating constraints.
Accessibility to the service is also conditioned by the use by the CUSTOMER of sufficient computer resources, of an appropriate Internet browser (list of compatible browsers on request) or of a compatible smartphone at the hardware and software level (the CUSTOMER can obtain the recommended configuration (s) from the COMPANY on request).
6.4. – Intellectual property
In application of the intellectual property code, all the elements of the site or the application (graphics, images, texts, logos, databases, programs) are the full and entire property of the COMPANY, with the exception of the elements (logos in particular) provided by the partners of the COMPANY.
Any total or partial reproduction, modification or use of trademarks, illustrations, images, elements and logos, for any reason and on any medium whatsoever, without the express and prior consent of the COMPANY is strictly prohibited.
6.5. – Responsibility
The responsibilities of the COMPANY and the taxi driver can in no case be engaged if the passenger must be accompanied by his legal guardian and the latter is absent, specifically in the case of the transport of minors.
The driver may be forced to refuse to take charge of a young passenger whose behavior could be detrimental to the smooth running or safety of the race.
Article 7: Evolution of the general conditions
The COMPANY reserves the right to modify the general conditions of use of the services by publishing a new version of the general conditions on the site www.roby.taxi and in the smartphone applications.
The applicable general conditions are those in effect on the date of use of the service.
Article 8: Personal data
ROBY undertakes that the collection and processing of your data, carried out from the https://www.roby.taxi site or applications, comply with the General Data Protection Regulations (RGPD) and with the Data Protection Act.
Personal data collected
ROBY, as data controller within the meaning of the GDPR, limits the collection of personal data to adequate, relevant and strictly necessary data for the marketing of our services and the management of the commercial relationship.
Two types of data are collected by ROBY:
* Personal data that you provide to us when you register on our website and / or on our mobile applications. They are mandatory for the reservation and management of the races you order; failure to provide this data may result in the inability to offer our services to you.
* Personal data relating to the trips requested or carried out (date, departure addresses, arrival area, rating assigned to the service, etc.) and their invoicing. They are mandatory and relevant to ensure a high level of quality of service to our customers.
Use of your data in the background in the roby.taxi application.
CLIENTS Roby.taxi collects your location data in the background so you can see the taxi as it approaches and the driver can reach your location when the race is started as quickly as possible. Outside of a race, activates your position and / or your geolocation is not shared.
DRIVERS Roby.taxi collects your location data in the background to allow the customer to see the actual active taxis around them. Your location is also shared so that the customer can see your taxi as it approaches. Your location is not shared when you exit the app.
No geolocation data is used for advertising purposes.
Processing of your data
The personal data collected as part of the services offered by ROBY are hosted and processed in France according to secure protocols.
The purpose of processing this data is:
* The execution of the reservation service / management of your travel requests and the realization of the transport service by the ROBY affiliated drivers
* Improving the quality of service (personalization of the offer, fight against fraud, identification of dysfunction, improvement of customer knowledge through possibly anonymized statistical analyzes)
* Communication through sms or email campaigns, in particular to keep you informed of the evolution of our services
The legal basis of this processing is based on your contractual relationship with ROBY and / or on ROBY’s legal or regulatory obligations or on your consent, with regard to commercial prospecting processing, which you can withdraw at any time by sending us a email via the contact form on our site https://www.roby.taxi.
Data transmission
Your personal data is only transmitted to our partners for the purpose of ensuring the proper performance of the service and the follow-up of the resulting commercial relationship, in particular:
* To ROBY affiliated drivers, to access support information (name, address)
* To our payment service provider (Stripe), to offer you the remote payment of our services by credit card.
Conservation
Your personal data will be kept for a period adapted to the purpose of each of these treatments. As an exception, this data may be kept for longer periods to manage complaints and disputes, if applicable, as well as to meet legal and / or regulatory obligations.
Your rights
You have the right to request access to your personal data and the rectification of inaccurate data. You can request the erasure of data and restriction of processing, within the limits provided for by applicable law. You have the right to the portability of personal data that you have provided to the Company, under the conditions provided for by applicable law. You also have the right to define guidelines relating to the storage, erasure and communication after your death of your personal data processed by the Company, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.
Contact
You can exercise these rights either by sending an e-mail to contact@roby.taxi.
ou also have the right to lodge a complaint relating to the processing of your personal data with the Commission Nationale Informatique et Libertés (CNIL and CNDP).
By way of derogation from the provisions of article 43 of law 09-08 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data, and may transfer personal data to a State that does not meet the conditions provided for in article 43, and in accordance with the provisions of article 44 of the same law, we are required to transfer the collected data to storage servers abroad subcontracted to the company AMAZON AWS. As a result, you consent to your personal data being transferred and give your positive consent by checking the relevant box.
Your consent is given freely and without constraint and can be withdrawn freely.
See also appendix to our user privacy policy.
PRIVACY STATEMENT APPLICABLE TO USERS
Effective date: July 15 2015
Roby Technologies collects data about you when you use our mobile applications, websites and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”), and through other interactions and communications you have with us. If you reside in the United States, the Services are not applicable in that country. The Privacy Statement applies to data collected and used by Roby Technologies Maroc if you reside outside the United States, the Services are provided by Roby Technologies Maroc., And its Privacy Statement applies to data collected and used by Roby Technologies Morocco.
are hereinafter collectively referred to as “Roby Technologies” or “we”).
Scope
This Privacy Statement (the “Statement”) applies to persons worldwide who use our applications or Services to request our transportation, delivery or other on-demand services (“Users”). This Statement does not apply to data that we collect from, or on drivers, couriers, partner transport companies, or any other person who uses the Roby Technologies platform under license (collectively, the “Drivers”). If you use the Services as both a User and a Driver, the respective privacy statements will apply to your different uses.
Collection of data
Data you provide to us
We collect the data that you provide us directly, for example when you create or modify your account, request services on request, contact customer support or more generally when you communicate with us. This data may include: name, email address, phone number, postal address, profile picture, payment method, requested items (for delivery services), delivery slips and other information that you have chosen to communicate to us.
Data we collect when you use our Services
When you use our Services, we collect data about you in the following general categories:
* Contact information: If you authorize the Roby taxi s application to access your mobile phone’s address book through the authorization system used by your mobile platform, we can access and store the names and information of contact from your address book to facilitate social interactions through our Services and for any other purpose described in this Statement, or when giving your consent or collection.
* Transaction Data: We collect transactional information relating to your use of our Services, including type of service requested, date and time the service was provided, amount charged, distance traveled and any other information associated with operations. Additionally, if someone uses your promotion code, we can associate your name with that person.
* Usage and Preference Information: We collect information about how you and site visitors interact with our Services, preferences expressed and settings chosen. In some cases, we do this through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies that create and maintain unique identifiers. To learn more about these technologies, please refer to our Cookie Statement.
* Data relating to mobile phones: We may collect information about your mobile including, for example, the type of hardware, the operating system and its version, the names and versions of the software and files, the chosen language, the unique device identifier, advertising identifiers, serial number, movement data and mobile network information.
* Data relating to calls and SMS: Our Services facilitate communications between Users and Drivers. In order to facilitate this service, we receive call data, including the day and time of the call or SMS message, the phone number of the parties, as well as the content of the SMS message.
* Log Data: When you interact with the Services, we collect server logs which may include information such as IP addresses, days and dates of calls, characteristics of applications or page views, service outages. application and other system activity, the type of browser and the third-party site or service you were using before interacting with our Services.
Important data regarding platform permissions
Most platforms (iOS, Android, etc.) have defined certain types of mobile data that applications cannot access without your consent. In addition, these platforms have different authorization systems to obtain your consent. The iOS platform will alert you the first time that the Roby application wishes to obtain authorization to access certain types of data and will give you the choice to accept (or not) this request. Mobile devices running Android will notify you of the permissions that the Roby app wants to obtain before you use the app for the first time, and your use will constitute your agreement. Find out more about what platform level permissions we want to get. Sometimes these permissions require more explanation than the platforms themselves provide, and the permissions we request will change over time, which is why we’ve created these pages to serve as reference resources and updated for our users.
Data we collect from other sources
We may also collect information from other sources and combine them with information we collect through our Services. For example :
* If you choose to link to, create or log into your Roby account with a payment provider (e.g. Google Wallet) or social network (e.g. Facebook), or if you are viewing a separate application or website that uses our API (or whose API we use), we may receive data about you or your connections from that site or application.
We may transfer the information described in this Statement, process it and store it in the United States and other countries, some of which may have less protective data protection laws than that in force in the country. where you reside. When this is the case, we will take the necessary measures to protect your personal data in accordance with this Statement.
Data sharing
We may share the information we collect about you as specified in this Statement or at the time of collection or sharing, including as follows:
Via our Services
We may share data about you:
Other important data sharing
We may share information about you:
* With Roby Technologies subsidiaries and its affiliated entities that provide services or process data on our behalf, or for data centralization and / or logistics purposes;
* With suppliers, consultants, marketing partners and other service providers who need access to this information in order to perform work on our behalf;
* In response to a request for information from a competent authority if we believe that the disclosure complies with, or is more generally required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process;
* With law enforcement officials, government agencies or other third parties, if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our User contracts, Terms of Service, policies or to protect the rights, property or safety of Roby Technologies or others;
* In connection with, or during negotiations relating to any merger, sale of the company’s assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing or acquisition of all or part of our activities by or in another company;
* If we notify you more generally and you consent to this sharing; and
* In synthetic and / or anonymous form which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Social sharing features
The Services may incorporate social sharing features as well as other related tools that allow you to share actions you take on our Services with other applications, sites or media, and vice versa. Using these features allows you to share information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you make with the social sharing service. Please refer to the privacy statements of these social sharing services for more information on how they handle the data you provide or share through them.
Your choices
Information about your account.
You can correct your account information at any time by logging into your online account or the one on the application. If you would like to cancel your account, please email us at support@roby.taxi Please note that in some cases we may retain certain information about you because we are required to do so by law, or for legitimate business purposes in the limit prescribed by law. For example, if your account shows a credit or debit balance, or if we believe that you have committed fraud or violated our Terms and Conditions, we may seek to resolve the problem before erasing your data.
Permission to access
Roby complies with individual requests for access to, correction and / or deletion of personal data it maintains in accordance with applicable law.
By way of derogation from the provisions of article 43 of law 09-08 relating to the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data, and may transfer personal data to a State that does not meet the conditions provided for in article 43, and in accordance with the provisions of article 44 of the same law, we are required to transfer the collected data to storage servers abroad subcontracted to the company AMAZON AWS. As a result, you consent to your personal data being transferred and give your positive consent by checking the relevant box.
Your consent is given freely and without constraint and can be withdrawn freely.
Your California Privacy Rights
California law allows California residents to request certain information about how their data is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. Roby Technologies do not share personally identifiable information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you give us permission to do so.
Cookies and advertising
Please see our Cookie Statement for more information on your choice of cookies and related technologies.
Amendments to the Declaration
We may change this Statement from time to time. If we significantly change the way we process your personal data, or this Statement, we will notify you through the Services or by any other means, such as email. Your continued use of the Services after this notice will constitute your acceptance of the changes concerned. We invite you to periodically review this Statement for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement, please contact us on the website: www.roby.taxi
Privacy Policy Updated February 22 2022
PERSONAL DATA and LOCATION
ROBY undertakes that the collection and processing of your data, carried out from the https://www.roby.taxi site or applications, comply with the General Data Protection Regulations (RGPD) and with the Data Protection Act.
Personal data collected
ROBY, as data controller within the meaning of the GDPR, limits the collection of personal data to adequate, relevant and strictly necessary data for the marketing of our services and the management of the commercial relationship.
Two types of data are collected by ROBY:
Personal data that you provide to us when you register on our website and / or on our mobile applications. They are mandatory for the reservation and management of the races you order; failure to provide this data may result in the inability to offer our services to you.
Personal data relating to the trips requested or carried out (date, departure addresses, arrival area, rating assigned to the service, etc.) and their invoicing. They are mandatory and relevant to ensure a high level of quality of service to our customers.
Use of your location data in the background in the roby.taxi app.
CUSTOMERS
Roby.taxi requires your location data in the background and location fine, so that you can see the taxi as it approaches and so that the driver can reach your location when the journey is in progress and as quickly as possible. Outside of a journey your location and/or geolocation is not shared.
Fine tracking is used to calculate the most accurate fare to comply with Moroccan regulations.
If you do not enable theses features, we are sorry but the application will not work.
DRIVERS
Roby.taxi requires your location data in the background to allow the customer to see which taxis are actually active around them.
Your location is also shared so that the customer can see your taxi as they approach.
Your location is not shared when you leave the application.
Fine tracking is used to let your customer know your Fine location as they approach your vehicle.
If you do not enable theses features, we are sorry but the application will not work.
ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION: To offer the client a precise rate and price of neighbourhood in each city of Morocco. We ask for this location because there are different rates and price depending on the neighborhood.
ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION: Respect the Moroccan regulations. There are small and large taxis with different rates allowed per city. Mandatory
ACCESS_BACKGROUND_LOCATION: We use this service for the driver taxi, can be receive run
or even when the app is in the background.
We do not use Adversiting.
Processing of your data
The personal data collected as part of the services offered by ROBY are hosted and processed in France according to secure protocols.
The purpose of processing this data is:
The execution of the reservation service / management of your travel requests and the realization of the transport service by the ROBY affiliated drivers
Improving the quality of service (personalization of the offer, fight against fraud, identification of dysfunction, improvement of customer knowledge through possibly anonymized statistical analyzes)
Communication by sms or email campaigns, in particular to inform you of the evolution of our services
The legal basis of this processing is based on your contractual relationship with ROBY and / or on ROBY’s legal or regulatory obligations or on your consent, with regard to commercial prospecting processing, which you can withdraw at any time by sending us a email via the contact form on our site https://www.roby.taxi.
Data transmission
Your personal data is only transmitted to our partners for the purpose of ensuring the proper performance of the service and the follow-up of the resulting commercial relationship, in particular:
To ROBY affiliated drivers, to access support information (name, address)
To our payment service provider (Stripe), to offer you the remote payment of our services by credit card.
And, subject to your consent, to service providers intervening for the purposes of our marketing communication.
Conservation
Your personal data will be kept for a period adapted to the purpose of each of these treatments. As an exception, this data may be kept for longer periods to manage complaints and disputes, if applicable, as well as to meet legal and / or regulatory obligations.
Your rights
You have the right to request access to your personal data and the rectification of inaccurate data. You can request the erasure of data and restriction of processing, within the limits provided for by applicable law. You have the right to the portability of personal data that you have provided to the Company, under the conditions provided for by applicable law. You also have the right to define guidelines relating to the storage, erasure and communication after your death of your personal data processed by the Company, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.
Contact
You can exercise these rights either by sending