Simple Rota Maker Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our app & website. Our App and Site are used interchangeably.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website or app?
When registering on our app or website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your email address or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you download and sign up with our app or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To save the worker rosters you create so you can access them on any device
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings, including advertisements, in which you are most interested.
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
An external PCI compliant payment gateway handles all CC transactions. Apple App Store  or Google Play Store.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
STEPS TO DELETE YOUR DATA
To delete your data, go to settings > delete account > enter your password and confirm.
Once deleted your email, all your rosters and content are immediately deleted from our servers and cannot be recovered
.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about the app and site traffic and interaction so that we can offer better experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Keep track of advertisements.
• Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it’s release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website or in our app. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads in our app . Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
We have implemented the following:
• Remarketing with Google AdSense
• Google Display Network Impression Reporting
• Demographics and Interests Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting Out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the United States to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our app settings page.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
• By logging in to your account
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Do we let third-parties, including ad networks or plug-ins collect PII from children under 13? No, not Permitted by us.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via in-site or in-app notification
• Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
• Allow you sign up, save your created work rosters, access them on any device, Send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions and to let you reset your passwords
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
• Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
• Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
• Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
simplerotamaker@gmail.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Simple Rota Maker
Members Of Us Limited
Dublin 2, Dublin D02 EY47
Republic of Ireland
hello@simplerotamaker.app
+353899874168
Last Edited on 21/05/2020
Simple Rota Maker Terms of Service
Provided to you by Members of Us Limited
The Terms of Service (“Terms”) given herein govern your access to and use of the services, websites, and applications offered by Simple Rota Maker App (the “Service”). You can access and use the Service only if you accept and comply with these Terms.
Please read these terms, as they constitute a binding legal agreement between you and Simple Rota Maker App. By downloading or installing the app or otherwise accessing or using the Service, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the Terms and the privacy policy section without modification. If you are not in agreement with these terms, then you may not use the Service. By using the Service you signify that you are of legal age to form a binding contract. It may be noted that the Service may be changed without prior notice. It also may be possible that the Service might be stopped or some features of the Service may be withdrawn from you or users in general. We also may create usage limits for the Service. Under any of the above circumstances Simple Rota Maker and its parent company Members of Us Limited shall not be held liable.
Eligibility to use the Service
The use of the Service is conditional. It may be used only if you can form a binding contract with Simple Rota Maker App, and only if you conform to these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations. You may not use the Service if you are not of legal age to form a binding contract with Simple Rota Maker app or you are a person barred from using the Service under the laws of the republic of Ireland or other countries including the country in which you are resident or from which you use the Service. Subject to applicable law, Simple Rota Maker App may refuse to offer the Service to any person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time.
Rules and Regulations
By installing and using this service you agree to abide to the following rules and regulations. Failure to abide by these rules may lead Simple Rota Maker App to take action we deem necessary to protect the integrity of the Service.
➢using the Service to violate any applicable law. This is inclusive of any intellectual property laws, right of privacy or publicity laws, and any laws outside the jurisdiction of Ireland that may be applicable to you. It also encompasses any contractual or other legal obligations that you may be under;
➢using the Service for any unlawful purposes or for promoting illegal activities;
➢using the Service to create incorrect, misleading, or deceptive impression. This also covers impersonating others or misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity;
➢publishing or posting other people’s private or personally identifiable information without their consent and authorization;
➢posting content that is vicious, abusive, insulting, threatening, violent, profane,unlawful, invasive of any person’s privacy, harassing, defamatory, libellous, false, fraudulent, deceptive, misleading, obscene, offensive, contains sexually explicit materials, or otherwise deemed inappropriate at the sole discretion of Simple Rota Maker  App. Any content that contains nudity or pornography, or is otherwise objectionable is firmly restricted;
➢ using the Service to send unsolicited commercial bulk mail or junk mail;
➢publishing content to malign anyone or linking anyone to malicious content with the intention of damaging another user’s mobile device, browser or computer or to disrupt a user’s privacy;
➢gaining access or meddling with non-public areas of the Service, Simple Rota Maker  App or Zenia technology’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Simple Rota Maker  App’s providers;
➢investigating, examining or scrutinizing the vulnerability of any system or network or violating or avoiding any security or authentication measures;
➢accessing or exploring or attempting to access or probe the Service by any means (automated or otherwise) except those that are currently available or interfaces that are provided by Simple Rota Maker  App in compliance with the terms and conditions mentioned therein. Simple Rota Maker App has a specific policy that grants permission under a separate agreement to crawl the Service in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, but scraping the Service without the prior approval of Simple Rota Maker  App is strictly restricted;
➢any type of forging such as altering the TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or using the Service to send misleading, ambiguous or distorted source-identifying information;
➢obstructing, hampering,(or attempting to do so) the access of any user, host or network.
➢all activities without limitation such as sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing the Service are rigorously prohibited. These may also include scripting the creation of Content in such a way that obstructs the working of the Service or creates an unnecessary strain on the Service.
The use of the Service is conditional. It may be used only if you can form a binding contract with Simple Rota Maker App, and only if you conform to these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations. You may not use the Service if you are not of legal age to form a binding contract with Simple Rota Maker app or you are a person barred from using the Service under the laws of the republic of Ireland or other countries including the country in which you are resident or from which you use the Service. Subject to applicable law, Simple Rota Maker App may refuse to offer the Service to any person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time.
Rules and Regulations
By installing and using this service you agree to abide to the following rules and regulations. Failure to abide by these rules may lead Simple Rota Maker App to take action we deem necessary to protect the integrity of the Service.
➢using the Service to violate any applicable law. This is inclusive of any intellectual property laws, right of privacy or publicity laws, and any laws outside the jurisdiction of Ireland that may be applicable to you. It also encompasses any contractual or other legal obligations that you may be under;
➢using the Service for any unlawful purposes or for promoting illegal activities;
➢using the Service to create incorrect, misleading, or deceptive impression. This also covers impersonating others or misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity;
➢publishing or posting other people’s private or personally identifiable information without their consent and authorization;
➢posting content that is vicious, abusive, insulting, threatening, violent, profane,unlawful, invasive of any person’s privacy, harassing, defamatory, libellous, false, fraudulent, deceptive, misleading, obscene, offensive, contains sexually explicit materials, or otherwise deemed inappropriate at the sole discretion of Simple Rota Maker  App. Any content that contains nudity or pornography, or is otherwise objectionable is firmly restricted;
➢ using the Service to send unsolicited commercial bulk mail or junk mail;
➢publishing content to malign anyone or linking anyone to malicious content with the intention of damaging another user’s mobile device, browser or computer or to disrupt a user’s privacy;
➢gaining access or meddling with non-public areas of the Service, Simple Rota Maker  App or Zenia technology’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Simple Rota Maker  App’s providers;
➢investigating, examining or scrutinizing the vulnerability of any system or network or violating or avoiding any security or authentication measures;
➢accessing or exploring or attempting to access or probe the Service by any means (automated or otherwise) except those that are currently available or interfaces that are provided by Simple Rota Maker  App in compliance with the terms and conditions mentioned therein. Simple Rota Maker App has a specific policy that grants permission under a separate agreement to crawl the Service in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, but scraping the Service without the prior approval of Simple Rota Maker  App is strictly restricted;
➢any type of forging such as altering the TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or using the Service to send misleading, ambiguous or distorted source-identifying information;
➢obstructing, hampering,(or attempting to do so) the access of any user, host or network.
➢all activities without limitation such as sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing the Service are rigorously prohibited. These may also include scripting the creation of Content in such a way that obstructs the working of the Service or creates an unnecessary strain on the Service.
Any actual or suspected fraudulent, abusive, or illegal activity may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities.
Simple Rota Maker App strictly prohibits copyright infringing activities on the Service and reserves the right to terminate access to the Service and remove all content submitted by any persons found infringing third party copyrights.
As you will be responsible for all activities that occur under your account, you should keep your password strictly confidential. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your mobile device, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account.
Defining User Content
With this Service you the user may be able to generate, post and share written text, images, video, audio, graphics, documents or any other material uploaded on the Service. Under these Terms “Content” or “User Content” or “User Postings” refers to any such information uploaded by you or appearing on the Service. . You hold the ownership of all Content that is submitted or posted by you. This also includes any content displayed or made available on the Service.
You acknowledge that Simple Rota Maker App cannot guarantee any anonymity or confidentiality with respect to any User Content.
You agree that Simple Rota Maker App does not pre-screen, approve, monitor or control user generated Content. You agree that when using the Service, you may be exposed to Content from multiple sources, and that such content may be inaccurate, offensive, indecent or objectionable. You agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you may have against Simple Rota Maker App with respect thereto. Without obligation, we reserve the right at all times to delete, refuse to distribute or publish any Content on the Service we deem inappropriate as per our Terms.
Licence grant to Simple Rota Maker App
Should we in future provide a service whereby you can post content publicly, When you post such public content through the Service, Simple Rota Maker App, its affiliates, sublicensees, partners, and designees, gets a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable license to use this content. Simple Rota Maker App may copy, reproduce or process such Content. Simple Rota Maker App also gets the right to adapt, modify, reformat, translate, publish, display, transmit and distribute such Content in any and all media. Simple Rota Maker App may use any known or later developed distribution methods for doing so. Simple Rota Maker App also has the right to sublicense its rights to use this Content.
You also acknowledge that this license allows Simple Rota Maker  App to make your publicly posted Content available to others for publication or distribution. The Content can be used for syndication, or broadcast on other media and services, subject to the terms and conditions of Simple Rota Maker App for use of such Content. By using this Service you agree that Simple Rota Maker  App or others are not liable to pay any compensation to you for the use of the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Service. You also agree to grant each user of the Service a non-exclusive license to access your publicly posted Content through the Service and to use it in accordance with this Agreement.
Simple Rota Maker  App’s License Grant to You
As per our Terms and Conditions, Simple Rota Maker App gives you a personal, worldwide and royalty-free license to use the Service as it is provided to you by Members of Us Limited. However, these services are revocable, non-assignable and non-exclusive.
The Content or communications posted via the Service may not be accurate, reliable, truthful or complete and Simple Rota Maker neither guarantees nor shall be held reliable or responsible for the above. We do not endorse, support, represent any of the Content on our Service nor endorse any opinions expressed via the Service. You also realize that while using the Service, you may be exposed to Content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate. Simple Rota Maker  App shall not be answerable to users or the law in any way under any circumstances for any Content. Simple Rota Maker App holds no liability for any type of Content inclusive of, but not restricted to, any errors or omissions in any Content. Simple Rota Maker App shall not be held liable for any loss or damage that might occur as a result of the use of any Content made available via the Service or broadcast elsewhere.
The user holds complete responsibility for the use of the Service, for any Content provided by them, and for any consequences thereof, including the use of their Content by other users and third party partners. Since Simple Rota Maker App is under license and can republish the Content and in case you do not have the right to submit Content for such use, it may subject you to liability. By posting content to the service you confirm that you have the rights and authority to grant the rights granted herein to such Content.
Simple Rota Maker strictly follows a Privacy Policy but under the following circumstances, we reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information, user postings or Content which within reason we believe necessary for: – (i) enforcement of our Terms of use and investigating any potential breaches. (ii)detection, prevention, or addressing fraud, security or technical issues , (iii)request by any applicable law, legal process, regulation, or governmentrequest , or (iv) protection of the rights, property or safety of Simple Rota Maker App, its users and the general public.
Without obligation, we reserve the right at all times to delete, refuse to distribute or publish any Content on the Service we deem inappropriate as per our Terms.
Proprietary Rights
Simple Rota Maker App and its licensors hold all exclusive intellectual property rights, title, and interest in and to the Service and this shall remain their sole property. This does not include the Content provided by users. There is no provision on the Service that grants any licence or right to use any marks, domain names, logos, and other distinctive brand features without written permission from the Simple Rota Maker  App. This proprietary right shall continue to exist after termination and expiration of these Terms and remain in full force and effect thereafter. You agree that you will not to copy, reverse-engineer decompile, transfer, assign, resell, rent, distribute or use the Service (or any part thereof) other than as expressly permitted by Simple Rota Maker  App and its licensors. Any breach of this agreement subjects you to liability and litigation. The Service is protected by copyright and other laws of the Republic of Ireland and foreign countries.
Compliance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Simple Rota Maker  App gives due regards to the individual proprietary rights of others and anticipates similar response from other users of the Service. Keeping in view this copyright policy, all notices that claim copyright violation as per applicable laws and are provided to us properly shall be responded to by us. Simple Rota Maker App works in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. If you are of the opinion that your Content has been copied in a way that amounts to copyright infringement, kindly provide our copyright agent with the following information as required by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act: (i) a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or those of a person who is permitted to act on their behalf; (ii) identification of the work owned exclusively by the claimant and alleged to have been meddled; (iii) description of the material that is asserted to be infringing or to be the subject of any such activity and that is to be deleted or access to which is to be restricted, and all the required inputs suitably enough to allow us to locate the material; (iv) your contact information, which includes address, telephone number, and email-id ; (v) a statement by you that you are certain that the material in question has not been at any point of time been authorized to be used in the manner regarding which the complaint is being made. You must ensure that this authorization has not been given to anyone by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) a statement that the information in the notification is correct, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are commissioned to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
For any copyright related queries/complaints, you can mail us at simplerotamaker@gmail.com.
You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of these requirements, your DMCA notice may not be valid
Simple Rota Maker App retains the right to delete Content that is reported to be breaching copyrights or otherwise illegal without giving prior notice and at our exclusive disposition. Furthermore, Simple Rota Maker App may delete a user’s account if the user continues to be a repeat offender.
Advertisements
The Service will include promotions, which may be targeted to the Content or information on the Service, inquiries made through the Service, or other relevant information. Simple Rota Maker App may revise the categories and magnitude of advertisements on the Service. In regard to Simple Rota Maker App providing you access to and use of the Service, you acknowledge that Simple Rota Maker App and its third party providers and partners may place such advertising on the Service or in relation to the display of Content or information from the Service whether it is submitted by you or other users.
Feedback, comments and Suggestions
We appreciate the feedback, comments and suggestions you provide to Simple Rota Maker App at your discretion. You acknowledge that you are free to do so and that you shall not purposely provide any feedback that infringes upon third parties’ proprietary rights. You also acknowledge that any and all rights, including intellectual property rights in such Feedback shall belong exclusively to Simple Rota Maker App. It is further understood that we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you.
Links to external websites
As a part of Simple Rota Maker APP services, we may provide links to third-party websites or resources. You agree that we cannot be held responsible or be liable for the information, content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources. Furthermore,we do not guarantee and are not responsible or liable for the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources. Providing links to such websites or resources does not indicate that Simple Rota Maker App in anyway endorses these websites or resources. You agree that the onus lies totally with the you while using any such websites or resources and you shall assume responsibility for any risks occurring thereof.
Warranty, Limitations of liability, Refunds Policy and indemnity
No warranty
The subscribers or users fully understand that they are at their own risk while accessing and using the Service or any Content. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis without any Warranty. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law Simple Rota Maker App disclaim all liability and responsibility for the preciseness, correctness, integrity, timeliness, availability, fitness for a particular purpose, security or reliability of the Service or any content you download or use by means of the service. In case of any damage to your mobile, loss of data, business or any other fault that may occur from accessing or using the Service or Content therein, it will not be a responsibility or liability of Simple Rota Maker App. You also agree that in case of deletion, omission or failure to save or transmit, any Content or other communications maintained by the service, Simple Rota Maker App will not be responsible or liable. We make no claim or warranty, expressed or implied with respect to the Service, that the Service will meet your requirements or be available to you without interruptions or errors or be completely secure. All risk arising out of the use or performance of the Service and any Content (including user Content or postings) made available through or on the Service remains solely with you. Any information or advice, in written or oral form, given by Simple Rota Maker App, or obtained through the Service, will not be considered as warranty.
AT OUR SOLE DISCRETION AND FOR ANY OR NO REASON, WE RETAIN THE RIGHT TO DELETE AND TERMINATE THE ACCOUNTS AND RECLAIM THE USERNAMES OF USERS WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE, PARTICULARLY USERS FOUND TO BE IN BREACH OF OUR TERMS OF USE. YOU AGREE THAT Simple Rota Maker  App WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY SUCH TERMINATION.
Limitation of liability
To the full extent, as permitted by applicable laws, Simple Rota Maker App and its affiliates,associates, partners, officers, employees, agents, licensors and third party links will not be liable for any direct, indirect, random, special, related, incidental, ensuing or retributive damages. These damages include without limitation, any financial loss, loss of profits, data, content, use, repute, cost of procurement of substitute services, or other abstract or consequential losses. These damages include but are not limited to damages arising from:
your use or inability to use the service;
any content downloaded or obtained from the service;
any content you obtain from the service;
illegal or unauthorized access, utilization or amendment of your transmissions or content, whether based on any pledge, agreement, bond or tort (including negligence) or any other legal aspect, irrespective of whether Simple Rota Maker App and associates have been advised of the prospect of such damage, and even if a solution given by Simple Rota Maker App had failed to serve its purpose;
and any behaviour or content of any third party posting to the Service, including without limitation, any defamatory, objectionable or illegal conduct of other users or third parties.
Under no circumstances shall Simple Rota Maker App’s s liability under, arising out of or relating to the Service, these terms or use of the service or arising from any claim by any other party exceed the fees paid by you for the Service, if any, even if Simple Rota Maker App has been informed of the possibility of such damages.
No Refunds policy
EVERY EFFORT HAS BEEN MADE TO ENSURE THE SATBILITY & INTEGRITY OF Simple Rota Maker App. WE WILL NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY FAILURES IN THE APP DUE TO, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, YOUR INABILITY TO USE THE APP  APPROPRIATELY, SYSTEM OR DEVICE FAILURES WHILE USING THE APP, AND ANY THIRD PARTY MALICIOUS INTRUSIONS TO OUR SYSTEMS. ANY ATTEMPTS AT MALICIOUS INTRUSIONS WILL BE INVESTIGATED AND PROSECUTED TO THE FULL EXTENT OF THE LAW. ALL IN-APP PURCHASES  PERFORMED IN Simple Rota Maker App ARE FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE EXCEPT UNDER SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH WILL BE REVIEWED ON A CASE BY CASE BASIS.
Indemnity
If any person stakes a claim against us in regard to your actions or postings on the Service, or actions or Content by or from somebody using your account, you will indemnify , defend, and hold us and our affiliates, including the directors and employees, harmless and unaccountable for any and all damages, costs, losses, and expenses of any kind including reasonable attorneys’ fees and other legal expenses and costs related to such third party claim. Under no circumstances whatsoever will Simple Rota Maker App and any of its affiliates be liable in any way for any Content and user postings, including, without limitation, for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any infringement of third party’s right, loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of such Content and/or user postings.
Governing law, General Terms and Dispute resolution
Governing law: These Terms, conditions and any action related to these will be regulated and construed in accordance to the laws of the Republic of Ireland. This is applicable irrespective of any contradiction or conflict of law provisions of your home state or country of residence. All claims, legal proceedings or litigations arising in connection with the Service will be brought solely in Dublin Ireland and it is considered as agreed by you to the jurisdiction of and venue in such courts and you shall not have any objection citing inconvenience.
Limitation of claims: You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
Alternative dispute resolution (“ADR”) : Under certain scenarios, for claims (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) under these Terms of service where the total amount of compensation sought is less than €10000, the party seeking compensation may decide to resolve the dispute through binding non-appearance-based arbitration. The party seeking arbitration in this manner shall initiate the arbitration through an established alternative dispute resolution (“ADR”) provider mutually agreed upon by all parties. The arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or be solely based on written submissions, as decided by the party initiating the arbitration. The arbitration does not requireany personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties and any judgment on the compensation rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. The option for this route of dispute resolution remains at the discretion of Simple Rota Maker App and its affiliates.
General Terms: These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, including by operation of law or otherwise, but may be assigned by Simple Rota Maker  App without restriction
These Terms (including the Privacy Policy) are the entire and exclusive agreement between you and Simple Rota Maker App and its parent company Members of Us Limited relating to the Service and subject matter herein (excluding any services for which you have a separate agreement with Simple Rota Maker App that is explicitly in addition or in place of these Terms), and these Terms supersede and replace any prior agreements between Simple Rota Maker App and you regarding the Service.
The inability or failure of Simple Rota Maker  App at any time to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered as a waiver of such right or provision and will in no manner affect our right to enforce the same at a later time. If any of the provisions of these Terms are held invalid, unenforceable, or void by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavour to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the remaining provisions of the Terms remain in full force and effect. These Terms may be revised and changed from time to time with or without notice to you. The most current version will always be made available on this page (or such other page as the Service may indicate). Your continued use of the Service following such changes constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. You should review and are encouraged to check, from time to time, the most current version of these Terms. At all times, the latest version of these Terms shall be binding and prevail over any other version.
If you have questions about these Terms, please contact us at :
hello@simplerotamaker.app
Simple Rota Maker
Members Of Us Limited
Dublin 2, Dublin D02 EY47
Republic of Ireland
+353899874168
Share this:
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
More
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to print (Opens in new window)