Vision Games Publishing Limited and any one of its parent,
subsidiary or affiliated companies (collectively, "
VGP
" or
"
we
"), respect the privacy rights of our visitors and users (“
Users
”)
and recognize the importance of protecting all information that you may choose
to share with us. To further this commitment, we have adopted this Privacy
Policy ("
Policy
") to guide how we collect, store, use and
share the information you provide us when you access VGP's websites, mobile
sites and applications, online games, online functions of offline games and any
other online functions controlled, accessed by VGP as described herein
(collectively, the "
Services
"). If you do not agree to the
terms of this Policy, please do not use the Services.
We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy
at any time. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the
Policy the date it was revised. We encourage you to review this Policy from
time to time to make sure that you understand how any personal information you
provide will be used. Your continued use of the Services following the posting
of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What
     is Personal Information?
What
     types of Personal Information do we collect about our Users?
How
     is Personal Information used and shared?
Do
     we share Personal Information with third parties?
What
     kinds of security measures do we take to safeguard Personal Information?
How
     long does VGP use my Personal Information?
VGP’s
     Terms of Use
How
     can you ask questions or send comments about this Policy?
1. What is Personal Information?
As used herein, the term "personal information"
means information that specifically identifies any individual
( including
without limitation, name, date of birth,
address, telephone/mobile number, e-mail address, or payment/billing
information), and any other information that is required by applicable law to
be treated as Personal Information (“
Personal
Information
”).
Personal Information does not include "aggregate” or
“anonymized” information", which is data we collect about a User’s, or
group or category of Users’, use of the Services and/or other sites or services
(including without limitation, demographic or preference information) from
which individual identities or other Personal Information has been removed.
Please note, if VGP combines this information with Personal Information, VGP
will treat this information as Personal Information pursuant to this Policy.
2. What types of Personal Information do we collect about
our Users?
We collect Personal Information about our Users in a number
of ways when you visit or use the Services:
Active Collection:
We collect certain information
from you when you provide it, such as if you:
Create
     a profile to play
It’s
Quiz Time
;
Participate
     in our community forums or chat rooms;
Purchase
     virtual items within a VGP game;
Receive
     customer or technical support;
Participate
     in contests, events, or promotions;
Register
     product online for warranty protection; and
Polls,
     surveys, or questionnaires.
Typically, the Personal Information collected when you play
It’s
Quiz Time
includes: name; date of
birth; gender; and geolocational information. Additionally, we may also collect
demographic information such as your age, gender, and country of residence.
This demographic information may be associated with your Personal Information,
but typically it will be stored on the device you are using to play
It’s
Quiz Time
. If this demographic
information is connected with Personal Information, we will treat the
demographic information as Personal Information.
Passive Collection:
Furthermore, VGP may collect
information regarding your
behavior
to better adapt
our products and Services to your interests and to provide a better quality of
Services. VGP may on its own, or with the help of third party analytics tools,
collect information concerning your and other Users’ gaming habits, hardware
and use of our products and Services. The information collected may contain the
following, without limitation: device unique identity, including console,
mobile, tablet and console unique identifier or other device identifiers and
settings, internet provider, carrier, operating system, hardware information,
localization information, date and time spent on the Services, game scores,
game metrics and statistics, feature usage, advertising conversion rates,
monetization rate, purchase history and other similar information. Standing
alone, this information may not be Personal Information; however, if VGP
combines any of this information with Personal Information, VGP will treat this
information as Personal Information pursuant to this Policy.
Cookies:
VGP uses cookies on the Services. A
"cookie" is a small bit of record-keeping information that websites
often store on a User's computer. Cookies are typically used to quickly
identify a User's computer and to "remember" things about the User's
visit. VGP may set cookies for your web browser as you visit our websites, use
our products or visit a website where VGP provides ads, content or analytics.
You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being
sent to your computer, although this may affect your ability to shop online or
to access certain features of our Services. Each browser is different, so check
the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie
preferences. In addition to VGP using cookies on Services and our network of
websites, VGP allow certain partners to set and access their cookies on your
computer. These companies use of cookies is subject to their own privacy
policies, not the VGP Privacy Policy. Please review them carefully. For more
information about cookies, please see
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Please note, if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect
certain features on the Services.
Third Parties:
We may obtain certain information
about you from third parties, including Personal Information. Please note: VGP
is not responsible for the privacy and security practices and policies of such
third parties.
3. How is Personal Information used and shared?
We don't require Personal Information to access our
Services. However, if you prefer not to disclose Personal Information, to the
extent permitted by applicable law, you may not be able to register and/or
enjoy certain features of our Services. We use Personal Information we collect
through the Services for the purposes described in this Policy.
For example:
To
     provide the Services, products or information you request and to process
     and complete any transactions in connection therewith;
To
     communicate with you and respond to your emails, submissions, questions,
     inquiries, comments, requests, and complaints and to provide customer
     service. For instance, we may use your email address to send you service
     announcements that tell you about updates to our Terms of Use or this
     Policy, changing in pricing, changes to the Services or our online service
     or customer support policies.
To
     monitor and
analyze
the Services usage and
     trends and otherwise measure the effectiveness of the Services or request
     feedback from you about the Services;
To
     send you confirmations, updates, security alerts, and support and
     administrative messages, to detect and prevent fraud, and to otherwise
     facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, the
     Services;
To
     operate the Services, including, without limitation, payment processing,
     and products delivery; and
To
     personalize and improve the Services and Users' experiences and to
     increase the functionality and User friendliness of the Services;
For
     any other purpose as described in this Policy or for which we notified you
     the information will be collected, used and shared and received your
     consent.
4. Do we share Personal Information with third parties?
We will only share the Personal Information we collect from
you through the Services with third parties as described in this Policy or
otherwise as detailed at the time of collection. For example, we may share
Personal Information as follows:
With
     vendors, consultants, and/or other service providers ("
Service
Providers
") who are engaged by or working with us in
     connection with the operation of the Services and/or the promotion of VGP
     products and who need access to such information to carry out their work;
     and
With
     other Users of the Services as described herein.
To the extent that third parties have access to your
Personal Information, whenever possible, we will request that they will follow
practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this
Policy;
We will also use and share information, including Personal
Information, for the purposes specifically described below:
Console Accounts/ Social Networks :
By playing an VGP
game through a social network or other third party platform or service, or by
connecting to a third party account, network, platform or service via one of
our products and/or Services, you are authorizing VGP to (1) collect, store,
and use, in accordance with this Policy, any and all information that you
agreed that the console manufacturer, social network or other third party
platform could provide to VGP based on your settings on your console account,
the third party social network or platform and (2) share any and all of your
Personal Information with the console manufacturer, social network or other
third party platform, through the third party platform’s Application
Programming Interface (API). Your agreement to this takes place when you
connect with the third-party network, platform or service via our products
and/or services, and/or when you connect with, "accept" or
"allow" (or similar terms) one of our applications through the
third party
platform or service.
Online Events and Promotions:
Your participation in
online events and promotions may be conditional upon VGP’s collection, use,
storage, transmission and public display of statistical data (such as your
scores, rankings and achievements) generated through your participation. This
statistical data may include your Personal Information.
Disclosures required by law and to protect the security
and safety of Users:
We will disclose Personal Information when we believe
in good faith that such disclosures (a) are required by law, including, for
example, to comply with a court order or subpoena, (b) will help to: enforce
this Policy, our Terms of Use; enforce contest, sweepstakes, promotions, and/or
game rules, (c) protect your safety or security, including the safety and
security of property that belongs to you; and/or, protect the safety and
security of VGP, or any third parties. Unless required by law, VGP will not be
required to notify you of any such disclosure.
You understand that when you use the Services, any
information you post in any interactive areas of the Services, as well as any
information you share with individuals through public or private groups or
forums, as well as any information you share with individuals through the
Services or through social network sites or other social feeds, will be
available to other Users and in some
cases
may be
publicly available. We recommend you be cautious about giving out Personal
Information to others or sharing Personal Information in public or private
online forums. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we are not
responsible for the actions of third party service providers or other third
parties, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide
directly to any third parties. Therefore, we encourage you to become familiar
with their privacy practices before disclosing information directly to any such
third parties.
5. What kinds of security measures do we take to
safeguard Personal Information?
The security and confidentiality of your Personal
Information is extremely important to us. We use robust security measures to
protect Personal Information from loss, misuse and alteration. We use
industry-standard practices such as encrypted communications, physically
secured rooms, firewalls and password protection systems to safeguard the
confidentiality of your Personal Information. From time to time, we review our
security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods.
However, please understand that, despite our best efforts, no security measure
is perfect or impenetrable. Please note, we will notify Users of a data breach
pursuant to applicable law
.
To protect the confidentiality of Personal Information
maintained in your account, you must keep your password confidential and not
disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of the
Services by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you
believe your password has been misused.
DESPITE OUR REASONABLE EFFORTS TO KEEP YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION SECURE, NO COMPANY CAN GUARANTEE THE SECURITY AND PRIVACY OF ITS
SERVICES, INFORMATION AND OTHER DATA. OUR PRIVACY POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE
"AS IS" AND VGP MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY.
6. How long does VGP use my Personal Information?
Unless a different use/storage period is required by
applicable laws and regulations, VGP will use and store your Personal
Information for a length of time necessary for the uses explained in this
Policy.
7. VGP’s Terms of Use
The terms of this Policy are incorporated into our Terms of
Use. Please review our Terms of Use at:
https://snapfingerclick.com/itsquiztime/end-user-licence-agreement.html
.
All terms in capital used in this Policy have the meaning as those defined in
the Terms of Use located at
[LINK TO TERMS OF USE]
.
8. How can you ask questions or send comments about this
Policy?
If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this
Policy, please send an e-mail with your questions or comments to
support@VGP.com
or write us at the address
below:
Please be assured that any Personal Information that you
provide in communications to the above email and postal mail addresses will not
be used to send you promotional materials, unless you request it.