Spotlight Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us at Spotlight Media Labs Inc. (“Spotlight” or “we”, or “us,” or “our”).  This Privacy Policy applies to all users of our Website(s), our mobile apps and any associated services (collectively, the “Services”).  This Privacy Policy explains what information, including Personal Information, we collect from or about you on our Websites, mobile apps and Services, how we use or share such information, how to exercise any rights you may have with respect to your Personal Information, and the safeguards we have in place to reduce the risk of unauthorized access and use.
We believe that the best way to protect our users’ privacy begins by collecting and storing only minimal Personal Information.  Furthermore, individual Personal Information is never shared with third parties.  Data is only shared with our publisher and advertising partners on a summary, aggregated basis across groups of users.
Please carefully read this Privacy Policy, which is part of and subject to our
Terms of Use
before using our Websites, mobile apps or Services, including, without limitation,
www.spotlightnews.us
, and any related Spotlight web pages or mobile applications that display this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with our
Terms of Use
and/or the Privacy Policy, please refrain from using our Websites or Services. By accessing or using our Websites or Services, you agree to our use of your Personal Information and other information consistent with our
Terms of Use
and this Privacy Policy.
What information we collect and how we use it
From you directly
Upon Signing up – We require a valid email address that we ask you to verify and if you are signing up directly, we require that you create a password for authentication purposes.  No further information is required to use the SpotlightNews® applications.  We do ask you to provide limited additional personal information including age, gender, college student status, college(s) attending or attended, and your location, but you are not required to provide any of this information to enjoy full use of our application services.
Spotlight and our publisher partners depend in part on revenue derived from display advertising.
If you elect to add premium, paid services to your Spotlight subscription, your payment information will be sent directly to a third-party payment processor which will vary depending on your method of payment. We do not retain the credit card number or similar payment details. The processing of your payment information is governed by a Privacy Policy for the applicable payment method.
If, in the future, we offer additional Services that require you to provide additional PII, we will seek and obtain your prior consent.  At any time, you can rescind this consent by notifying us at
privacy@spotlightnews.us
.
From your use of SpotlightNews® applications
As you use our applications, we will capture usage information including:
Publications you subscribe to
Topics (or interests) you select to follow
Articles you select to view
Articles you select to share
Articles you select to bookmark
The amount of time you spend and your completion percentage within each article, video, or other content.
We also collect certain log information regarding your access and use of Spotlight Applications and Services. This log information includes your IP address, device information such as browser or phone type and version, the URL or screen visited, and referring URL. This log information is used to measure how Spotlight is discovered by new users, to see how Spotlight is used, to identify possible abuse, and to diagnose technical problems, among other purposes.
How we use the information we collect
The information we collect is used to support the following:
Product features, functions and promotions for the individual user
Providing user technical support
Driving product improvements using anonymous, aggregated data
Determining revenue sharing payments to our Publisher Partners
Targeting advertisement placements based on demographic (e.g., college student placements only) and location.
Analysis and reporting on product usage and reader habits using anonymous, aggregated data.
Enforcing contractual obligations with our content providers.
What information we share and why
We share usage data about our registered users with advertisers and our publisher partners on a limited and aggregated basis only.   and partners in four ways:
Monthly payments—We pay participating sites each month based on how much you and other Spotlight users consume their content.
Aggregated Anonymous data—We also provide our publisher partners with aggregated anonymous user data regarding usage of their content in total and compared to overall Spotlight usage. These metrics help them project how much money they may earn from Spotlight, understand how their content is performing as compared to their peers and competitors, as well as creating and providing better content to improve user engagement.
Your PII is not shared with any third party including our publisher partners and advertisers.  Advertisers can only gain such individual information through your explicit interaction with them.
A brief word from our lawyers
In addition, we may also share your information with law enforcement agencies. For example, to determine whether there has been misuse of the web site or other systems, we may report PII and other information shared with us to law enforcement officials. We may disclose personally identifiable information if required to do so by law or subpoena (reserving the right, however, to oppose any such requests if we deem legally justified) or if we believe that disclosure is necessary to conform to the law, comply with legal process served on us or our related organizations, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities, to enforce our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against third party claims or allegations, and to protect the security or integrity of our web site or the Services.
Keeping Your Information Secure
We keep your information on secured servers and use reasonable and industry-standard administrative and technical measures to safeguard your PII from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, and destruction.  Our credit card processing vendors use industry-leading security measures to protect your information both during the transaction and after it is complete.
Some final words from our lawyers
Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
Other Terms
If you are a California resident, California’s “Shine-The-Light” law permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your PII to a third party for the third party's direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us using the contact information provided below. However, we do not rent, sell or otherwise make available your PII to others for marketing purposes.
All Spotlight computing resources are operated and hosted in the United States. By using these services, you consent to having your PII transferred to and processed in the United States. If you are located outside the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will reside on servers hosted by third-party providers located in the United States.  Spotlight’s Services operate in accordance with the privacy laws of the United States.  Although we will collect and use your information only as stated in this Privacy Policy, United States law governing the protection of personal information may not be the same as those in other jurisdictions, including in your home country.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Our Terms of Service and/or Privacy Policy may change from time to time. This Privacy Policy was last updated on April 15,2021. We will post any privacy policy changes here, and if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice. In some cases, we will provide email notification of privacy policy changes. We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy available so you can review historical changes.
Contact Us
privacy@spotlightnews.us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, including what PII and other information we collect and how we use it, you may email us at
privacy@spotlightnews.us
. Spotlight is committed to protecting your data, and we encourage you to contact us.