Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how VIMAGE (“Vimage”, “Vimageapp”, “Vimage team”, “Expose“, “Expose app“, “Airt“, “Airt app“, “We”, “Us”, or “Our” ) protects your privacy when you use Vimage services (“Services”) which includes the Web site located at vimageapp.com (the “Site” ) and all Vimage mobile phone applications (“Mobile”).
Vimage is „vimage app Ltd” (Hungary, 7751 Szederkény, Petőfi Sándor street 22. building A., company registration number: 02-09-083318, tax number: HU26150909).
Conact: hello(@)vimageapp.com
representative of the controller: Zsolt Mate Czigler
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW, YOU MAY NOT USE THE VIMAGE SERVICES.
This Privacy Policy together with our Terms of Service applies to the information (including personal information) collected during your use of Vimage services. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, “personal information” means information that identifies you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us. Personal information does not include a technical, device, or usage information that cannot be used to
identify you personally, nor does it include “aggregate” information, which is data we collect about the use of the Services or about a group or category of Services or users, from which individual identities or other personal information have been removed. This Privacy Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate and non-personal information, and we may share such data about our users with third parties for various purposes.
MWM, VIMAGE publisher, processes your Personal Data for the purposes and on the legal bases set out below.
What Information We Collect
We respect the privacy of every individual who uses our Services. We collect certain personal information that you voluntarily provide to us. For example, we collect your name, email address, user name, social network information and other information you provide us when you register, set up an account, contact us by e-mail or use our services. We may also obtain information from other companies and combine that with information we collect on
the Services; for example, when you link your account with Facebook, when you link your account with Instagram, we might have access to your name and profile picture.
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect some information. Such information includes the type of browser you use, your browser’s language, access time or the website from which you linked to us. We also collect information about your computer’s operating system and information about your usage and activity on the Site. This information is only used to assist us in providing an effective service. We may, from time to time, supply the owners and operators of third party websites and mobile applications which have a link to our site or application with information about the number of users of our Site or Mobile. You cannot be identified from any of this information.
When you register on the App, you must provide a certain amount of information, particularly your username, email and password. You may also add a profile picture and a short presentation to your profile.
You can also decide to sign up with Apple, using your Apple ID, or with Facebook which will transmit to MWM the public information on your Facebook profile: name, surname, profile picture, and if you chose to share it or if authorized in your Facebook settings, your email address. Please note that if you chose to hide your email address, we won’t have it, but we will nevertheless be able to communicate with you through Apple or Facebook.
MWM processes such Personal Data for the creation and management of your account and for providing the services offered via the App. This processing is necessary for entering into and executing a contract with you.
You are informed that MWM also uses your email address to send you service messages, and information relating to the App (e.g. contents created by the community, tutorials, new features etc.), and direct marketing emails or newsletters relating to other similar products or services offered by MWM, on the basis of its legitimate interests to communicate with you and inform you of new products or services.
Please note that you can also access the App as a “visitor”, without registering. The above Personal Data will then not be collected.
Personal Data collected when you subscribe
You can also subscribe to the App or make in-app purchases.
In case of in-app purchases, your card details and invoice information (name, surname and postal address) are collected and processed by Google or Apple, depending on the app store of your device.
Such Personal Data will only be processed for the payment or subscription you ordered. This processing is necessary for entering into and executing a contract with you.
Data collected when you contact VIMAGE or MWM
While you are using the App, you may contact MWM. MWM will process your personal data based on its legitimate interests to process and answer your questions and claims.
Anonymous usage data
MWM and VIMAGE may collect usage data, in an anonymous manner, in order to better organize and manage the contents it presents on the App. This data is aggregated and can in no respect identify you.
Cookies
We automatically collect certain information through the use of “cookies”. Cookies are small data files that are stored on your hard drive by a Web site. We use cookies to collect information about your device,
including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report information to our branded partners.
We may store some information on your computer when you visit the website. This information facilitates your use of the website, personalizes your experience and helps us to remember your preferences. The
information stored in a cookie provides features that recognize your account as logged on and other Site features. We do not have any control over cookies which our advertisers or branded partners may use on the website.
Security
The technology that we use and the policies that we have implemented are intended to safeguard your privacy from unauthorized access and improper use. We will continue to update these measures as new technology
becomes available. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security measures. If you use a password on our Services, you are responsible for keeping it confidential. Do not share it
with any other person. If you believe your password has been misused or your account compromised, please advise us immediately.
How We Use Your Personal Information (The Purposes For Which We Collect Your Personal Information)
We use personal information collected through the Services:
to communicate with you or third parties;
to protect your account
to identify you while access your account
to provide the Servicies in the app
processing error reports
to process your requests and transactions;
to improve the Services;
to customize the services and/or products we provide to you;
to assist with our product and service development;
to perform marketing activities;
to provide relevant advertising; and
for other purposes related to our business.
On What Legal Basis We Collect Your Personal Information
We process the personal information we collect about you on the basis of your consent. (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) of the European Parliament and of the Council article 6 (1) a))
How Long We Process Your Personal Information
We will process your personal information until your consent is withdrawn.
We will process your personal information provided in the error reports for a maximum of 90 days.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
With Whom We Share Your Personal Information
Personal information (and non-personal information) collected through the Services may be shared with companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf (for example, companies that provide data management or other support services to us such as data storage and Web hosting services). We may share your personal information (and non-personal information) with third parties to serve you relevant advertising and market our
products, but we won’t sell your personal information.
Also, we may disclose the personal information we collect through the Services when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to:
comply with applicable law (e.g., in response to a valid court order or subpoena);
prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft;
enforce or to apply our Terms of Service and other agreements;
to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users or others; or
to protect your vital interests.
We do not disclose your images, which you have uploaded for editing and manipulation to any of the Services unless you provide explicit consent to show your images at our Site, Mobile and other Services, or at
third party services.
Your personal information and other data collected by us may be transferred to another company that has acquired our stock or assets, for example, as a result of a sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or
liquidation. If such a transfer occurs, the acquiring company’s use of your personal information will still be subject to this Privacy Policy.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Application. These companies may use information about your visits to the Application and other websites that are contained in web cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. One of those partners is AppVestor, whom respects the users fundamental legal rights to data protection and privacy. Click on the following link to access AppVestor’s Privacy Policy
Appvestor Privacy Policy Link: https://legal.appvestor.com/privacy-policy/
Modifying Your Information – Opt-Out / Opt-In
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose your personal information. You may update or modify your information or change your privacy preferences at any time via our
Services. You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us, including, but not limited to, promotional emails, by clicking a special unsubscribe link in the e-mail or other Content from us. Transactional service
communications (such as messages about your registration) are not subject to the foregoing opt-out procedures. Requests to disable your account or reset your password should be sent to hello(@)vimageapp.com for faster processing.
Individuals have rights concerning their personal data. If you wish to exercise your privacy rights under any applicable law, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), or the CCPA, such as the right to request access, rectification, or erasure of your personal data held with vimage app Ltd., your right to restrict or object to such personal data’s processing, or to port such personal data – please contact us by e-mail at: hello@vimageapp.com.
Requesting Data Deletion
To request the deletion of your personal data, please send an email to hello@vimageapp.com with the subject line “Data Deletion Request.” In your email, provide the following information:
Your full name
The email address associated with your account
A clear statement that you are requesting the deletion of your personal data
Upon receiving your request, we will take the necessary steps to verify your identity and confirm that you are the owner of the account in question. This process is essential to safeguard your privacy and prevent unauthorized access to your personal information.
Data Deletion Process
Once your identity has been verified, we will initiate the data deletion process. This process may take up to 30 days to complete, depending on the complexity and volume of data associated with your account.
Please note that during the data deletion process, we will remove all personally identifiable information from our systems. However, we may retain some anonymized, aggregated data for statistical purposes, which will not be linked to you or your account.
In some cases, we may be required to retain certain information due to legal, regulatory, or technical constraints. If this applies to your data, we will inform you of the specific reasons for retaining the information, as well as the duration for which it will be retained.
Confirmation of Data Deletion
Once the data deletion process is complete, we will send a confirmation email to the address associated with your VimageApp account. This email will provide details on the data that has been deleted and any data that may have been retained due to legal or technical constraints.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our data deletion process, please do not hesitate to contact us at hello@vimageapp.com. We are committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring that your personal data is handled responsibly and in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.
Links, Hosted Sites & Advertisers
We do not have any control over the privacy practices of any external websites linked from the Site or Mobile (or any of the websites that are hosted on our server and aren’t affiliated with us). Therefore you
should review their privacy policies separately from ours and know that we in no way have any control over their practices.
Third party advertisers may collect certain information that is available to them through your interaction with their advertisements. Vimage has no control or knowledge as to their practices and it is suggested that you read their privacy policy separately before clicking on any advertisements.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that we think materially alter your rights, then we will post the latest policy to this site. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you visit the Services to understand how your personal information is used.
Questions
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via hello(@)vimageapp.com.