We use cookies to track usage and preferences.
I Understand
T
extaParent.ie started preparation for GDPR by preparing
a comprehensive overview of all systems and data as well as formulating a plan
to improve all processes related to this data. We hope to have our policy
updated in the coming weeks.
Privacy Statement
Te
xt
aParent.ie'
s
Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our members and the public. This Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our services. This statement will be updated to reflect advances in technology, business practices and our members' needs.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our website you may provide us with two types of information:
Personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis, and
Statistical web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse through our website(s).
When you choose to subscribe to TextaParent, visit this website or fill our contact forms you consent to the use of that information as set out in this statement. We will always communicate any changes made to our statement to ensure that you are always informed on how your information is used any why
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Email address
Many of our interactive features require that you use your email address and mobile number which is then stored in a file so that you are included in a list of recipients. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
Web Site Use Information
Similar to other websites, TextaParent utilises a standard technology called "cookies" (cf below) and web server logs to collect information about how our website is used. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our website, and the websites visited just before and just after TextaParent. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, we use personal email , updates, notifications, and so forth. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify account profiles about important changes to our website and new services we think you will find interesting or valuable. The channels of communication are developed and managed under our well established standards designed to safeguard the security and privacy of our members' personal information.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognise the computer used to access a website. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's web browser on the user's hard drive.
Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that web site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the web page and to complete commercial transactions over the Internet. Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
We use Web site browser software tools such as cookies and Web server logs to gather information about our Web site users' browsing activities, in order to constantly improve our Web site and better serve our members. This information assists us to design and arrange our Web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our Web site to better meet the needs of our members.
Sharing Information with partners and third parties
We do not sell, share or otherwise disclose personal or web site information with partners or third parties. Should this policy be modified in any way in future, we will immediately notify and seek your permission.
Children’s Privacy Protection
We understand the importance of protecting children’s privacy in the interactive online world. This Website is not designed for or intentionally targeted at children 13 years of age or younger. It is not our policy to intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.
Security
We take our security responsibilities seriously, employing the most appropriate physical and technical measures. We review our security policy regularly.
Evaluation of Information Protection Practices
Periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with our own internal policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of our information. In addition we seek legal opinion as to our compliance with the highest standard of practice as well as legislation such as the data protection act.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?
You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by emailing
info@ippn.ie
. In the vast majority of cases, this information will state that a particular email address is on a list of email recipients on the mailing list.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Websites Linked to Our Website
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of TextaParent.ie. Please read our
Terms and Conditions
.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link on our website, is subject to that website's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your consent by using our website you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our website to keep you abreast of any developments.
Textaparent App
Information
you, as a parent, downloading the Textaparent App provide to us directly:
Mobile phone number
When you download the Textaparent App we will ask
you to provide personal data to us.
For example, we ask for your contact mobile
number when you download the TextaParent App or request support by email,
phone, app, website or Live Chat.
Your mobile phone number is used as a
verification purpose – only mobile phone numbers that are stored on a schools account
will have access to the Textaparent App.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in information:
Please email info or telephone our
Support Office
should you wish to notify us of any incorrect or out of date content or other information on the site.
Go raibh míle maith agat!