About
Games
Contact
Publish your game with us
Privacy Policy for Pocket Build+
Effective date:
January 1, 2022
Hello! This privacy policy applies to our game "Pocket Build+" (the
"Service"
, or
"Game"
) on Apple Arcade.
MOONBEAR LTD
(
"us", "we", or "our"
) operates Pocket Build+ the Game.
We collect, store, and process information in order to provide you with the best possible experience. Your privacy is fundamental to us and we value the privacy rights of every player that interacts with us or our game, Pocket Build+ on Apple Arcade. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and
disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have
associated with that data.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please don't hesitate to send us an email on
contact@moonbear.com
1. Data we collect
We collect the following data:
Save data
- which contains non-personal game play data, such as your worlds, and world settings. This data is saved locally on your device and if authenticated with Game Center, also stored on our servers.
A unique identifier ("Game Player Id")
-  tied only to the game and is associated with your save data. This data is saved on our servers (Only collected if you choose to authenticate with Game Center.)
If you provide your email to us when contacting us, we may collect and use any information contained in the email, including your contact information.
2. How do we use your data?
Save data is stored on your device locally and if authenticated with Game Center, it is also stored on our servers along with your Game Player ID. Storing the Save data and Game Player Id allows you to sync your save data across multiple devices and also gives you the option to share your worlds with other players. All save data is associated with your Game Player Id.
3. Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and
maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or
other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than
those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United Kingdom and choose to provide information to
us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United
Kingdom and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such
information represents your agreement to that transfer.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data
is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer
of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless
there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and
other personal information.
4. Disclosure of Data
Business Transaction
If MOONBEAR LTD is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your
Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal
Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, MoonBear LTD may be required to disclose your
Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by
public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
MoonBear LTD may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that
such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of MoonBear LTD
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the
    Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
5. Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of
transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100%
secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your
Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
6. Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain
data protection rights. MoonBear LTD aims to take reasonable steps to allow
you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you
want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.
    Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your
    Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are
    unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information
    rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of
    your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict
    the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a
    copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable
    and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your
    consent at any time where MoonBear LTD relied on your consent to process
    your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to
such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our
collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact
your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
7. Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service
("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform
Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these
tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other
purpose.
8. Children's Privacy
The basis for collecting this data is "legitimate use" under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) and to support "internal operations of the game" under COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act). If you are a parent, you can decline to have this data collected from your child by turning off data collection in our game and signing out of Game Center. As a result, your child won't be able to access any social sharing features or sync save data across multiple devices.
9. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this
page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us on contact@moonbear.com