Privacy Policy
We, a serious mobile game and app developer, are committed to respecting the
privacy rights and concerns of all users of our mobile application (the “
App
”) and the services
made available by us in connection therewith (collectively with the App, the “
Service
”). As such, we
have established and implemented this Privacy Policy to inform users of the
Service how we use and protect the information we collect through the Service.
By using the Service, you consent to our collection, use, storage, deletion and
disclosure of information relating to you as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set forth above and is only
applicable to the Service and not to any other website or application that you
may be able to access from the Service which may have its own data collection
and use practices and policies.
This policy answers the following
questions:
·
What information do we collect about you and how do
we use it?
·
Will we share your personal information with third
parties?
·
What choices do you have about the collection and
use of your personal information?
·
What security measures do we take to safeguard your
personal information?
What Information Do We Collect About
You and How Do We Use It?
Types of Information We Collect
Personal information means
information that can be used to identify and contact you. You do need to
provide certain personal information to access and utilize the Service
generally. Specifically, your location information is necessary for the
provision of the Service to you, and therefore we may collect the precise
location of your device when the app is running in the foreground or
background. You may also be invited to submit personal information, such as
your mobile telephone number or other contact information.
Additionally, we may collect
non-personal information such as your mobile device operating system and when
and from where you access the Service. This information may be aggregated to
measure the number of visits, average time spent, page views, and other
statistics about users of the Service. We also may use this data to monitor the
Service’s performance and to make the Service easier and more convenient to
use.
We may collect personal information
when you complete the initial setup of the App and during your use of the
Service (including without limitation the messaging features of the App).
By submitting personal information
through the Service, you authorize us to share this personal information for
the purposes identified herein, such as responding to user inquiries,
distributing materials, and requesting feedback.
Third-Party Privacy Policies
Through the Service, you may be able
to link to technology, software and services owned and controlled by third
parties (“
Third-Party
Features
”).
You may be permitted or required to submit personal information to access
Third-Party Features. Such use of Third-Party Features and submission of
information through Third-Party Features will be subject to such applicable
third party’s terms of use, terms of service and privacy policy. You agree to
look solely to the applicable third party and not to us to enforce your rights
in relation thereto. When you have clicked on a third-party logo or URL
displayed via the App, or accessible through the Service, which links you to
any Third-Party Features, our Privacy Policy no longer applies and you must
read the terms of use, terms of service and privacy policy of the third party
to see how your personal information will be handled on their website.
How We Use Your Personal Information
The personal information you provide
to us will allow us to provide the Service to you and to communicate with you,
including to address your customer service questions or issues. We keep track
of your interactions with us, including but not limited to your activity within
the Service. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, or unless we have your
consent, we will not share your personal information with any person or entity
other than those affiliated with us, entities acting on our behalf, and relevant
third parties such as those needed to collect and maintain our servers and
perform technology and related services.
Your location information is
necessary for us to provide the Service to you, and therefore we collect your
location information through data such as GPS, IP address and WiFi to confirm
the pick-up, drop-off and approximate or specific location of packages in
transit through the Service.
We may use your personal information
with non-personal information that we have collected in a manner such that the
end-product does not personally identify you or any other user of the Service.
We may make your personal information non-personally identifiable by either
combining it with information about other users (aggregating your personal
information with information about other users), or by removing characteristics
that make the information personally identifiable. This process is known as
de-personalizing your information. You grant us a royalty-free, worldwide,
perpetual, irrevocable and fully transferable right and license to use your
personal information in connection with the creation and development of
analytical and statistical analysis tools relating to the use of the data we
collect in providing the Service (the “
Analytical Data
”).
Log Information
Our servers automatically record
information that your mobile device sends whenever you utilize the Service.
This information includes, among other things, your Internet Protocol address
and mobile device operating system, which aspects of the Service you use and
from where, and when and how long you use them. We use this information to
monitor and analyze how users use the Service, to provide customer service and
to maintain and improve the Service.
Will We Share Your Personal Information
with Third Parties?
Sharing Your Information
We use your personal information to
provide the Service to you and handle your customer service questions or
issues. The personal information uploaded by you through the Service will be
shared only with authorized persons to whom you specifically grant access. We
may also use your depersonalized personal information to provide analyses of
our users in the aggregate (including Analytical Data subject to the terms of
this Privacy Policy) to prospective partners and other third parties. We will
also share the personal information we collect from you under the following
circumstances, and you expressly authorize us to share your information as
follows:
·
Protection of rights
. We will share personal information if we have a
good faith belief that (i) access, use, preservation or disclosure of such
information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, such as a court order or subpoena, or a request by law
enforcement or governmental authorities, (ii) such action is appropriate to
enforce any applicable terms of use for the Service, including any
investigation of potential violations thereof, (iii) such action is necessary
to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues
associated with the Service, or (iv) such action is appropriate to protect the
rights, property or safety of us, its employees, users of the Service or
others.
·
Service Providers
.
We may share your personal information with service providers (including our
affiliates that provide services on our behalf) that we engage for the purpose
of processing information on our and your behalf. Additionally, we may partner
with other companies to process, analyze, and/or store data, including, but not
limited to, Analytical Data. While providing services for us, these companies
may access your personal information. To the extent applicable, we require
these entities to comply with this Privacy Policy and appropriate
confidentiality and security measures.
·
Asset transfers
.
If we become involved in a merger, acquisition or other transaction involving
the sale of some or all of our
assets, user information,
including personal information collected from you through your use of the
Service, could be included in the transferred assets. Should such
an event occur, we will use reasonable means to
notify you through email and/or a prominent notice displayed via the App.
Additional Information You Should Know
About Third Parties
The Service may contain direct links
to websites operated by our partners and other entities. These third-party
websites may collect information about you when you visit them or otherwise
communicate with them. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information
practices of third-party websites accessible through the Service. Although we
encourage such third parties to adopt and follow their own privacy policies, we
are not responsible for their collection and use of your personal information.
You should refer to the privacy policies and statements of other websites or
contact the respective webmasters of those websites to obtain information
regarding their information collection, use and disclosure policies.
What Choices Do You Have About the
Collection and Use of Your Personal Information?
Control of Your Information
You may update or request deletion
your personal information stored by us by writing to us to contact@mobilez.com.
Mediation
You agree that, in the event any
dispute or claim arises out of or relating to this Privacy Policy, you and us
will attempt in good faith to negotiate a written resolution of the matter
directly between the parties. You agree that if the matter remains unresolved
for forty-five (45) days after notification (via certified mail or personal
delivery) that a dispute exists, all parties shall join in mediation services
in Los Angeles, California, with a mutually agreed mediator in an attempt to
resolve the dispute. Should you file any arbitration claims, or any
administrative or legal actions without first having attempted to resolve the
matter by mediation, then you agree that you will not be entitled to recover
attorneys’ fees, even if you would otherwise be entitled to them.
What Security Measures Do We Take to
Safeguard Your Personal Information?
The personal information that you
provide to us is stored on servers which are located in secured facilities with
restricted access, and protected by protocols and procedures designed to ensure
the security of such information, including end-to-end encryption. We restrict
access to personal information to our employees, independent contractors and
agents who need to know this information in order to develop, operate and
maintain the Service. Access to such personal information is minimized whenever
possible. Logs are kept of access to application data. Logs include information
on individual page views and user level. Logs can be monitored for unauthorized
activities. However, no server, computer or communications network or system,
or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As
a result, while we strive to protect user information, we cannot ensure or
warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through the use
of the Service and you acknowledge and agree that you provide such information
and engage in such transmissions at your own risk. Once we receive a
transmission from you, we will endeavor to maintain its security on our
systems.
In the event that personal
information you provide to us is compromised as a result of a breach of
security, when appropriate we will take reasonable steps to investigate the
situation, notify you and take the necessary steps to comply with any
applicable laws and regulations.
Notification of Changes
This Privacy Policy may change from
time to time and we will post all changes via the App.
Questions? Contact Us
If you have any questions about our
privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at contact@mobilez.com.
2 条评论:
可以联系我一下吗，有业务想跟你合作   微信15159209204
回复
删除
回复
回复
Me encanta
回复
删除
回复
回复
添加评论
加载更多...
较新的博文
较早的博文
主页
订阅：
博文评论 (Atom)
我的简介
Unknown
查看我的完整个人资料
博客归档
▼
2018
(2)
▼
四月
(2)
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
►
2016
(1)
►
十二月
(1)
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it