Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. GENERAL
1.1 Gate.io is committed to
                                protect all users ' privacy. Before using or accessing websites operated by Gate.io
                                including
www.gate.io
, API located on
https://gate.io/api2
and any services
                                made
                                available through the websites, any associated mobile applications and APIs such as
https://gate.io/zendesk
(collectively, the
Services
) any related software,
                                forums,
                                blogs, social media pages and other relevant platforms operated or maintained by Gate.io
                                (collectively,
we
,
our
,
us
or the
Sites
), you should read
                                this Privacy Policy
                                carefully to familiarize with your rights and what we can do in in terms of your
                                personal information.
1.2 All natural persons or other
                                subjects who log onto the Sites shall be users of the Sites. For the convenience of
                                wording in this Privacy Policy, the users are referred to as 'you' or any other
                                applicable forms of the second-person pronouns.
1.3 For the convenience of
                                wording in this Privacy Policy, you and we are collectively referred to as both parties
                                , and individually as party , a party or one party .
2. PURPOSES OF THE PRIVACY POLICY
The Privacy Policy stipulates the
                                types of information of yours (
Personal Data
) that we may collect through your
                                log
                                into the Sites, your registration with the Sites, and/or use the Services we offer, as
                                well as how we shall use and protect the information so collected.
3. YOUR CONSENT
To ensure that you have full
                                confidence in our handling of Personal Data, you are advised to read and understand the
                                terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy in detail. In particular, upon your log into
                                our Sites, regardless of whether you have registered with the Sites, you signify your
                                acceptance, understanding and confirmation to the following:
3.1 You, on the basis of
                                        your own free will and your requisite consent, agree to disclose your Personal
                                        Data to us;
3.2 You will comply with
                                        all the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy;
3.3 You agree that we may
                                        collect your information through your log into any of the Sites, your
                                        registration with the Sites, and/or your use of the Services offered by us;
3.4 You agree to any
                                        changes and modifications that we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future;
3.5 You agree that our
                                        branches, affiliates and employees may contact you in connection with the
                                        products and Services that in our reasonable opinion that you may be interested
                                        in (unless you have indicated in written to us that you do not want to receive
                                        such information).
4. INFORMATION COLLECTED
4.1 When you use the Sites, you
                                agree to permit us to use cookies to track each of your actions and collect and keep all
                                the information that you leave on the Sites, including but not limited to your IP
                                address, location, and other information. For more detail regarding our use of Cookies,
                                please read our Cookies Policy.
4.2 If you are willing to use the
                                Services offered by the Sites, you will be required to fill in and provide the following
                                two categories of information:
4.2.1
Identity
                                            Information
. Such information can help us verify whether you are
                                        eligible to be
                                        registered as a user of our Sites. It includes but is not limited to your name,
                                        residence address, mailing address, other certificates and corresponding numbers
                                        thereof that are issued by your country or government to certify your identity
                                        information, as well as all other information that can help us to verify your
                                        identity (
Identity information
).
4.2.2
Service
                                            information
. Such information helps us contact you and provide you with
                                        the
                                        Services, including but not limited to your phone number, fax number, valid
                                        email address, mailing address, and information concerning your debit card
                                        and/or other financial institution accounts ,such as Apple Pay (
Service
                                            information
).
4.3 To facilitate your use of
                                Apple Pay, we may collectinformation about you when you use Apple Pay, includingbut not
                                limited to your Identity information, Serviceinformation and transaction information.
4.4 When you use any of the Sites
                                or the Services, wemay collect more information necessary from ourexclusive mailboxes or
                                in other manners that we consideras in compliance with relevant requirements, for
                                thepurpose of improving the functions of the Sites, enhancingyour experience of using
                                our Sites and Services as well asthe security thereof, or as is required by any court
                                order,any applicable laws, administrative regulations or anyorder of any competent
                                government agency or authorities.
4.5 If you visit any links to
                                third-party websites, pages,contents or platforms which may be accessible throughlinks
                                from the Sites or any link of any of our third-partypartners, you must and will be
                                required to agree to andcomply with the separate and independent privacy policyof such
                                third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply toany third party websites and we will
                                not bear any liabilityfor the contents and activities of such sites operated bythird
                                parties.
5. HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA
We collect your personal data in
                                the following manner:
5.1 Information you
                                        provide to us directly when contacting us;
5.2 Information we
                                        receive from third parties, such as third party service providers;
5.3 Information acquired
                                        by us during the course of our relationship and dealings with you;
5.4 Information collected
                                        through the your use of our Sites and Services; and
5.5 Information gathered
                                        from publicly available sources.
6. RESIDENTS WITHIN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA ( EEA )
6.1 For the Personal Data
                                protected by General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ), you have a series of legal
                                rights related to the Personal Data you keep in our Sites, including:
6.1.1 Obtain information
                                        about your processing Personal Data and access the Personal Data you have left
                                        in our Sites. Please note that in some cases, we have right to refuse such
                                        requests for access to copies of Personal Data (especially for information
                                        subject to legal professional privileges).
6.1.2 If your Personal
                                        Data is inaccurate or incomplete, you may ask us to make corrections. In order
                                        for us to do so we may request that you provide a copy of valid identity
                                        documents to prove the authenticity of your Identity Information.
6.1.3 In some cases you
                                        may request us to delete your Personal Data. Please note that under certain
                                        circumstances (such as for the purposes of public interest, public health or
                                        scientific and historical research), we have the right to retain your Personal
                                        Data even if you ask us to delete it.
6.1.4 In some cases, you
                                        can lodge an objection to the processing of your Personal Data and ask us to
                                        limit the processing of your Personal Data. Similarly, in some cases, we have
                                        the right to refuse your request even if you raise objections or ask us to
                                        restrict the processing of your Personal Data.
6.1.5 In some cases, you
                                        may withdraw your consent in respect of collection and processing of your
                                        Personal Data. If there are other legitimate reasons, we also have the right to
                                        continue using or processing without your permission.
6.1.6 If you reside in
                                        the EEA and have a concern about our processing of your Personal Data that we
                                        are not able to resolve through our internal resolution process, you have the
                                        right to lodge a complaint with the data privacy authority where you reside. For
                                        contact details of your local Data Protection Authority, please see:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
.
6.2 We will assess all requests
                                and complaints we have received and provide you with timely responses. We may ask you to
                                provide a valid copy of the identity document so that we can fulfill our security
                                obligations and prevent unauthorized data disclosure. We have the right to charge you a
                                reasonable administrative fee if your request for access to data is clearly unfounded or
                                out of our obligation, or if you request us to provide additional copies of your
                                Personal Data.
6.3 To facilitate with the
                                Services provided to customers located in the EEA, we request explicit consent for the
                                transfer of Personal Data from the EEA to outside of the area. If you are an individual
                                located in the EEA and you decline to consent to such transfer, you will no longer be
                                able to use our Sites and Services. You will still have the ability to withdraw your
                                digital assets and fiat currency in your accounts opened with us however, all other
                                functionalities will be disabled.
7. COOKIES
7.1 When you visit our Sites, we
                                use Google stats via cookies to record our performance and check the effect of online
                                advertising. Cookies are a small amount of data that is sent to your browser and stored
                                on your computer hard drive. Only when you use your computer to access our Sites can the
                                cookies be sent to your computer hard drive.
7.2 Cookies are usually used to
                                record the habits and preferences of visitors in browsing the items on our Sites. The
                                information collected by cookies is non- registered and collective statistical data and
                                does not involve Personal Data.
7.3 Cookies, which enable the
                                Sites or Services provider system to recognize your browser and capture and recall
                                information, they cannot be used to obtain data on your hard drive, your email address,
                                or your Personal Data. Most browsers are designed to accept cookies. You can opt to set
                                your browser to reject cookies, or to notify you as soon as possible if you are loaded
                                on cookies. However, if you set your browser to disable cookies, it is possible that you
                                may not be able to launch or use some functions of our Sites. For more information
                                regarding how we use and how can you disable cookies please refer to our Cookies Policy.
8. PURPOSES OF INFORMATION
8.1 We will use your information
                                that we collect for the following purposes or in the following ways:
8.1.1 to provide you with
                                        our Services through our Sites;
8.1.2 to identify and
                                        confirm your identity when you use our Sites or Services;
8.1.3 to improve and
                                        upgrade the Services and the Sites(your information and feedback received by us
                                        can help us improve the Services and the functions and performances of the
                                        Sites, so that we can more effectively respond to your enquiries and other
                                        needs);
8.1.4 to keep statistics
                                        relating to the use of our Sites and to be used for data analysis carried out in
                                        cooperation with government agencies, public affairs institutions;
8.1.5 to personalize your
                                        experience (your information will help us to better respond to your personalized
                                        needs);
8.1.6 to facilitate
                                        transactions (your information, whether public or private, will not be sold,
                                        exchanged, transferred, or otherwise provided to any other company on any
                                        grounds without your consent, except for where doing so is expressly for the
                                        purpose of completing the transaction you require);
8.1.7 to send e-mail
                                        regularly (the email address that you provide for the purpose of processing
                                        orders may be used to receive information on and updates to your orders, in
                                        addition to newsletters, updates, related products or Services information,
                                        etc., that we may send to you from time to time);
8.1.8 to contact you on
                                        matters related to your account, including, to request any additional
                                        information or documentation;
8.1.9 to set up security
                                        measures to secure your account, including without limitation, to carry out
                                        two-factor authentication;
8.1.10 to assess your
                                        credit risk;
8.1.11 to assess your
                                        risk score according to parameters determined by us;
8.1.12 to detect and
                                        reduce risks of fraud;
8.1.13 to enforce/defend
                                        our rights;
8.1.14 to comply with
                                        applicable laws, regulations and/or orders required by competent authorities;
                                        and
8.1.15 to meet other
                                        purposes as specified in the User Agreement of the Sites and all legal means
                                        adopted for satisfying such purposes.
8.2 We do not sell, trade, or
                                otherwise transfer your Personal Data or allow others to collect, use your Personal
                                Data; however, we may disclose and transfer your Personal Data in the following
                                circumstances:
8.2.1 To our affiliates,
                                        trusted third parties who help us operate our Sites, manage our business, or
                                        provide Services to you, provided that such parties agree and have adopted
                                        appropriate measures to keep such information confidential; and
8.2.2 When we believe
                                        that relevant information disclosure is appropriate, or it is required by any of
                                        the applicable laws, regulations, rules or by any order of courts or other
                                        competent authorities, and is necessary for executing the strategy of our Sites
                                        and ensuring the proper functioning of the Sites, or as may be necessary for the
                                        related parties to provide Services, or for the protection of the rights,
                                        property or safety of us or other persons.
However, your information will
                                not be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other similar purposes.
                                We have implemented international standards to prevent money laundering, terrorist
                                financing and circumventing trade and economic sanctions, which requires us to undertake
                                due diligence on our customers. This may include the use of third-party data and
                                services providers which we will cross-reference with your Personal Data.
8.3 You agree that we have the
                                right to share your Personal Data with:
8.3.1 Member of our
                                        company group, which includes our subsidiaries, holding companies and companies
                                        under common control and their respective contractors, affiliates, employees or
                                        representatives;
8.3.2 Our service
                                        providers and other third parties who assist us in providing Services to you;
8.3.3 Entities in
                                        connection with any financing, acquisition or dissolution proceedings which
                                        involve disclosing certain portion or all of our business or assets; and
8.3.4 Law enforcement
                                        agencies and authorities, officers, regulators or other third parties to comply
                                        with any law, court order, subpoenas or government requests.
9. PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
9.1 We adopt appropriate
                                physical, electronic, management and technical measures so as to protect and safeguard
                                the security of your Personal Data. We will, to the greatest extent possible, ensure
                                that any Personal Data collected through our Sites shall not be subject to nuisance by
                                any third party unrelated to us. The security measures that we may take include but not
                                limited to:
9.1.1 Physical measures:
                                        records of your Personal Data will be stored in a properly locked place.
9.1.2 Electronic
                                        measures: The computer data that contain your Personal Data will be stored in
                                        computer systems and storage medias that are subject to strict login
                                        restrictions.
9.1.3 Management
                                        measures: only staff members duly authorized by us can access your Personal
                                        Data, and these staff members shall comply with our internal code concerning
                                        Personal Data confidentiality.
9.1.4 Technical measures:
                                        such encryption techniques as Secure Socket Layer Encryption may be used to
                                        convey your Personal Data.
9.1.5 Other measures: our
                                        network servers are protected by proper 'firewall '.
9.2 If you are aware of any
                                security flaws in our Sites, please contact us immediately so that we can take
                                appropriate actions as soon as possible.
9.3 Despite of the
                                above-mentioned technical and security measures, we cannot guarantee that the
                                information transmitted via the Sites is absolutely safe, so we cannot guarantee that
                                the Personal Data that you provide to us through our Website will be safe at all time.
                                We will not be held liable for any losses or damages arising from or caused by any event
                                that may occur in connection with unauthorized access to your Personal Data, and we
                                shall not be held liable for compensation for such losses or damages.
10. DATA RETENTION
10.1 We strive to maintain the
                                relevance, reliability, accuracy, completeness and currency of the personal information
                                we hold and to protect its privacy and security.
10.2 We keep Personal Data only
                                for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purpose for which it was collected or to
                                comply with any applicable legal or ethical reporting or document retention
                                requirements. We will not retain your Personal Data in a form which permits the
                                identification of the data subject for longer than needed for the legitimate purpose or
                                purposes for which we originally collected it, including for the purpose of satisfying
                                any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
10.3 To determine the appropriate
                                retention period for Personal Data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of
                                the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of
                                your Personal Data, the purposes for which we process your Personal Data and whether we
                                can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
                                In some circumstances we will anonymize your personal information so that it can no
                                longer be associated with you, in which case we will use such information without
                                further notice to you.
10.4 At the end of the retention
                                period, we will securely delete or destroy data retained, and require our sub-processors
                                or third-party suppliers to do likewise.
11. MINORS
11.1 Our Sites, Services and our
                                products are not meant for persons who may be defined as minors under applicable laws.
                                As such, if you are below 18, please terminate all access to our Sites and Services
                                immediately. We reserve the right (but not the obligation) to demand at any time
                                evidence for our review to verify that you are above 18 years of age. In the event that
                                you are under 18 years of age, or we reasonably suspect that you are under 18 years of
                                age and you are unable to prove otherwise, all your use of our APIs, account
                                registrations, access to the Sites, enrolments, subscriptions and purchases with us (if
                                any) shall be immediately terminated and no refunds of any kind shall be provided to
                                you.
11.2 To clarify, we do not
                                knowingly collect Personal Data from minors, however, through the internet, we are not
                                able to ascertain on our end whether such individuals are minors. It is thus the
                                responsibility of parents or guardians to ensure that their minors do not access our
                                Website, use our Sites and/or Services, download our App, enrol for any of our events,
                                download or access our related applications, email us, or provide us with Personal Data
                                without their parental/guardian's consent. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that
                                his or her minor has accessed our Sites or provided us with Personal Data without
                                his/her consent, he or she should contact us at
dpo@gate.io
promptly.
12. MODIFICATION TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
For expediency and for compliance
                                with any changes in the law, we reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time
                                to time in our sole discretion without prior notice to you. We may inform you of the
                                modifications made to the Privacy Policy by updating and publishing the effective date
                                of the release of new versions hereof. Sometimes, we may issue a notice to inform you of
                                the modification made in the Privacy Policy, which, however, is not an obligation for
                                us. You shall regularly review the Privacy Policy, and if you do not agree to such
                                updates, you shall immediately stop accessing the Sites. You agree that it is your sole
                                responsibility to keep yourself updated of any amendments by reviewing this Privacy
                                Policy at our Sites including the Website regularly.
13. COMMUNICATION WITH US
13.1 If you have any requests and
                                comments, you can send an email to
dpo@gate.io
which is the only valid and official
                                email through which we communicate with you. We will therefore not bear any liability
                                for your failure to using effective contact information, any act or omission.
13.2 We only publish
                                announcements and information on the basis of the valid and effective contact
                                information on the Sites or post announcements on this Sites.Therefore, we shall not be
                                held liable for any losses arising from your trust in the information that has not been
                                obtained through the above-mentioned means.
13.3 If you have any questions
                                regarding our Privacy Policy, you are welcome to contact us at any time.
14. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
14.1 The terms and conditions of
                                this Privacy Policy are governed by the laws of Republic of Panama. In the event of any
                                disputes arising from this Privacy Policy and your use of our Sites and Services (
Dispute
), you must first contact us at
dpo@gate.io
regarding your concern and use your
                                best endeavours to amicably settle any dispute in good faith. We on our part will also
                                use our best endeavours to amicably settle your concerns in good faith. However, if no
                                amicable resolution is reached within thirty (30) days, such Dispute shall be referred
                                to and finally resolved by arbitration in Panama to the exclusion of the ordinary
                                courts, in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the International Chamber of
                                Commerce for the time being in force which rules are deemed to be incorporated by
                                reference in this Clause. The seat of arbitration shall be Panama. The arbitration
                                tribunal shall consist of one arbitrator. The language of the arbitration shall be in
                                English.
14.2 The Parties further agree
                                that following the commencement of arbitration, they will attempt in good faith to
                                resolve the Dispute through mediation. Any settlement reached in the course of the
                                mediation shall be referred to the then-seating arbitral tribunal and maybe made a
                                consent award on agreed terms.
If you have any questions
                                regarding this Privacy Policy or your Personal Data, please contact us at
dpo@gate.io
.
Click top-right
Click "Open in browser"
Download in your browser
Select language and region
简体中文
English
Tiếng Việt
繁體中文
This page is not intended for residents and citizens of Spain, Cuba, Bolivia, Venezuela and other Spanish-speaking jurisdictions listed in the Restricted Locations related terms of
Gate.io's User Agreement.
Español
Русский
This page is not intended for residents and citizens of France, Canada and other French-speaking jurisdictions listed in the Restricted Locations related terms of
Gate.io's User Agreement.
Français (Afrique)
Português (Portugal)
ไทย
Indonesia
日本語
بالعربية
Українська
Português (Brasil)
Fiat Currencies
Do Not Switch to Fiat
Do not display fiat price
Real-Time Exchange Rate
USD - $
CNY - ¥
VND - ₫
EUR - €
GBP - £
HKD - $
JPY - ¥
RUB - ₽
TRY - ₺
INR - ₹
NGN - ₦
UAH - ₴
BRL - R$
MYR - RM
PGK - K
THB - ฿
PKR - ₨
BDT - ৳
PHP - ₱
CAD - $
IDR - Rp
ZAR - R
PLN - zł
SAR -  ﷼‎
ARS - $
AED - د.إ
KZT - ₸
EGP - E£
UZS - so`m
TWD - ＄
GHS - GH₵
VES - Bs
MXN - ＄
COP - ＄
XAF - Fr
XOF - FCFA
BYN - Br
KES - Ksh
MAD - د.م
AUD - $
TZS - TSh
SEK - kr
AZN - ₼
CLP - $
HUF - Ft
RON - lei
AMD - ֏
DZD - د.ج
NPR - रू
JOD - د.ا.
MRU - UM
IQD - ع.د
Gate.TR is online now.
You can click and go to Gate.TR or stay at Gate.io.
$40,000
App Exclusive Perks
Split $40,000 Prizes
a/e/r