Terms of Use - CrewLounge AERO™
This page covers your rights, obligations and restrictions in relation to using the
CrewLounge AERO
™ products and services. The
Terms of Use
comprise the following:
General License Terms
Return Policy
Privacy Policy - Part I (as Controller)
Privacy Policy - Part II (as Processor)
Cookie Policy - Tool
CrewLounge AERO
™,
CrewLounge CONNECT
™,
CrewLounge DOCS
™,
CrewLounge FRIENDS
™ and
CrewLounge PILOTLOG
™ are trademarks of AVIOVISION.
CREWLOUNGE
®
is a registered trademark of AVIOVISION.
Using any of the
CrewLounge AERO
™ products and services constitutes your acceptance of the
Terms of Use
as outlined below. We reserve the right to change any part of the
Terms of Use
without prior notice. A copy of the new
Terms of Use
will be sent to the email address associated with your
CrewLounge AERO
™ user account. You will also be notified and invited to accept through the mobile apps and/or web apps.
Revision Highlights
Here are the changes we made recently:
20 March 2023
We have updated the
entire Terms of Use
, in especially our
General License Terms
and our
Privacy Policy
More specifically, we now make a clear distinction between professional users of
CrewLounge AERO
and non-professional users of
CrewLounge FRIENDS
We have split the
Privacy Policy
into
Part I
and
Part II
, to make a clear distinction between our role as Controller and our role as Processor
Additionally, we have updated details and descriptions in relation to our product offerings
31 March 2023
Changed the contracting party from MCC to AVIOVISION, a Thales Group company, following AVIOVISION's acquisition of all CREWLOUNGE products, services, customers and trademark on March 31, 2023.
05 April 2023
Updated article 17.1 with the THALES group integrity and conformity policy
Added Citizenship to the list of Personal Data processed for Users
If you do not agree to the updated
Terms of Use
, you must stop using the
CrewLounge AERO
™ products and services, and submit a request to close your user account and delete your personal data.
GENERAL LICENSE TERMS
INTRODUCTORY PROVISIONS
1.    Scope of the Agreement
1.1
AVIOVISION NV is a Belgian company incorporated under Belgian law, with registered office at 3500 Hasselt, Herkenrodesingel 8/D.3.01, Belgium, and registered with the Belgian Crossroad Bank of Enterprises under number 0823.835.450 (hereinafter referred to as “
AVIOVISION
” or the “
Provider
”)
1.2
AVIOVISION has developed and owns the CrewLounge Software Suite, a collection of computer programs for the management and distribution of electronic flight related content, data and information for pilots, crew members, airline staff, aviation companies, aeroclubs, flight training centers and small airfields, containing the following modules that a User can subscribe to:
CrewLounge
CONNECT
is a mobile roster calendar tool for flight crew and cabin crew, containing amongst others a rest time calculator, carpool tracker, pilot logbook exports, flight tracking, notices to airmen (“NOTAM”), weather data, passenger headcounts, currency converter, options to connect crew members and colleagues, crew discounts, food and bars.
CONNECT
is available as a mobile app with some additional functionality as a Software as a Service web app;
CrewLounge
CONVERT
is a mobile application to perform 24 different types of flight calculations and aviation unit conversions;
CrewLounge
DOCS
is an online tool, available as a Software as a Service, to upload and organize a variety of documents, such as flight licenses,  passports, visas, ID cards, driver’s licenses, medical certificates and training reports;
CrewLounge
FRIENDS
is is an online tool, available as a Software as a Service, for friends and family on the ground to view a flight crew member’s roster and flights, including information (such as weather, city and country information) about layovers; and
CrewLounge
PILOTLOG
is an electronic logbook for pilots, which enables pilots to keep track of flights, duty time limits, make reports and keep track of pieces of information, such as medical licenses, flight licenses, instructor ratings and time sensitive documents uploaded by the User.
PILOTLOG
is available as a software application to be installed on Mac or Windows desktop, as mobile app and as a Software as a Service web app;
Hereafter, the
General License Terms
will refer to the modules of the CrewLounge Software Suite subscribed to by the User, as the “
Tool
”.
1.3
By registering for, accessing and using the free and/or subscription based versions of the Tool and/or the services provided by the Tool, or any part thereof (the “Services”), the user (“User”) irrevocably acknowledges to have read the General License Terms and to have agreed to these General License Terms (the “Agreement”). The General License Terms always take precedence over the terms and conditions of the User, if any, even if they stipulate that they are the only valid terms and conditions.
1.4
AVIOVISION and the User are hereafter both referred to as a “
Party
”, together as the “
Parties
” in relation to the Services.
2.    Relationship between the Parties
2.1
In the performance of this Agreement, the Parties hereto shall be deemed to be independent contract parties. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to make either Party an agent, employee, joint venturer, partner or legal representative of the other Party. Each Party shall not have, or represent itself to have, any authority to bind or commit the other Party to any oral or written, contract, understanding or obligation.
3.    Ability to contract
3.1
The User represents and warrants to AVIOVISION that it has the legal right and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
3.2
The Agreement cannot be entered into by a consumer. The User represents to be a natural person aged 18 or older, using the Services for professional purposes only, i.e. as a professional user of the Tool and Services in question. An account will always be registered on the name of an individual, natural person User that becomes a Party to the Agreement with AVIOVISION.
3.3
The User can request during the ordering process, if applicable, that the invoice be made out on the name of a legal entity such as his employer or a company on behalf of which the User carries out his professional activities. In some cases, the access to the Tool and Services will be granted to the User through a license key (“
Access Code
”) that is received from and paid by a third party, typically the employer of the User. The foregoing circumstances do not modify the Parties under this Agreement, being the User and AVIOVISION.
ACCESS TO, LICENSE AND USE OF THE TOOL AND SERVICES
4.    Access Rights and License
4.1
As of the Effective Date of the Agreement, the User shall either be granted access to the Tool and Services, when the Tool is considered to be ‘Software as a Service’ (SaaS) (“
Access Rights
”), either be granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable, non-sub-licensable and revocable license to use the Tool, when the Tool is considered to be ‘software’ (“
License
”).
The Access Rights and/or License are granted for the duration of the Agreement and solely for the permitted use defined in Article 5.1. They include a non-exclusive and non-transferable right to use the Tool and receive the Services.
The Access Rights and License also include a non-exclusive and limited license to use the databases incorporated in the Tool during the Term (the “Database License”).
The Access Rights, the License and the Database License of this Article 4.1 are either granted for free, either subject to payment of the subscription fee defined in Article 9, if applicable, and are conditional upon the User’s strict compliance with Article 5.
4.2
The User shall be solely responsible for every use of and activity on his account, as well as for its protection, confidentiality and security. The User must create a unique and strong password and change it frequently. The User shall use 2FA (Two Factor Authentication) to further protect access to its account.
5.    Permitted use cases and restrictions on use
5.1
Permitted use cases will depend on the modules subscribed to by the User, and are described on Provider’s website per module.
5.2
Unless such restriction is prohibited by applicable law, the User shall not:
obtain, access, use or copy or try to or allow others to obtain, access, use or copy the source code of the Tool;
reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, translate or change the Tool, create derivative works based on the Tool, probe, scan or test the vulnerability of any system or network associated to the Tool or try to discover the trade secrets behind the Tool;
market, sell, license or otherwise deliver the Tool to any third party or allow the Tool to be used by any third party;
use the Tool and/or Services for any other purpose than its own civil-end purposes; User will not use the Tool for any purposes prohibited by applicable law, nor in particular for any purpose connected with chemical or biological or nuclear weapons, or missiles or aircraft capable of delivering such weapons;
use the Tool and Services in a fraudulent manner (such as making a false account, organizing a denial-of-service attack, applying automated scripts or bots whose sole purpose is to cause a system overload, or hacking or modifying the Tool) and/or impose a disproportionately large load on the cloud;
use the Tool and Services in a disloyal manner (such as impersonating another user, hiding its own identity or otherwise misrepresenting any affiliation with a person or entity, violating or otherwise infringing the rights of others, including privacy and intellectual property rights, sending unsolicited communications, promotions, advertisements or spam to other users, sharing materials that are pornographic or contain extreme acts of violence, advocating bigotry or hatred against any user of the Tool or sharing materials that are fraudulent, defamatory and/or misleading); and
remove, disable, or circumvent any proprietary notices or labels contained on or within the Tool.
In general, the User must at all times pay attention to flight conditions and situations. This Tool may not be used where and when such use might interfere with the safe operation of the aircraft.
5.3
If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that relevant laws in force may imply that certain of the restrictions specified in this Article 5.2 cannot be accepted or can only partly be accepted, then the restrictions will apply to the fullest extent permitted by law.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
6.    Intellectual Property Rights
6.1
“
Intellectual Property Rights
” mean all intellectual, industrial and other property rights (irrespective of whether these are registered or not), including but not limited to copyrights, related rights, marks, trade names, logos, drawings, models or applications for registration as a drawing or model, patents, patent applications, domain names, know-how, as well as rights to databases, computer programs and semi-conductors.
6.2
The User recognizes that all Intellectual Property Rights in the Tool and Services, are vested with AVIOVISION or third parties that AVIOVISION has entered into an agreement with.
6.3
Nothing in these General License Terms will be understood as an assignment, a license or a non-assert of any Intellectual Property Rights from the Provider to the User other than the Access Rights, the License and the Database License explicitly granted to it in Article 4 and under the restrictions of Article 5.
6.4
If the User provides any suggestions, information or user data to help AVIOVISION improve or modify the Tool and/or Services (“
Feedback
”), the User agrees to assign to AVIOVISION without any additional consideration the entire worldwide right, title and interest in and to the Feedback provided. All Intellectual Property Rights in improvements and modifications shall belong to AVIOVISION.
THIRD PARTY MATERIALS
7.    Third Party Materials
7.1
This Tool is integrated with or may otherwise interact with third party services and websites. Certain Services may display, include or make available content, data, information, applications or materials from third parties or provide links to certain third party websites or services (e.g. weather forecasts, NOTAM’s, restaurants and bars, city and country information, aircraft current radar position, ADS-B data, etc) (“Third Party Materials”).
7.2
The User is responsible for examining or evaluating the content, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, legality, decency, quality and/or any other aspect of such Third Party Materials, such as compliance with (a) any rights of third parties, including Intellectual Property Rights, personal data protection rights or other rights related to data or (b) any other rights that may be exerted under any applicable legal instrument, national or regional law or regulation.
7.3
Moreover, the User must, out of its own initiative, evaluate, accept and comply with the license terms applicable on the Third Party Materials (if any).
7.4
The User acknowledges and agrees that the Provider does not bear any responsibility related to the Third Party Materials as set out in Article 7.1 thru 7.3.
USER CONTENT
8.    User Content
8.1
The use of the Tool and Services enables the User to store personal and private details or information, amongst others, in relation to the flights, medical certificates, flight licenses, ID cards, visas, passports and other content (“
User Content
”).
8.2
The Provider does not bear any responsibility in relation to the User Content not being correct, up to date or complete. The Users are solely responsible for the User Content, and for any actions taken on the basis of the User Content.
FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS
9.    Pricing and Payment
9.1
License and Access rights will be granted to the User when registering in the Tool or when entering the Access Code. Some Tool functionalities will only be accessible upon payment of a subscription fee. Applicable fees and services pricing (“Pricing”) per module are listed on the
crewlounge.aero
website, and are specified in the order form to which the User agrees during the order process.
For apps that offer In-App Purchase (“IAP”) pricing is also listed in the mobile app stores, and can be different from the Pricing indicated on the
crewlounge.aero
website.
9.2
All Pricing listed on the
crewlounge.aero
website are end-user pricing in Euro (EUR) and are the ‘total to pay’ for both private and business users. If and where applicable, the ‘total to pay’ includes local Value Added Tax (VAT) and all other taxes and duties, with the exception of the Provider’s corporate taxes, and any additional costs or fees that are charged to the User by the bank of the User.
Pricing for IAP indicated in the mobile app stores may or may not include VAT and other local taxes. For IAP, the User acknowledges and agrees to turn to the respective mobile app stores’ terms and conditions for any details on Pricing.
9.3
We reserve the right to change our Pricing without prior notice. The new subscription rate will then apply to the next subscription period after the current period. Paid subscriptions are never automatically renewed at the end of the subscription period.
9.4
When you order a license through the
crewlounge.aero
website, your checkout payment is handled by trusted third party Payment Service Providers, either Paypal
®
or Mollie
®
. AVIOVISION does not receive any credit or debit card information from you!
When you order through IAP, your payment is handled by the respective mobile app store, either Apple iTunes
®
or Google Play
®
. Here too, AVIOVISION does not receive any financial data from you!
TERM AND TERMINATION
10.    Term and termination
10.1
This Agreement will enter into force as of the moment that User creates a user account through the Tool’s registration from (the “
Effective Date
”) and will remain in effect for the Term or until its termination in accordance with Article 10.2 and 10.3 (“
Termination
”) or Article 10.4 (“
Expiration for non-use
”).
The Term of the Agreement is the duration during which the User is registered for the Tool and Services, either for free in which case there is no defined term, either under a paid subscription formula for a defined and agreed term of 1, 3 or 5 years. If the User continues to be registered for the Tool and/or the Services after the defined Term of a paid subscription formula, the User continues the use for free (with for some modules less functionalities), for an undefined term.
10.2
Either Party may terminate this Agreement immediately by e-mail notice upon the occurrence of a “Serious Default”. Each of the following occurrences will constitute a Serious Default under this Agreement:
The User infringes the Intellectual Property Rights of the Provider in the Tool or Services;
The User infringes on the Restrictions on use defined in Article 5;
Either Party fails to observe any material obligation under this Agreement, and such failure, when capable of being remedied, is not remedied within 90 (ninety) days of receipt of a default notice sent to the Party in breach, by the other Party.
10.3
In principle, Termination of the Agreement is regarded per module. However in the event of a Serious Default of the User in relation to one module, Provider may invoke this Serious Default of the User in relation to one module, for equally terminating the Agreement in relation to another module used by the same User. In this case, the e-mail notice referred to in Article 10.2 setting out the Serious Default, will equally indicate the use of what modules of the User will be put to an end as a consequence of the Serious Default.
10.4
In the event of non-use by the User, the Agreement will expire 18 (eighteen) months after the last day of active use of the Tool and/or Services (“Expiration for non-use”). Prior to this expiration date, after the first 12 (twelve) months of non-use, Provider will send an email notification to the email address associated with the User’s account informing the User. that the User’s account will be closed 6 (six) months after receipt of the notification if non-use is continued. At that date, the User’s account will be closed. The User’s account and all User’s data, except for personal data processed by the Provider for legal, tax or accounting purposes, will irrevocably be deleted. The User should make sure to have exported his data prior to the date of Expiration for non-use.
11.    Effects of Termination
11.1
Upon Termination of this Agreement in accordance with Article 10.2 and 10.3, the User will no longer have any Access or License Rights to the Tool. The Access Rights and License will be disabled for the relevant module(s).
11.2
Upon Termination of this Agreement, the User shall cease all use of the Tool and Services, and shall without undue delay destroy all copies of the Tool. The User will have the right to export all personal data during six months after Termination to other software tools.
11.3
The following sections of the Agreement shall survive the termination of the Agreement: Intellectual Property Rights (Article 6), Third Party Materials ( Article 7), User Content (Article 8), Effects of termination (Article 11), Liability (Articles 12, 13 and 14), Confidential Information (Article 16), Governing law and jurisdiction (Article 23).
LIABILITY
12.    Limitation of Liability – General
12.1
All obligations of the Provider under this Agreement are obligations of means. The Provider cannot be held liable for any fault on the part of the Provider or an employee or appointee, except in cases of fraud or gross negligence.
12.2
The Provider cannot be held liable for damage that is caused by third party systems that are integrated as plug-in library (DLL, LIB) or source development kit (SDK) within the Tool, such as the Chat Direct Messaging and ADS-B function. These functions are developed and operated by a third party and therefore any liability lies with the third party.
12.3
The Provider cannot be held liable for broken import or export functions between the Tool on the one hand and external data sources, websites, applications or other third party systems or services on the other hand, as a result of a modification, software upgrade, additional security layers, blocking or discontinuation of those systems or services by any other party.
12.4
Except in cases of wilful misconduct, the Provider is not liable for consequential damages such as the User showing-up late or early for work, the User not showing up for work, the User missing a flight, invalid flight information, increased operating expenses, suspension of operations of the User, damage to reputation or equipment, loss of flight license, loss of employment, inability to produce documents required for license renewal or for a job selection, missing a job interview or another appointment, or loss of data that the User or third parties might suffer (a) due to any error or negligence on the part of the Provider or (b) arising out of or related to the use or inability to use the Tool or Services, and this, even if the Provider has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
12.5
The liability of the Provider shall be limited in accordance with Articles 12 and 13. Moreover, in any event, the Provider’s entire liability under this Agreement, whether in contract or in tort, shall not exceed:
the total price effectively paid by the User for the current subscription, for the Services that give rise to the damages under the Agreement, if applicable, or
3.000 (three thousand) EUR (VAT included, if applicable),
whichever is the lower amount.
12.6
The provisions in this Agreement on liability and the limitation or exclusion thereof will apply and remain enforceable except to the extent that any mandatory law or regulation, if applicable, provides otherwise. If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that relevant laws in force may imply warranties and liabilities which cannot be excluded or limited or which can only partly be excluded or limited, then the limit on the Provider’s liability set forth in this Agreement will apply to the fullest extent permitted by law.
13.    Limitation of Liability – Tool and Services
13.1
The Tool and Services are to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, provided “as is” and “as available”, “with all faults” and without warranty of any kind, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or use (such as integration of third party software in our Tool), satisfactory quality, accuracy, quiet enjoyment and non-infringement of third party Intellectual Property Rights. The Provider disclaims any liability for a lack of security associated with the transmission of information over the Internet.
13.2
The Provider will make reasonable efforts in order to prevent that the Tool would contain faults, bugs, computer viruses and/or malware. The Provider cannot be held liable for faults, bugs, computer viruses and/or malware, which the Tool would contain despite its efforts.
13.3
The Provider can in no way be held liable for malfunctioning, or temporary or permanent unavailability of the Tool and/or the Services, or for any damages resulting thereof. The User is familiar with and accepts the inherent vulnerability of the Tool as a software product and/or an Internet based application. In the event of unavailability or defect, the User’s sole remedy is, at Provider’s discretion, either a new attempt to deliver the Service and/or in the event of permanent unavailability, termination of the Access or License Rights and refund of the Pricing in proportion to the duration of the frustrated use during a paid subscription, if applicable.
13.4
The User will assess the adequacy of the Tool for the User’s purposes. The User is responsible for the use the User makes of the Tool and Services, the User’s compliance with Article 5 (Restrictions on use), and Article 17 (Export), as well as for compliance with Article 7 (Third Party Materials) and Article 8 (User Content). The User will defend Provider, indemnify all damages and hold the Provider harmless against all claims of third parties, if such damages or claims are caused by non-compliance in the meaning of this Article 13.4.
14.    Aviation and assumption of risk
14.1
The User expressly acknowledges and agrees to perform regular updates to ensure that the Tool is using the most current data and content and that all software updates and patches rolled out by AVIOVISION are used.
14.2
The User expressly acknowledges and agrees to comply with all applicable national and international laws governing airspace, aircraft operations, and equipment usage. The information, whether presented within, or represented by the Tool does not take away the User’s sole and final responsibility to comply with the applicable regulations including but not limited to back up procedures as required, and the relevant airplane flight manual.
COMPLIANCE
15.    Privacy Policy and Consent with Use of Data
15.1
The Provider in its capacity of controller for the processing of personal data, will process personal data on the User and contact persons of the User for the purposes of management of the contractual relationship, legally required purposes linked to this purpose, and direct marketing. The User will make sure not to provide any Personal Data on itself or its contact persons to the Provider unless the User has duly informed said individuals on the processing of their personal data in accordance with our
Privacy Policy – Part I (as Controller)
.
15.2
The User acknowledges and agrees that Provider may also collect and use technical and related information, including but not limited to technical information about User’s device, computer, physical location, system and application software, and peripherals (“Technical Data”), that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of updates to the Tool, product support and other services (if any) related to the Tool.
15.3
The User explicitly authorizes Provider to use information on flying activity, such as flight history, planned flight schedule, current trip, personal notes, license and proficiency expiry dates, images and documents that User submits into the Tool (“Flight Data”) for testing and further development of the Tool.
15.4
When providing the Services under this Agreement, the Provider will also process Personal Data on behalf of the User. In that case, the Provider acts as processor on behalf of the User and shall solely act under the User’s instruction in relation to the User’s Personal Data. Our
Privacy Policy – Part II (as Processor)
will apply to such processing activities. In that case the User is acting as a data controller for the processing of the Personal Data, and must fully comply with applicable data protection legislation.
16.    Confidential Information
16.1
The User undertakes to treat confidentially the commercial and technical information and trade secrets it learns from the Provider and not to use it for its own purposes, even after the termination of the Agreement. This confidentiality and non-use obligation shall not apply in relation to information that has become part of the public domain otherwise than through a breach of this Agreement.
17.    Export and legal compliance
17.1
The User represents that:
the User is not located in a country that is subject to an EU embargo, or that has been designated by the EU as a “terrorist supporting” country, or that is not compliant with THALES Group integrity and conformity policy; and
it will only use the Tool for civil end-uses and it will not use the Tool for any purposes prohibited by applicable law, nor in particular for any purpose connected with chemical or biological or nuclear weapons, or missiles or aircraft capable of delivering such weapons.
17.2
Each Party shall, at its sole cost and expense, obtain and maintain in effect all permits, licenses and other consents necessary to conduct its respective activities hereunder. In particular, the User warrants that it shall obtain all export permits and consents required in relation to the transfer to or input in the Tool of data that do not fall within the public domain and/or do not stem from public databases.
18.    Portfolio
18.1
The Provider may publicly refer to the identity of the User as being a customer of the Provider for the Tool, without however using any logo of the User without the latter’s prior and written consent. The User will however not unreasonably withhold his/her consent.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
19.    Entire Agreement
19.1
This Agreement together with the Privacy Policy (Part I and Part II) and including the order form(s) agreed to, form the entire Agreement between the Parties concerning the scope defined in Article 1. This Agreement replaces and annuls any prior written or oral understanding, agreement, offer, correspondence or proposal regarding the scope of the Agreement. Any adjustment or amendment of this Agreement will only be binding upon Parties if agreed upon in writing and duly signed by both Parties.
20.    Waivers
20.1
None of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been waived by any act or acquiescence on the part of either Party, unless such waiver is done in writing and signed by an officer of the waiving party. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement on one occasion shall constitute a waiver of any other provision or of the same provision on another occasion.
21.    Void or Unenforceable Provisions
21.1
Should any provision of this Agreement be void or unenforceable, the other provisions will not be affected by this and remain in full force and effect. In this case Parties, within the limits of the applicable law, will draft a new provision that meets the objectives intended by the void or unenforceable provision, and include this as an appendix to this Agreement.
22.    Force Majeure
22.1
Neither Party shall be liable for non-performance or delay in performance of any obligation under this Agreement if such non-performance or delay is caused by an event of force majeure or other circumstance that was reasonably unforeseeable, and which prevents a Party from performing the Agreement. On the occurrence of such event, the affected Party shall immediately inform the other Party of the event, and the reasons why it is not able to perform any or all of its obligations under the Agreement. If within a period of forty five (45) days, the event continues and the Parties are unable to identify a workable alternative, either Party may terminate this Agreement.
23.    Governing law and jurisdiction
23.1
All disputes concerning the validity, interpretation, enforcement, performance and termination of the Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Belgian law. No effect shall be given to any other choice-of-law or conflict-of- laws rules or provisions that would cause the laws of any other jurisdiction to be applicable.
23.2
The competent courts in Antwerp (Belgium) will have exclusive jurisdiction to decide upon any matter in relation to the Agreement. Parties hereby waive any claim of forum non conveniens. By way of exception, in the event of a need for provisional measures, a Party may at its discretion turn to the court in the jurisdiction in which the provisional measures should be implemented.
Before instituting proceedings before the Court, Parties will, however, attempt to negotiate in good faith in order to reach an out-of-court settlement.
RETURN POLICY
PROVISIONS
1.    Subscription Rates
1.1
A paid subscription is required to access some or all functionalities of the Tool. Refer to Article 9 of the
General License Terms
for more information about pricing and payment.
2.    Request for Refund
2.1
We strongly advise you to download, install, test and use the Tool with the free license plan, before opting for a paid license! Please make sure you are 100% satisfied with our products and services before purchasing a subscription!
2.2
Paid subscriptions are never automatically renewed at the end of the subscription period. You can cancel your current subscription at any time, however there is no refund!
2.3
We have a no-refund policy. Refunds are only issued if required by law. For example, individual consumers living in the European Union have the right to cancel their recent order and request a refund during a period of 14 days after purchase. Read more about your consumer rights on the official website of the European Union (
here
).
2.4
If you have purchased a subscription through IAP, you must contact the respective mobile app store to obtain a refund. AVIOVISION is unable to issue a refund on behalf of these stores!
PRIVACY POLICY - PART I (AS CONTROLLER)
Part I of our Privacy Policy
describes the role of
AVIOVISION as Controller
, in line with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Read more about these regulations on the official website of the European Commission (
here
).
I.    INTRODUCTION
At CrewLounge AERO, a software suite owned and operated by AVIOVISION, we attach great importance to the protection of your personal data. "Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ("Data Subject"). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect your Personal Data and who you can turn to for more information or to invoke your legal rights.
If the User provides us with Personal Data of the Viewer, that will be using the CrewLounge FRIENDS app (the "Tool"), the User must inform the Viewer of our privacy policy before entrusting us with their Personal Data. From our side we will use all opportunity we have to inform and reassure you and these persons that Personal Data are safe with us.
We reserve our right to amend our privacy policy from time to time, if legislation or our internal practices so require. At all times you can find the current version of our privacy policy on our website (the "Website").
The terms with capital letters are either defined hereunder or have the meaning as set out in the
General License Terms
.
This
Privacy Policy - Part I
only treats processing operations under AVIOVISION's control, in especially for which AVIOVISION acts as controller. Please revert to our
Privacy Policy - Part II (as Processor)
below, in relation to processing operations we perform exclusively under the instruction and control of the User, in especially as processor. These processing operations are not treated here in Part I.
II.    THE CONTROLLER OF THE PROCESSING
The legal entity controlling the processing of your Personal Data is AVIOVISION NV. AVIOVISION NV is a Belgian company with limited liability, whose registered office is located at 3500 Hasselt, Herkenrodesingel 8/D.3.01, Belgium. AVIOVISION NV is registered with the Register for Legal Entities in Belgium under number BE0823.835.450.
AVIOVISION NV is the controller of the processing of your Personal Data because it has determined the purposes and means of the processing.
AVIOVISION NV is hereafter referred to as
"AVIOVISION"
,
"us"
or
"we"
.
III.    PURPOSES AND LEGAL BASES FOR THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
AVIOVISION processes Personal Data of its Users for the following
purposes
:
1.
Processing of Personal Data of
Users
for the purpose of invoicing and administration, management of the User or contractual relationship and
delivering the Tool and the Services
, as well as
legally required purposes
linked to this purpose;
If indicated by a User, Personal Data of of other Users, may also be processed for the purpose of delivering the Tool and the Services. Data of a colleague will only be processed if the colleague has a User account of his own.
If indicated by a User, Personal Data of friends, family of a User may also be processed for the purpose of delivering the Tool and the Services. Data of friends and family of a User will only be processed on the User's initiative to grant these persons a
View Only Access
through the use of the
Crewlounge FRIENDS
app, which access is subject to the
View Only Access Terms
. These friends and family are known as the "
Viewer
".
2.
Processing of Personal Data of
Users and potential users
for
direct marketing
;
3.
Processing of Personal Data of
Users
(and the case being,
friends and family
of the User having a
View Only Access
) of the Tool for the purpose of
debugging and optimization of the Tool and the Services
for all Users;
4.
Processing of Personal Data of
visitors to our Websites
that fill out the Contact Form for the purpose of
responding to their request or inquiry
as sent through the Contact Form.
Additionally, our Websites and Tool (or modules thereof) may use
cookies
. For more information in relation to cookies, please revert to the
Cookie Policy
to be found on the respective Website and/or here below.
The
legal basis
for these processing operations is respectively:
1.
For the processing of Personal Data of Users and/or Viewers, for the purpose of
supplying the Tool and Services
, our legal basis for the processing of your data is:
the necessity for the purpose of organizing and interacting in relation to the conclusion or performance of a
contract
to which the User and AVIOVISION are parties.
2.
For the processing of Personal Data of Users and potential Users for
direct marketing
, our legal basis is either necessity for the purpose of the legitimate interests pursued by AVIOVISION or your consent:
the necessity for the purpose of the
legitimate interests
pursued by AVIOVISION to promote sales, reinforce the relationship with the User, enhance User loyalty, etc.
We may invoke the legal basis of our legitimate interest, for
newsletters and promotions sent by e-mail
to our own Users if your e-mail contact details were received
directly from you
in the context of your use of the Tool, and are only used for the promotion of AVIOVISION's own
similar products
. Every newsletter, however, carries a link allowing you to unsubscribe from the newsletter.
Such legitimate interest is in our view not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Should you consider otherwise, please unsubscribe via the link or revert to title VII below on your legal rights in relation to privacy.
"your
consent
.
We will ask for your consent for
e-mail newsletters
if the aforementioned conditions are not complied with.
Your consent will be asked at the moment that we receive your Personal Data (e.g. on the Website). This will normally take the form of a consent box to be ticked:
[  ]  I agree to receive news and blogs from CrewLounge AERO. I can unsubscribe from those mailings anytime.
The User may revoke his consent at any moment in accordance with title VII below. Additionally, the User can review and revoke his consent via the portal
My CrewLounge - User - My Account - Notifications
(
login here
).
The Viewer may revoke his consent at any moment in accordance with title VII below. Additionally, the Viewer can review and revoke his consent via the portal
CrewLounge FRIENDS - Account - Notifications
(
login here
).
3.
Processing of Personal Data of
Users
of the Tool, and the case being, their
friends and family
, for the purpose of
debugging and optimization of the Tool
for all Users:
the necessity for the purpose of
the legitimate interests
pursued by AVIOVISION.
Given the nature of the Personal Data processed, which is basic information and no sensitive information, and the appropriate safeguards taken by AVIOVISION, such interests are in our view not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Should you consider otherwise, please revert to title VII below on your legal rights in relation to privacy.
4.
We may also process your Personal Data if required for legal reasons, compliance or tax and accounting reasons. The legal basis of our processing is then to be found in
European or national law
.
5.
Processing of Personal Data of
visitors to our
crewlounge.aero
Website
that fill out the Contact Form for the purpose of
responding to their requests or enquiries
as sent through the Contact Form;
the necessity for the purpose of
the legitimate interests
pursued by AVIOVISION to treat and give follow up to the visitor's request.
Given your initiative to send your request via the contact page (which we assume you want us to reply to) and the limited use made by us of your contact details to reply, such interests are in our view, not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Should you consider otherwise, please revert to title VII below on your legal rights in relation to privacy.
IV.    THE PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED AND THE CASE BEING, THE NECESSITY OF THE PROVISION THEREOF
For Users
We collect the following personal data from the User:
First and Last name*(1)(2)
Address*(1)(2)
E-mail address* (1)(2)
Citizenship*(1)
Telephone and/or mobile number
Function and/or rank
Airline company
Employee ID
Gender
Date of birth
Social media accounts (Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram)
Interests
Carpooling location
Technical Data (i.e. information associated with the device you use, such as the type of device, IP address, browser type, time, current geographical location and operating system) (3)
Flight Data (i.e. information on your flying activity, such as your flight history, your planned flight schedule, your current trip, personal notes that you enter, license and proficiency expiry dates, etc)
Profile picture (1)
Login & Password* (1)
Contract related information (1)
Metadata of communications (3)
Endorsement signatures and other images
Portable data files and other electronic documents
And the case being:
User complaints and details of the complaints (1)
Video recordings or screenshots that you share with us (3)
The Personal Data (1) are processed for the purpose of supplying the Tool and Services and legally required purposes linked to that purpose. The Personal Data (2) are processed for direct marketing purposes. The Personal Data (3) are processed for the optimization and debugging of the Tool.
The aforementioned Personal Data indicated with a * have to be provided if the User wants to engage in a relationship with AVIOVISION for the supply of the Tool and/or Services. The provision of the other Personal Data is entirely on a voluntary basis.
For Viewers
We collect the following personal data from the Viewers that have a
View Only Access
:
First and Last name
E-mail address
Login & Password
The User that initiated the View Only Access
All above specified Personal Data are processed for the purpose of supplying the View Only Access, and, the case being, for debugging and optimization of the Tool.
All Personal Data have to be provided if the User wants to give, and the friend or family member wants to obtain, a
View Only Access
.
For visitors to the Website
We collect the following personal data from visitors to the
crewlounge.aero
Website that fill out the Contact Form:
Name*
E-mail address*
Country
Company
Aircraft model
Software Operating System
Any other data filled out in the Contact Form
The content of all email messages that respond to the visitor's inquiry
The Personal Data indicated with a * have to be provided if the visitor wants to submit a request through the Contact Form.
V.    DURATION OF THE PROCESSING AND RETENTION OF DATA
For Users
We process your Personal Data for the purpose of
supplying the Tool and Services
and for the purpose of
debugging and optimization of the Tool
, as long as you use the Tool and Services.
After Expiration of the Agreement and automatic closure of the User's account pursuant to not using the Tool for a period of 18 months in accordance with Article 10.4 of the General License Terms, Personal Data contained in the Tool, will be deleted unless continued processing of specific Personal Data is necessary for legal, tax and/or accounting purposes. Make sure that you have exported your data prior to the closure of the User's account.
In the event of Termination of the Agreement for Serious Default in accordance with Article 10.2 and 10.3 of the General License Terms, Personal Data in that (part of the) Tool, are retained for 6 months after Termination, to allow you to export your data.
In the event that you decide to stop using our Tool and Services, you should first export all your Personal Data prior to closing the User's Account. Once the User's Account is closed, all data is deleted, forever.
We process your Personal Data for
direct marketing
purposes until you oppose to the processing of your Personal Data for that purpose, or if the processing was based on your consent, until you withdraw your consent.
For Viewers
Your Personal Data are deleted when all Users that you are linked to, take away your View Only Access or if Personal Data of all these Users are deleted as described under title V, For Users.
For visitors to the Website
We process your Personal Data as long as necessary to deal with and give follow up to your request and no longer than 1 year after dealing with your request. The data are not retained afterwards (unless the case being, in the context of another processing for another purpose as detailed in this Privacy Policy).
VI.    CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS AND TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA
The following Personal Data may be shared in accordance with this Privacy Policy:
All Personal Data with third party processors that provide services for us e.g. suppliers of IT and hosting services who are acting on behalf of AVIOVISION and with whom AVIOVISION has entered into adequate written processor contracts. These processors will only use the data for the purposes determined by AVIOVISION and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
and for Users only:
Financial data with third party suppliers that provide online payment services to you, in especially Paypal
®
, Mollie
®
, Apple iTunes
®
and Google Play
®
. These suppliers will only use the data for the payment services requested by you. They are obliged to abide by their own Privacy Policy.
When using the optional direct messaging chat function upon your initiative, your e-mail address, name and picture with a third party company, Quickblox Injoit Limited.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is possible that AVIOVISION must disclose your Personal Data:
To the competent authorities (i) when AVIOVISION is obliged to do so under the law or in the context of legal proceedings and (ii) for the protection and defense of our rights.
Given our collaboration with
Gemango Software Services Ltd
(in the Philippines) and with
CrewLounge Viet Nam Ltd
(in Vietnam), we will for the Purposes share your Personal Data with our colleagues vested outside of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). As Vietnam and the Philippines are not recognized by the European Commission as ensuring an adequate level of protection of Personal Data, AVIOVISION and its partners Gemango Software Services and CrewLounge Viet Nam have implemented appropriate safeguards for the protection of your rights and interests in these countries, by entering into standard contractual clauses "controller-to-processor" (C2P) or "processor-to-processor" (P2P), a copy of which can be requested by sending an e-mail to privacy อ crewlounge.aero.
Given the Tool's essence and finality of management and distribution of electronic flight related content, data and information for pilots, flight attendants, airline staff, aviation companies, aeroclubs, flight training centers and small airfields, Personal Data will necessarily be
transferred to countries outside the EEA
. You explicitly consent to that transfer when you, out of your own initiative, access the Tool and Services from outside the EEA, e.g. when you travel outside the EEA, or when you reside outside the EEA. In those scenarios the transfer is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and AVIOVISION (i.e. access and use of the Tool and Services from where you are). When you have enabled the sharing and visibility of your user profile and/or your geographical location with other Users of the Tool, Users outside the EEA will also be able to see your Personal Data , and this as a consequence of the performance of our contract with you.
VII.    YOUR RIGHTS IN RELATION TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
In relation to the Personal Data that are processed by AVIOVISION, you have a number of legal rights:
You have the right to get access to your Personal Data and to have these data corrected.
You may ask AVIOVISION to erase your Personal Data, or to restrict the processing thereof.
To the extent that the processing is based on the legal basis of a legitimate interest or the processing is done for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object to that processing.
To the extent that the processing is based on your consent, you have the right to revoke your consent at any time.
Within a duration of maximum 30 calendar days after receipt of your request, we will act upon your request and reply. If for some reason we cannot accommodate your request, we will inform you of the reasons thereof. If we are not in a position to identify you properly, we may ask you to provide a proof of your identity as a prerequisite to accommodating your request.
VIII.    CONTACT OR COMPLAINTS IN RELATION TO DATA PROCESSING
In order to invoke your rights under title VII, please contact us at our dedicated privacy e-mail address ( privacy อ crewlounge.aero ) or send us a letter ( AVIOVISION NV, Department of Privacy, Herkenrodesingel 8/D.3.01, 3500 Hasselt, Belgium ).
In the same way, if you have any questions, remarks or complaints in relation to our privacy policy or how we process your data, do not hesitate to contact us, either by letter or e-mail as described above.
If you have any complaints in relation to how AVIOVISION processes your Personal Data, you may file a complaint with the competent data protection authority in Belgium, being the Belgian Data Protection Authority (
here
).
PRIVACY POLICY - PART II (AS PROCESSOR)
Part II of our Privacy Policy
describes the role of
AVIOVISION as Processor
, in line with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Read more about these regulations on the official website of the European Commission (
here
).
I.    INTRODUCTION
At CrewLounge AERO, a software suite owned and operated by AVIOVISION, we attach great importance to the protection of Personal Data. This Policy sets out AVIOVISION's
commitments as a processor
with regard to the Personal Data we process on behalf and under the instruction of the user (hereafter "
User
" and "
User Personal Data
").
We shall process the User Personal Data in a proper and careful way and in accordance with the User's instructions and the data protection legislation and other applicable rules concerning the processing of User Personal Data.
We reserve our right to amend our Processor Policy from time to time, if legislation or our internal practices so require.
When entrusting us with User Personal Data in the context of the CrewLounge AERO software suite or any module thereof (the "Tool"), and by using specific functionalities of the Tool, you determine the specific processing operations that you want the Tool to perform with the User Personal Data. You also determine the privacy settings. It is your initiative to use these functionalities and to use these in relation to specific User Personal Data, for purposes that are determined by you. Hence, you, the User, are the controller of the processing. If you provide us with Personal Data of other persons, such as your family, friends and/or colleagues, that will be using any part of the Tool, you must obtain prior consent from these persons. You must inform these persons of our Processor Policy before entrusting us with their Personal Data.
This
Privacy Policy - Part II
only treats processing operations under AVIOVISION's control, in especially for which AVIOVISION acts as processor. Please revert to our
Privacy Policy - Part I (as Controller)
above, in relation to processing operations we perform for our own purposes, in especially as controller.
II.    SUBJECT MATTER OF THE PROCESSING
The processing considered here below is the processing by AVIOVISION and/or in the Tool of User Personal Data such as data of the User, and family, friends and/or colleagues of the User, if indicated by the User.
Data of a colleague will only be processed if the colleague has a CrewLounge AERO User account of his own. Data of
friends and family of a User
, known as the "
Viewer
", will only be processed on the User's initiative to grant these persons
View Only Access
through the
CrewLounge FRIENDS
app, which access is subject to
View Only Access Terms
.
These User Personal Data are processed on behalf of the User and for the User's purposes based on the User's instructions, and the functionalities and privacy settings chosen. This processing either forms an inherent part of the User's use of the Tool, either relates to AVIOVISION's support given for the Tool in the event of assistance, issues or bugs. Specific processing operations relate for instance to authentication, reading, creation and submission of flight and business related information, sending of data, monitoring the usage of the Tool, reviewing issues and fixing bugs etc.
With regard to this processing, AVIOVISION processes the relevant User Personal Data on behalf of the User. Therefore AVIOVISION qualifies as processor for these processing activities, and the User qualifies as controller.
The User in its capacity as controller shall be responsible to comply with all (legal) obligations vested in the controller, in particular the obligation to inform the data subjects on the purposes of his processing.
III.    USER PURPOSES FOR THE PROCESSING OF USER PERSONAL DATA AND NATURE OF THE PROCESSING OPERATIONS
AVIOVISION processes User Personal Data on behalf of its User for the purposes of the User ("
User Purposes
").
In the context of these User Purposes, AVIOVISION shall perform the following processing operations for the User:
The delivery of services to the User in accordance with the General License Terms, being amongst others:
Authentication and granting access permissions to parts of the Tool
Reading, creation and submission of flight and business related information
Sending and receiving of data
Storing documents and images
Supporting incidents, including bugs and issues
Improving data security and software performance
IV.    OVERVIEW OF THE USER PERSONAL DATA, WHICH PARTIES EXPECT TO PROCESS
The categories of data subjects are the following:
User
Viewer
For Users
The following data are processed on behalf of the User:
Name
Address
E-mail address
Company name
Aircraft type
Telephone and/or mobile number
Company number
Employee ID
VAT number
Login & Password
Gender
Date of birth
Actual flight data
Roster schedule data
User profile picture
Documents and data that are related to conducting flights and flight training
For Viewers
The following data are processed on behalf of the Viewer:
Name
E-mail address
Login & Password
V.    DURATION OF THE PROCESSING AND RETENTION PERIOD
For Users
AVIOVISION shall retain the User Personal Data as long as User is using the Tool, or any part thereof.
The User explicitly agrees that after Expiration of the Agreement and closure of the User's account, pursuant to not using the Tool for a period of 18 months, in accordance with Article 10.4 of the General License Terms, User Personal Data contained in the Tool will be deleted. Make sure that you have exported your data prior to closure of the User's account.
After Termination of the Agreement for Serious Default in accordance with Article 10.2 and 10.3 of the General License Terms, Personal Data in the Tool are retained for 6 months after Termination, to allow you to export your data.
In the event that you decide to stop using our Tool and Services, you should first export all your Personal Data prior to closing the User's Account. Once the User's Account is closed, all data is deleted, forever.
For Viewers
Your Personal Data are deleted when all Users that you are linked to, take away your View Only Access or if Personal Data of all these Users are deleted as described under title V, For Users.
VI.    SUB-PROCESSORS
For the User Purposes specified under Article III, AVIOVISION appeals to the following sub-processors. The User and the Viewer hereby explicitly grants their general authorization to engage the following sub-processors:
Name of the sub-processor
:
Gemango Software Services
Address of the sub-processor:
Ayala Business park RM14B (14th Floor)
IT Tower 1, Cebu City,
6000 Cebu,
Philippines
Description of services provided to Supplier:
ICT Development and Customer Support Services
Is the User Personal Data accessible by the sub-contractor?
Yes, permanent
Name of the sub-processor
:
CrewLounge Viet Nam Ltd.
Address of the sub-processor:
Tầng 4, số 20 Đồng Bát,
Phường Mỹ Đình 2,
Quận Nam Từ Liêm,
Thành phố Hà Nội,
Việt Nam
Description of services provided to Supplier:
ICT Development
Is the User Personal Data accessible by the sub-contractor?
Yes, permanent
These sub-processors are at least bound by the same obligations by which AVIOVISION is bound under this Processor Policy.
AVIOVISION shall refrain from sharing any User Personal Data to any sub-processor not in the sub-processor list.
AVIOVISION undertakes to inform the User in writing of any change to the aforementioned list (addition or replacement of a sub-processor). Such notice will be given by a pop-up notification inside the Tool as well as via email notification indicating a modification in the Processor Policy. The User has the opportunity to object to such changes in writing and in a reasoned manner within thirty (30) days upon receipt of AVIOVISION's notice.
QuickBlox Injoit Ltd.
, the provider of the direct messaging chat function inside the Tool, is not considered a sub-processor of AVIOVISION. If you use the direct messaging chat function of QuickBlox on your initiative, QuickBlox's own privacy policy applies between you and Quickblox. You find their Privacy Policy
here
Given our collaboration with
Gemango Software Services Ltd
(in the Philippines) and with
CrewLounge Viet Nam Ltd
(in Vietnam), we will for the Purposes share your Personal Data with our colleagues vested outside of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). Refer to title VII here below on how we handle the transfer of your data outside of the EEA.
VII.    TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA
AVIOVISION shall not transfer User Personal Data, to a country outside the EEA, unless:
(i)
the transfer happens on the initiative of the User
through the use of the Tool (i.e. access and use of the Tool and Services made from outside the EEA by the User or the User's contact); or
(ii)
to the
processors and sub-processors
indicated in Title VI that are located outside the EEA (hereafter data importers).
In the latter case, AVIOVISION as data exporter has implemented appropriate safeguards for the protection of the data subjects' rights and interests in the data importer's country, by entering into standard contractual clauses "controller-to-processor" (C2P) or "processor-to-processor" (P2P) with the data importers, a copy of which can be requested by sending an e-mail to privacy อ crewlounge.aero. The User hereby expressly grants AVIOVISION authorization to engage the above processors or sub-processors and to enter into said standard contractual clauses with them.
AVIOVISION guaranties that its current processors and sub-processors outside of the EEA have signed, and that future processors and sub-processors will sign the standard contractual clauses "controller-to-processor" (C2P) or "processor-to-processor" (P2P) with AVIOVISION.
VIII.    RIGHTS IN RELATION TO THE PROCESSING OF USER PERSONAL DATA
AVIOVISION commits to deliver the necessary assistance to the User acting as controller, taking into account the nature of the processing, with:
1.
the fulfilment of the User's duty to answer a request of a data subject for exercising the data subject's rights laid down in Chapter III of the GDPR;
2.
taking the appropriate measures for the safety of the User Personal Data and reporting any breaches to the safety and security of User Personal Data;
3.
carrying out a data protection impact assessment, in case the User considers such assessment to be (legally) required.
In case a situation occurs in which the User wishes to call upon the assistance of AVIOVISION, the User will promptly notify AVIOVISION by e-mail support อ crewlounge.aero.
IX.    TECHNICAL AND ORGANISATIONAL SECURITY MEASURES
AVIOVISION undertakes to implement the following technical and organisational security measures necessary for the protection of User Personal Data, that the User considers appropriate:
Use of modern ICT hardware and up-to-date software
Data protection through strong password as well as 2FA (Two Factor Authentication)
Inventory of all hardware and IP addresses that accesses the Tool
Monitoring and automatic blocking of suspicious actions
as well as internal:
Data security protocols
Company data processing policies
Awareness training
When determining the appropriate technical and organisational security measures, AVIOVISION shall take into account (i) the state of the art, (ii) the implementation costs related to these measures, (iii) the nature, scope, context and purposes of the processing, (iv) the risks involved for the data subjects' rights and freedoms, in particular in case of accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or non-authorised access to User Personal Data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed, and (v) the probability that the processing shall have an impact on the rights and freedoms of the data subjects.
AVIOVISION shall review and update these measures on a regular basis.
X.    NOTIFICATION OF SECURITY BREACHES
AVIOVISION shall implement technical measures to:
monitor security events in relation to User Personal Data, and
detect a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed ("
Data Breach
").
In the event of a Data Breach, AVIOVISION shall notify the User without undue delay after becoming aware of the Data Breach and shall provide - to the extent possible - the User with all information needed to inform the competent authorities if deemed necessary by the User.
The User however shall be responsible as controller for his notification obligations toward the competent authorities and/or data subjects.
AVIOVISION shall retain any incident logs related to a Data Breach for six months.
XII.    CONFIDENTIALITY CLAUSE
AVIOVISION shall maintain the User Personal Data confidential and not disclose nor sell any User Personal Data to third parties, without the prior written agreement of the User. However, in the event that the User is using the Tool (or part thereof) through an Access Code that is received from and paid by a third party, usually the employer of the User (Article 3.3 of the General License Terms), the User understands and explicitly consents that User Personal Data is shared with that third party.
AVIOVISION will ensure that its employees and sub-processors, engaged in the performance of the Services under the General License Terms, are informed about the confidential nature of the User Personal Data, have received appropriate training on their responsibilities and have executed written confidentiality agreements.
XIII.    AUDITS
The User is entitled to verify AVIOVISION's compliance with this Processor Policy once per calendar year. During AVIOVISION's regular business hours, and provided that the User has given AVIOVISION at least 30 calendar days prior notice of the date of the audit, AVIOVISION will allow the User to visit the premises where the User Personal Data is processed in order to verify compliance with this Processor Policy.
The costs on the account of the User and the costs on the account of AVIOVISION for the performance of the audit are borne and paid by the User, unless the result of the audit shows that AVIOVISION has committed a serious shortcoming in the implementation or execution of this Processor Policy.
XIV.    PRIVACY MANAGER
AVIOVISION has appointed the following Privacy Manager:
Name:
Robert DIRKS
Address:
AVIOVISION, Herkenrodesingel 8/D.3.01, 3500 Hasselt, Belgium
E-mail:
privacy อ crewlounge.aero
privacy อ AVIOVISIONbook.aero
COOKIE POLICY - TOOL
The
Cookie Policy - Tool
describes the cookies that are used by the Tool, in especially when using the different web apps through the
crewlounge.center
domain, such as
friends.crewlounge.center
,
docs.crewlounge.center
,
pilotlog.crewlounge.center
, and other modules of the CrewLounge AERO Software Suite.
For the cookie policy regarding the commercial website
crewlounge.aero
refer to the
Cookie Policy - Website
(
here
).
I.    INTRODUCTION
The administrator of this Tool is AVIOVISION NV. AVIOVISION makes use of cookies which are managed in our own name. In this cookie policy you are provided with more information about the types of cookies used, the data each cookie tracks, its purpose and whether or not you have the right to refuse these cookies.
Given that cookies contain personal data, this cookie policy must be read together with our privacy policy, which you find here above.
The processing of personal data is subject to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) and the Belgian Law of 30 July 2018 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data.
II.    WHAT ARE COOKIES?
As administrator of this Tool, AVIOVISION makes use of so-called 'cookies'. Cookies are small text files that are installed on your computer or mobile device when you visit our Tool. Cookie-files contain unique extracts of information that, for example, allow your browser to recognize you when you visit our Tool and thus improve your user experience. Cookies allow us to store certain usage information and to enable certain features on our Tool.
Cookies have an expiration date depending on whether they are 'session cookies' or 'persistent cookies'.
Session cookies contain information that is used within your current browser session. These cookies are temporary and expire once you close your browser (or once your session ends).
Persistent cookies, however, are used to store information between visits to the Tool. This data enables the Tool to recognise you as a returning visitor and therefore respond accordingly, for example by storing your language preferences. Persistent cookies have an expiration date written into their code and their duration can vary.
III.    WHICH COOKIES DO WE USE AND WHY?
There are different types of cookies, depending on what purpose they serve, their time of expiry ('session' and 'persistent' cookies) and their origin ('first-party' and 'third-party' cookies).
AVIOVISION makes use of the following types of cookies on the Tool:
Cookies which are technically necessary for the functioning of the Tool
To make the Tool working, AVIOVISION uses essential and functional cookies. These cookies are technically necessary for the proper functioning and security of the Tool. They help provide a good user experience of our Tool.
By disabling such cookies, certain parts of the Tool may not function properly and certain functionalities and services may not be used.
The cookies are 'first-party' cookies, which means they are stored by our Tool directly. As they relate to the legitimate interests of AVIOVISION, these cookies are placed without your consent.
Name of the Cookie
:
shared_did
Cookie Type:
Essential
Personal Data collected:
A random unique string generated by website
Purpose of collecting:
Identify logged in browser for tracking list of devices/browsers of visitors
Legal Basis:
Legitimate
Duration unless deleted:
100 days
Retention period of Personal Data collected:
100 days
First or Third Party Cookie:
First
Name of the Cookie
:
shared_jwt
Cookie Type:
Essential
Personal Data collected:
Vistor's access token
Purpose of collecting:
An encoded string sent by API server after logging in. The string is used for authenticating requests on behalf of the visitor instead of using account/password directly.
Legal Basis:
Legitimate
Duration unless deleted:
7 days
Retention period of Personal Data collected:
7 days
First or Third Party Cookie:
First
Name of the Cookie
:
shared_jwt_refresh
Cookie Type:
Essential
Personal Data collected:
Vistor's refresh token
Purpose of collecting:
An encoded string sent by API server for renewing the access token automatically when expired. It helps visitors obtain a new access token without the need for a new login.
Legal Basis:
Legitimate
Duration unless deleted:
30 days
Retention period of Personal Data collected:
30 days
First or Third Party Cookie:
First
Name of the Cookie
:
aws_id
Cookie Type:
Functional
Personal Data collected:
Amazon Access Id
Purpose of collecting:
The access key ID generated by Amazon for each visitor that identifies the temporary security credentials
Legal Basis:
Legitimate
Duration unless deleted:
12 hours
Retention period of Personal Data collected:
12 hours
First or Third Party Cookie:
First
Name of the Cookie
:
aws_secret
Cookie Type:
Functional
Personal Data collected:
Amazon secret access key
Purpose of collecting:
A secret access key generated by Amazon, used to sign requests
Legal Basis:
Legitimate
Duration unless deleted:
12 hours
Retention period of Personal Data collected:
12 hours
First or Third Party Cookie:
First
Name of the Cookie
:
aws_token
Cookie Type:
Functional
Personal Data collected:
Amazon session token
Purpose of collecting:
A token generated by Amazon which is required to use temporary credentials
Legal Basis:
Legitimate
Duration unless deleted:
12 hours
Retention period of Personal Data collected:
12 hours
First or Third Party Cookie:
First
Cookies which are intended to improve the interactivity of the Tool
Non-functional cookies are used for analytical and/or commercial purposes. These cookies can be 'first-party' cookies, which means they are stored by our Tool directly, or 'third-party' cookies. Third-party cookies are created by domains/websites other than the one you are visiting directly. They will collect your browsing data and use the data collected via their cookies for purposes they have determined in accordance with their own privacy policy. They can be used for cross-site tracking, retargeting and ad-serving.
The use of non-functional cookies is subject to your prior explicit consent. You can give your consent or refuse by clicking the appropriate button in the cookie banner. You are also able to refuse that such cookies are stored on your computer or mobile device.
AVIOVISION
does not use
non-functional cookies for the Tool. Hence, there are no buttons on the cookie banner when you browse to the
crewlounge.center
domain, or any of the sub-domains.
IV.    HOW CAN YOU DETERMINE WHICH COOKIES ARE STORED ON YOUR COMPUTER OR MOBILE DEVICE AND HOW CAN YOU DELETE THESE COOKIES?
All common browsers allow you to define or indicate which cookies you allow in their settings or options. Via your browser, you can view and delete the current cookies on your computer or mobile device, and choose not to accept them in the future.
Here are some useful links to their respective Support pages:
Apple - Safari (
here
)
Google - Chrome (
here
)
Microsoft - Edge (
here
)
Microsoft - Internet Explorer (
here
)
Mozilla - Firefox (
here
)
If you cannot find these settings, you can consult the help function of your browser.
V.    CONTACT
If you have any questions or comments regarding our cookie policy, please contact us through the Website Contact Form or via email to privacy อ crewlounge.aero
To exercise your rights, you can also find further information in our Privacy Policy, here above.
End of the Terms of Use