Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
Bravestars and it’s developers (“BRAVESTARS” or “we”) is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our online users (“users” or “you”). This Privacy Policy has been crafted to inform you as to the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information you provide in connection with any BRAVESTARS’s game or Application. Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited to only information collected from BRAVESTARS through use of the Service. By using the service, you are agreeing to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. We may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and we encourage you to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for change.
COLLECT INFORMATION
When you use any BRAVESTARS Service, also sometimes referred to as an “Application” or “App”, you get access to its online community within that Service and you allow BRAVESTARS to access certain information about you. The information you allow us to access varies by Application, and it is affected by the privacy settings you and your friends establish in that Application. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain App related activities.
There are two types of information we may collect through your use of our:
1. “Personal Information”, which is the type of information that specifically identifies you personally and/or can be used alone to contact you online or offline, such as your full name, physical address, email address, telephone number, photograph, precise geolocation information (i.e., your specific location), BRAVESTARS’s game player ID, credit card information, and, in some cases, usernames, images, and audio recordings.
2. “Non-Personal Information”, which is information that does not identify you and cannot be used to contact you personally, including information about you such as your date of birth, age, ZIP code, non-precise geolocation information (e.g., your city), and gender, as well as information about your computer and mobile device, such as your unique device ID, Internet Protocol (IP) address, or other persistent identifiers, and their hardware/software/firmware. Non-Personal Information also includes “Usage Data”, which is anonymous data tied to your computer and/or device, such as the actions you take within and outside of the Websites/Apps, the browser you use, the identity of other Apps included on your device, the date and time of your use of the Websites/Apps, your game progress, playtime, score and achievements, and the URLs you visited and/or Apps you used before and after using our Websites/Apps.
USE INFORMATION
By using the Service, you consent to the collection, storage, and use of your personal images and audio recordings as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Bravestars Casual values user privacy and treats all uploaded image and audio content in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
We may use the information, images and audio recordings uploaded by users for the following purposes:
1. Provide, maintain, and improve the Services and deliver the information and support you request, including technical notices, security alerts, purchase confirmations, and support and administrative messages.
2. Personalize the Services and provide advertisements, content, or features that are targeted toward your interests.
3. Send you news and information about the Services and communicate with you about products, services, contests, promotions, incentives, and rewards offered by Bravestars and select partners.
4. Track and analyze trends and usage in connection with the Services.
5. Process and deliver contests, promotion entries, and rewards.
In all cases of data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, leased, loaned, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties and will be used solely for the purpose of providing you with and improving the Service.
OTHER DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You understand and agree that we may be required to disclose any personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, including but not limited to a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order, or to protect our rights and property, or that of the public. Note that BRAVESTARS is not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that BRAVESTARS may receive. Additionally, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, customer information may be transferred to BRAVESTARS’s successor or assignee, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk, generally to quickly identify a user’s computer and to “remember” things about the user’s visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password. The Service sends cookies to your computer when you access or view content of a BRAVESTARS game. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our service, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the App may not function properly.
THIRD PARTY/LINKS
The Service may contain links to other Websites/Apps. The fact that the Service links to a Websites/Apps or presents a banner ad or other types of advertisement does not mean that BRAVESTARS endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of our affiliation with that third party. BRAVESTARS is in no way responsible for the privacy policies of these other Websites/Apps to which you chose to access from the Service. Please be sure to read the privacy policies of those websites when exiting the Service.
To manage BRAVESTARS from your third-party applications or platforms that experience our games, such as Facebook, Google,… you will need to follow the instructions to update your information and change your privacy settings. Please in
here
privacy management tool for Facebook applications and
here
privacy management tool for Facebook Instant Games.
SECURITY
We have put in place reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so we discourage you from sending us personal information through these mediums. If there is a breach of security involving your credit card information from our Websites/Apps, we will inform you immediately and take commercially reasonable steps to rectify such breach.
As part of our commitment to maintaining a secure environment, we have strict policies regarding employee access to user data:
Reason and purpose of access must be provided.
Approval from a Project Manager or higher authority is required, confirming the access rights.
Data access can only be granted to employees with the explicit consent of their superior.
Storage of data on devices (laptops, tablets, etc.) and removable media (USB devices, phones, etc.) is forbidden.
Upon completion of the task, data access rights will be revoked.
In the unlikely event of a security breach involving your credit card information on our Websites/Apps, we will promptly inform you and take commercially reasonable steps to rectify the situation. Your trust and privacy are of utmost importance to us, and we are committed to continuously improving our policies and practices to protect your data effectively.
In order to bring the best and safest experience for users by many measures, all of our Applications and Games will be tested and reviewed for possible vulnerabilities every three months. We also appreciate and take other contributions to deal with vulnerabilities into account. If you have information, please contact us at: account@bravestars.com.
ADULT
To delete the data collected by our Applications and Games in Facebook, you will need to follow the instructions. Please go to
here
privacy management tool for Facebook applications and
here
privacy management tool for Facebook Instant Games. After that, check the game you want to delete data and select Remove; if you want to delete all of data that is relevant to your Facebook account, please check the box Delete posts, videos or events that “name of the game you select” posted on your timeline.
CHILDREN
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our App from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our App is structured to attract anyone under 13.
CHANGE
We have the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. We will provide notice of significant changes through the Play Console or other means. We also will post a notification on the main page of our App. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
DATA DELETION POLICY
All User Platform Data is stored, secured, and protected by Facebook. The Platform Data of a user will be deleted by Facebook after a period of time if the user does not return to the game. For users who still keep in touch with our games, if support is needed, you can contact us via email at account@bravestars.com and we will respond immediately.
MAINTAINING ACCOUNT RULE
Only our employees with authorized accounts and certified PCs are allowed to access game projects through the internal connection for the purpose of interacting with and utilizing the source code. We have stringent security measures in place to prevent fraud, and project permissions are granted strictly. Regular checks are conducted to ensure compliance. If any suspicious activity is detected, immediate actions will be taken, including revoking permissions and conducting investigations into the account holder.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
By using this App, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our App. Your continued use of the App following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
We do not represent or warrant that our Websites/Apps will be available at all times, or that your use of the Websites/Apps will be uninterrupted or error-free. We are not responsible for your ability to access the Websites/Apps or for matters beyond our control. This Privacy Policy is governed by VietNam law, excluding its provisions on choice of law.
SUPPORT INFORMATION
If you want ask questions and request support, please contact us by these ways below:
Legal Address: 2F – Thanh Xuan Complex Building, 6 Le Van Thiem Street, Thanh Xuan District, Hanoi, Vietnam.
Telephone number: (+84)968543698
Email: account@bravestars.com
This document was last updated on May 23, 2024