Web Coast Apps
Our Tracking Apps
Download Apps
Contact Us
About Us
Privacy Policy
Web Coast Apps – Privacy Policy and Terms of Use for All Our Apps
This policy explains specific privacy practices with respect to all our products and services that you may use.  This Privacy Policy and Terms of Use reference the use of Web Coast Designs, LLC (WCD), Web Coast Apps (WCA), and all other company-related products and services.  By use of our products and services, you agree to all terms posted here, in the app store, as well as Apple’s ‘Licenses Application End User Licence Agreement’ here: the
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/
This privacy policy and terms of use may change regularly.  All changes updated here are effective immediately.
            
            Our Privacy Policy explains:
What information we collect and why we collect it.
How we use that information.
Your privacy matters to us so whether you are new to our services or a long-time user, please take the time to get to know our practices and contact us through our contact form if you have any questions.
Information we collect
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users – from troubleshooting product issues to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful.
We collect information in two ways:
Information you give us.
For example, if you contact us about an issue, complaint, or general comment.  We may use the information you’ve provided for the promotion of our services, such as testimonials or case studies, or concerns involving external service providers including app store service providers which you may have used to download our product.  Information you provide, such as email and phone numbers, etc., may be collected for later promotional use.
Information we get from your use of our services.
We collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, like when you watch a video on YouTube, visit a website that uses our advertising services, or you view and interact with our ads and content. This information includes:
Device information.
We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number).
Log information.
When you use our services or view content provided by us, third parties like Google or Apple, automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This includes:
details of how you used our service, such as your search queries.
telephone log information like your phone number, calling-party number, forwarding numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information, and types of calls.
device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and referral URL.
cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your app service provider.
Internet protocol address.
Location information.
When you use our services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide us with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points, and cell towers.
Unique application numbers.
Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to us when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates or when you contact us
Local storage.
Our applications are native, not web-based, which means we do NOT collect and store information (including personal information) in any external database through our free version.  Please note if you use the automatic backup in the pro or upgraded version files will be exported through our servers which means data may be unintentionally collected.
Cookies and anonymous identifiers.
We and our partners use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit our website or use our mobile app service, and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your web browser or device. We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners, such as advertising services or features that may appear on other sites. We use Google and other analytics to analyze traffic to our websites and apps. When used in conjunction with our advertising services, such as those using the DoubleClick cookie, Google Analytics information is linked, using our technology, with information about visits to multiple sites.
Other information that may be collected and shared from any one of our collection of apps include:
Contact Info
Name
* Including first or last name
Email Address
* Including but not limited to a hashed email address
Phone Number
* Including but not limited to a hashed phone number
Physical Address
* Such as a home address, physical address, or mailing address
Other User Contact Info
Home or physical address
Health & Fitness
Health
* Health and medical data, including but not limited to from the Clinical Health Records API, HealthKit API, MovementDisorderAPIs, health-related human subject research, or any other user provided health or medical dataFitness
Fitness and exercise data, including but not limited to the Motion and Fitness API
Financial Info
Payment Info - Such as form of payment, payment card number, or bank account number.
Other Financial Info
Such as salary, income, assets, debts, or any other financial information
Location
Precise Location - Information that describes the location of a user or device with the same or greater resolution as a latitude and longitude with three or more decimal places
Coarse Location
Information that describes the location of a user or device with lower resolution than a latitude and longitude with three or more decimal places, such as approximate location services
Sensitive Info
Such as racial or ethnic data, sexual orientation, pregnancy or childbirth information, disability, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, political opinion, genetic information, or biometric data
Contacts
Such as a list of contacts in the user’s phone, address book, or social graph
User Content
Emails or Text Messages
Including subject line, sender, recipients, and contents of the email or message
Photos or Videos
The user’s photos or videos
Audio Data
* The user’s voice or sound recordings
Gameplay Content
* Such as user-generated content in-game
Customer Support
* Data generated by the user during a customer support request
Other User Content
* Any other user-generated content
Browsing History
Information about the content the user has viewed that is not part of the app, such as web sites.
                                    Search History
Information about searches performed in the app
Identifiers
User ID
* Such as screen name, handle, account ID, assigned user ID, customer number, probabilistic identifier, or other user- or account-level ID that can be used to identify a particular user or account
Device ID
* Such as the device’s advertising identifier, or other device-level 
                                    IDPurchases
* An account’s or individual’s purchases or purchase tendencies
Usage Data
Product Interaction
                                    * Such as app launches, taps, clicks, scrolling information, music listening data, video views, saved place in a game, video, or song, or other information about how the user interacts with the app
Advertising Data
                                    * Such as information about the advertisements the user has seen
                                    Other Usage Data
                                    * Any other data about user activity in the app
Diagnostics
Crash Data
                                   * Such as crash logs
Performance Data
* Such as launch time, hang rate, or energy use
Other Diagnostic Data
                                   * Any other data collected for the purposes of measuring technical diagnostics related to the app
Other Data
* Any other data types not mentioned
How we use the information we collect
We and our partners use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect, and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect ourselves and our users. We might also use this information to offer you tailored content – like offering you more ads or other app suggestions.
When you contact us, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes, improvements, or other services we chose to cross-promote.
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services, including marketing campaigns. One of the products we use to do this is through Google Analytics or other Analytic tools.
If you have provided your information to us through our website or mobile app contact options we may combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other services – for example, cross-marketing and email notifications.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
Privacy Option
If you have a privacy concern you may set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, if you block this information we might not be able to collect analytic analysis to help improve the use of our products or services.
Information you share
Some of our services may allow you to back up your data to third-party services provided by Google or Apple, your personal email account, local hardware device, or our shared servers. By using these third-party service and our servers you are solely responsible for the privacy of your data.  We have no association with these parties and we recommend reading their “terms of use” and “privacy policy” before saving your information to these services.  We are in no way responsible for how you handle data on your device or any partner service.  Nor are we responsible for your data should your device become compromised or lost.  Any data sent to our servers for the purpose of backups will not be used for promotional purposes or sold to third parties.  By using our servers to store your data you hold Web Coast Designs and our subsidiaries harmless if your data is lost or compromised.  You are fully responsible for the storage of your data and will store your data on our servers at your own risk.
Accessing and updating your personal information
Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.
Information we share
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations, and individuals externally unless one of the following circumstances applies:
Provided Correspondence –
We may share any correspondence or information you provide to us through communication with the company to external organizations or individuals.
With app store service providers –
If your app is purchased through an app store we may have access to your purchase transaction information (including your email and other data that might be provided to us through the app store). App store services providers may provide to us or may be able to:
view statistics regarding your account, like statistics regarding applications you install.
suspend or terminate access to our application or services.
access or retain information stored as part of your account.
receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request.
restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings.
Please refer to your app store’s privacy policy for more information.
For external processing,
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of our company if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request.
enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of ourselves, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – like publishers, advertisers, or connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
If our company is involved in a merger, acquisition, or asset sale, we may disclose all aggregated data collected through our services.
How we use the information we collect
We work hard to protect ourselves and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we store. In particular:
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.
We use partners and third parties to collect, store, and disseminate information.  We will not be held liable in any way for lost information from or by use of these partners, third party partners, or our services
About Company
702 703-4808
info@webcoastapps.com
Support Hours: 24x7
About Us
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use All Apps
Steps to Delete Your Account
© 2023, Web Coast Apps, or it"s affiliates.