/
Privacy
/
Privacy P
olicy
We realise that you place a lot of trust in us and we take it as our responsibility to protect your privacy. This Privacy Policy informs you about the information we collect from you when you visit our website and make use of our services, why we collect this information and how it enables us to increase your user experience. This way you will understand how we work.
This Privacy Policy is applicable to all services from MYPUP B.V. By using this application and our services, you automatically agree with our Privacy Policy.
MYPUP B.V. respects the privacy of all users of our website and our services and ensures that all personal data you provide us with, shall be treated confidentially.
​
The use of our servies
When you register for one of our services we ask you to provide us with your personal data, such as name, address, post code, town, mobile phone number, email address, payment details and the delivery Pick Up Point (PUP) of your choice. We use this information to perform our services to you. Your data is automatically stored in your user profile, which is saved on MYPUP B.V.’s own secure servers or on the server of a third party commissioned by MYPUP B.V. We also use this information to be able to execute analyses of the use of the pups, so that we can improve our services and the making available and the use of pups.
​
Communication
When you send emails or other notifications to us, it is possible that we save these. Sometimes we ask for personal details that relate to that particular situation. This enables us to process your requests and answer your questions. Your information is stored on MYPUP B.V.’s own secure servers or those of a third party. We will not associate this data with other personal data held by us.
​
Cookies
We collect information for research purposes in order to help us understand our customers and to tailor our services to our customers’ needs.
This website uses cookies (small files which are stored on your computer) to help the website to analyse how users use the website. The information created by the cookie, about your use of the website, can be transferred to our own secured servers of MYPUP B.V. or those of a third party mandated for that purpose.
We use this service to keep track of how you and other visitors use our website, to compile reports on the website activity and to offer other services related to website activity and internet use.
​
Objectives
We do not collect or use information for other purposes than the objectives described in this Privacy Policy, unless we have obtained your prior authorisation to do so. We do not make use of automatic decision making, like profiling.
​
Third parties
Our staff members are obligated to respect the confidentiality of your data. In principle MYPUP B.V. does not provide personal data to third parties, except to parties involved in the provision of the services. In addition, MYPUP B.V. can transfer personal data to parties who make pups available to users of the pups, e.g. in an office or apartment complex. These parties receive information to, e.g., be able to execute analyses of the use of the pups, so that we and they can improve the services. These third parties must process the personal data in compliance with applicable data processing legislation and must themselves determine the purpose and means for processing the data; their conditions apply to such processing.
It is possible that personal data are transferred to recipients in countries outside of the EEA. We may only do this if the country in question offers an appropriate level of protection with regard to personal data protection. If a country fails to comply, MYPUP B.V. will see to appropriate safeguards so that the personal data is nevertheless properly protected.
​
Digital marketing service providers
We periodically appoint digital marketing agents to conduct marketing activity on our behalf, such activity may result in the compliant processing of personal information. Our appointed data processors include:
(i)Prospect Global Ltd (trading as Sopro) Reg. UK Co. 09648733. You can contact Sopro and view their privacy policy here:
http://sopro.io
.  Sopro are registered with the ICO Reg: ZA346877 their Data Protection Officer can be emailed at:
dpo@sopro.io
.
Lead Forensics Ltd. You can contact Lead Forensics and view their privacy policy here:
https://www.leadforensics.com
. Their Data Protection Officer can be emailed at:
data-compliance@leadforensics.com
.
​
C
hanges
MYPUP B.V. reserves the right to change this privacy policy from time to time. You will then promptly be notified by MYPUP B.V. via email.
​
Choices for personal data
All our users have the possibility to view, adapt or delete all personal data provided to us. You can do so by logging in through the user profile you have made or you can send an email to the email address below. We will do everything possible to process personal data in a legitimate manner. Should you nevertheless be of the opinion that we are not satisfactorily processing a request, you have the right of lodging a complaint with the Dutch Data Protection Authority (Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens).
​
Unsubscribe from or adjust servies from MyPup B.V.
You can adjust your personal data or unsubscribe yourself at any time and stop using MYPUP B.V.’s services.
If you would like to amend your details or would like to have your details deleted from our records, you can simply do so by logging into your registered user profile, or by sending an email to the email address provided in the contact information below. If you delete all your data, you will no longer be able to make use of our services. If the customer takes out a subscription for the services of MYPUP B.V. via mypup.nl the customer can terminate this at any time in writing or via the user profile. Termination of the contract is effective as of the next payment collection date.
​
Disable cookies
The majority of the browsers are automatically set to accept cookies, however, you can reset your browser to reject all cookies or to notify you that a cookie will be sent. However, it is possible that some of the functions and services on our and other websites may not function properly when you have disabled the cookies in your browser.
​
S
torage period
MYPUP B.V. only processes personal data as long as necessary. We take the following storage period into account in this respect:
Personal data that we process on behalf of the services: we will delete your data 12 months and 30 days after you have last used the platform or service.
Personal data that we process because we have communicated with you: 2000 days after your last communication we will delete the emails.
Cookies: maximum of 365 days and less if possible.
​
Questions and feedback
We regularly review our compliance with this Privacy Policy. Should you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, then kindly contact us, via:
MYPUP B.V.
Kuiperbergweg 32
1101 AG Amsterdam
The Netherlands
info@my-pup.com
December 2021